









Our Experts | BrainLine





























Jump to navigation












 




Find What You Need
Get targeted resources quickly!
 













Menu
















Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Comment

 





Our Experts




Juan Carlos  Arango-Lasprilla

Juan Carlos Arango-Lasprilla, PhD is currently a research assistant professor in the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at Virginia Commonwealth University. He is well-known in his areas of expertise, both in the US and abroad.
00218_1.jpg

 







Paul Aravich

Paul Aravich, PhD is a behavioral neuroscientist and professor of Pathology and Anatomy, Geriatrics, and Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at Eastern Virginia Medical School, Norfolk, Virginia.
Aravich screenshot 2_0.jpg

 







Julian Bailes

Julian Bailes, MD is a founding member of the Brain Injury Research Institute and professor and chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery, West Virginia University School of Medicine. He is a recognized leader in the field of neurosurgery and the impact of brain injury on cognitive function.
Bailes_1_0.jpg

 







Jeffrey Barth

Jeffrey Barth, PhD, is a professor and co-director, Neurocognitive Assessment Laboratory; section head, Neurocognitive Studies in the Department of Psychiatry and Neurobehavioral Sciences, with a joint appointment in the Department of Neurological Surgery, University of Virginia School of Medicine.
Barth_screenshot_PS_1_1.jpg

 







Jeffrey Bazarian

Dr. Bazarian is an emergency physician with a strong research interest in traumatic brain injury. He is associate professor of Emergency Medicine, Neurology, and Neurosurgery at the Center for Neural Development and Disease, University of Rochester Medical Center.
002193_0.jpg

 







Rachel Berger

Rachel Berger MD, MPH is part of the Child Advocacy Center at Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh and a member of the hospital’s Child Protection Team. She has been involved in the evaluation of thousands of children with suspected child abuse and neglect.
Berger photo_0.jpg

 







Jacqueline Borg

Jacquelyn Borg, PhD is a clinical child psychologist and manager of the Department of Neuropsychology and Neurorehabilitation for Children's Specialized Hospital in New Jersey. She is an affiliate member of the medical staff at the Hospital.
Cropped 1_0.jpg

 







Ron Broughton

Ron Broughton, MEd, LPC, CBIS is the chief clinical officer at Brookhaven Hospital was well as chairman of the Ethics and Performance Improvement Committees.
Broughton_0.jpg

 







Janet Brown

Janet Brown, MA, CCC-SLP spent twenty years in practice at the Veterans Administration Medical Center and at the National Rehabilitation Hospital in Washington, DC. She is the current director of Health Care Services at the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association.
00214_1.jpg

 







Celeste  Campbell

Dr. Celeste Campbell is a neuropsychologist in the Polytrauma Program at the Washington, DC Veterans Administration Medical Center. She has a long history of providing cognitive psychotherapy and developing residential behavioral management programs for children and adults.
0037822_0.jpg

 







Robert Cantu

Robert Cantu, MD is chief of Neurosurgery Service, chairman Department of Surgery, and director of Sports Medicine, Emerson Hospital; clinical professor, Department of Neurosurgery, and co-director, Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy, Boston University School of Medicine.
cantu2_0.jpg

 







Casey Case

Casey Case, PhD is vice president of Research at SanBio Inc. SanBio is developing cell therapies for the regeneration of the central nervous system. SanBio’s lead product, SB623, is in a clinical trial for stable stroke. He has 27 issued US patents.
Case Headshot_0.jpg

 







Heechin Chae

Heechin Chae, MD was appointed site director of DVBIC at Fort Belvoir and chief of the Traumatic Brain Injury Department at Fort Belvoir Community Hospital in 2011. He will become the director of the National Intrepid Center of Excellence satellite at Fort Belvoir in 2013.
DrChae_Belvoir_0.jpg

 







David Cifu

David Cifu, MD is chairman of the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU) School of Medicine in Richmond, Virginia, and national director of the PM&R program office for the Veterans Health Administration.
cifu.jpg

 







John Corrigan

Dr. John Corrigan is a professor in the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at Ohio State University, and director of the Ohio Valley Center for Brain Injury Prevention and Rehabilitation. He is the project director for the Ohio Regional Traumatic Brain Injury Model System.
john_corrigan_1.jpg

 







Audrey Daisley

Dr. Audrey Daisley is a consultant clinical neuropsychologist at the Oxford Centre for Enablement, part of Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust. She is the lead clinical psychologist for the unit’s family support service.
Daisley_0.jpg

 







Shana De Caro

Shana De Caro, Esq. is an officer of the American Association for Justice, Traumatic Brain Injury Litigation Group and serves on the Board of Trustees of the Civil Justice Foundation.
SDeCaro_th_1.jpg

 







Jeanne  Dise-Lewis

Jeanne Dise-Lewis, PhD is a child clinical psychologist, director of the Psychology Program for the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine at The Children’s Hospital, and Professor of Psychiatry and Rehabilitation Medicine at the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus.
Dise-Lewis_photo_0.jpg

 







Richard Ellenbogen

Richard Ellenbogen, MD is a University of Washington professor and chairman of the Department of Neurological Surgery. He is chief and attending of neurological surgery, Harborview Medical Center and the co-chair of the NFL's Head, Neck, and Spine Committee.
ellenbogen_0.jpg

 







Inbal Eshel

Inbal Eshel, MA, CCC-SLP is the lead traumatic brain injury speech-language pathologist at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. She provides diagnostic and therapeutic interventions aimed at minimizing cognitive and language deficits and maximizing quality of life.
Inbal-Eshel_headshot_0.jpg

 







Steven Flanagan

Steven Flanagan, MD is professor and chairman of the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, New York University School of Medicine, and the medical director of the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine, New York University Langone Medical Center.
SFlanagan_th copy_1.jpg

 







Caron  Gan

Caron Gan is an RN and Marriage and Family Therapist, registered with the Ontario and American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy.She has worked with clients with brain injury, providing psychotherapeutic intervention to youth, adults, couples, and families.
00194_1.jpg

 







Kelli Gary

Kelli Williams Gary, PhD, MPH, OTR/L is an assistant professor in the department of occupational therapy at Virginia Commonwealth University. She sustained a severe traumatic brain injury in 1991.
Kelli Gary_0.jpg

 







Jamshid Ghajar

Jamshid Ghajar, MD, PhD is chief of Neurosurgery at Jamaica Hospital-Cornell Trauma Center, clinical professor of Neurosurgery at Weill Cornell Medical College and president of the Brain Trauma Foundation.
Ghajar_0.jpg

 







Jane Gillett

Dr. Jane Gillett was a neurologist certified by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada in both pediatric and adult neurology. She created and developed the Pediatric Acquired Brain Injury Community Outreach Program, Children’s Hospital of Western Ontario. She died in 2011.
jane_gillett_1.jpg

 







Gerard Gioia

Gerard Gioia, PhD is a pediatric neuropsychologist and the chief of the Division of Pediatric Neuropsychology at Children's National Medical Center. He is an associate professor of Pediatrics and Psychiatry at the George Washington University School of Medicine.
GGioia_th_1.jpg

 







Ann Glang

Ann Glang, PhD is a research professor and co-director of the Center on Brain Injury Research and Training (CBIRT), a center under the office of Research, Innovation and Graduate Education (RIGE) at the University of Oregon.
ann-glang_1.jpg

 







Emilie Godwin

Emilie Godwin, PhD, LPC, MFT is a faculty member and licensed clinician at Virginia Commonwealth University, with a specialty focus on couples and family counseling after brain injury. Currently, she serves as the Family Support Program Coordinator for the VCU TBI Model System projects.
Emilie Godwin_0.jpg

 







Lee  Goldstein

Dr. Lee Goldstein is an associate professor of Psychiatry, Neurology, Ophthalmology, Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, and Biomedical Engineering at the Alzheimer's Disease Center at Boston University.
LeeGoldstein3_0.jpg

 







Gregory Goodrich

Dr. Goodrich received his PhD in Experimental Psychology in 1974 from Washington State University. His career with the US Department of Veterans Affairs began in 1974 and he is currently supervisory research psychologist (Psychology Service) assigned to the Western Blind Rehabilitation Center.
Gregory Goodrich_1.jpg

 







Wayne Gordon

Wayne Gordon, PhD, ABPP/Cn, is the Jack Nash Professor of Rehabilitation Medicine and associate director of the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. He is a neuropsychologist and the director of the Mount Sinai Brain Injury Research Center.
Wayne-Gordon_1.jpg

 







Jordan Grafman

Jordan Grafman, PhD, is director of Brain Injury Research, Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago. His investigation of brain function and behavior contributes to advances in medicine, rehabilitation, and psychology, and informs ethics, law, philosophy, and health policy. 
Grafman screenshot 1_0.jpg

 







Brian Greenwald

Dr. Brian Greenwald is medical director of Center for Head Injuries and the associate medical director of JFK Johnson Rehabilitation Institute. He is a clinical associate professor in the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at UMDNJ-Robert Wood Johnson Medical School.
BGreenwald2_th_1.jpg

 







Dallas Hack

Col. Dallas C. Hack, MD is director of the Combat Casualty Care Research Program and chair, Joint Program Committee 6 (Combat Casualty Care), U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command, Fort Detrick, MD.
Dallas-Hack_headshot_0.jpg

 







Janna Harris

Dr. Janna Harris received her PhD in Neurobiology from Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, VA. Her doctoral research focused on the role of specific extracellular matrix proteoglycans in adaptive synaptic plasticity following brain trauma.
Janna-Harris_0.jpg

 







Ronald Hayes

Ronald Hayes, PhD is a co-founder and president of Banyan Biomarkers, Inc. He is director of Banyan’s Clinical Programs and Banyan Laboratories.
Hayes_0.jpg

 







Sidney Hinds

Colonel Sidney R. Hinds, MD, MC, US Army National Director became DVBIC’s national director on July 1, 2013. Previously, he was the deputy director of the Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute for Military Medical Operations, the in-theater neurologist in Afghanistan, and chief of Nuclear Medicine Services at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. He was the nuclear medicine integration chief for the Base Realignment and Closure process that combined the former Walter Reed Army Medical Center and National Naval Medical Center.
Hinds_0.jpg

 







Philip Holcombe

Lt. Col. Philip Holcombe is an Army psychologist who serves as the chief of Clinical Recommendations at the Deployment Health Clinical Center at the Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury.
holcombe_0.jpg

 







Gillian  Hotz

Gillian Hotz, PhD is the director of the KiDZ Neuroscience Center and the Concussion, WalkSafe™ & BikeSafe™ Programs in the Department of Neurosurgery & The Miami Project to Cure Paralysis, at University of Miami Miller School of Medicine.
Hotz_headshot_0.jpg

 







David Hovda

David Hovda, PhD is the director of the UCLA Brain Injury Research Center. He is past president of the National Neurotrauma Society and past president of the International Neurotrauma Society.  He has served as chair of study sections for the National Institute for Neurological Disease and Stroke.
Hovda_1.jpg

 







Harvey Jacobs

Harvey Jacobs, PHD has a long history of serving people seeking opportunity who are challenged by disability following neurologic, psychiatric, developmental, medical or physical impairments. He is a partner in Lash and Associates Publishing/Training.

Jacobs_0.jpg

 







Tedd  Judd

Tedd Judd, PhD is adjunct clinical faculty in psychology, University of Washington and adjunct faculty in psychology, Seattle Pacific University. Much of his work has focused on traumatic brain injury rehabilitation.
00195_1.jpg

 







Michael Kaplen

Michael V. Kaplen, Esq. is a partner in the New York law firm, De Caro & Kaplen, LLP. He is the chairperson of the New York State Traumatic Brain Injury Services Coordinating Council and the immediate past president of the Brain Injury Association of New York State.
Kaplen_th_1.jpg

 







James  Kelly

James Kelly, MA, MD, FAAN, a neurologist, is one of America’s top experts on treating concussions. He currently serves as Executive Director of the Marcus Institute for Brain Health.
kelly1_1.jpg

 







Jeffrey  Kreutzer

Jeffrey Kreutzer, PhD is the Rosa Schwarz Cifu Professor of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at Virginia Commonwealth University, Medical College of Virginia Campus, and professor of Neurosurgery and Psychiatry. He is director of Virginia's Traumatic Brain Injury Model System.
002372_0.jpg

 







Alec Lebedun

Alec A. Lebedun, PhD is a clinical neuropsychologist licensed in Virginia. His practice is devoted to the assessment and treatment of brain injured and elderly clients both as outpatients and in inpatient/residential settings.
ALebedun_0.jpg

 







Geoffrey Ling

Geoffrey Ling, MD, PhD is a program manager at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, where he has responsibility for a broad research portfolio. Dr. Ling is an authority on traumatic brain injury, especially as it pertains to the military.
Ling headshot_0.jpg

 







Deborah Little

Deborah Little, PhD is an associate professor of Neurology & Rehabilitation, Anatomy & Cell Biology, Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences, and Psychology at the University of Illinois.
Little-screenshot1_PS_1.jpg

 







Herman Lukow

Herman R. Lukow II, PhD, NCC is a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at VCU Medical Center.  He also provides counseling and psychotherapy to individuals, couples, and families coping with the effects of brain injury.
lukow_0.jpg

 







Kristen  Maisano

Kristen Maisano, OTD is an occupational therapist and the interim director of Rehabilitation Services for the Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, Fort Belvoir Community Hospital in Virginia. She specializes in evaluating and treating military patients with traumatic brain injuries.
maisano_0.jpg

 







James Malec

James Malec, PhD, is professor and research director in the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Indiana University School of Medicine and the Rehabilitation Hospital of Indiana. He is a professor emeritus of psychology at the Mayo Clinic.
Malec_photo_0.jpg

 







Amy Mansue

Amy Mansue is president and chief executive officer of Children's Specialized Hospital. She provides leadership to an extremely skilled team of clinicians and therapists providing specialized care for children.
AmyMansue_0.jpg

 







Donald Marion

Donald Marion, MD, is an academic neurosurgeon who has focused on the clinical pathophysiology and treatment of traumatic brain injury for more than 25 years. He previously served as director of Clinical Affairs for The Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center (DVBIC).
Marion_1_PS_1.jpg

 







Michael Paul Mason

Michael Paul Mason is the founding editor of This Land, a monthly magazine based in Tulsa. Mason's first book, Head Cases: Stories of Brain Injury and Its Aftermath, is an exploration into the harsh realities endured by people with brain injury. 
MM_1.jpg

 







Michael  McCrea

Michael McCrea, PhD is the executive director of the ProHealth Care Research Institute and Neuroscience Center near Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is a board-certified clinical neuropsychologist and has headed up the Neuropsychology Service at Waukesha Memorial Hospital since 1996.
McCrea_screenshot_PS_3_2.jpg

 







Derek  McGinnis

Derek McGinnis is an Iraq War combat veteran serving in the Navy as a Hospital Corpsman. He currently serves combat veterans and their families at the Modesto Vet Center. He advocates for veterans coping with pain through the American Pain Foundation and is the author of a book on pain management.
mcginnis_0.jpg

 







Ann McKee

Ann McKee, MD is the chief neuropathologist for the Framingham Heart Study and the Boston University-based Centenarian Study. She is also the chief neuropathologist for the Boston-based Veterans Administration Medical Centers and for the Sports Legacy Institute.
McKee_screenshot_PS_1_2.jpg

 







Shane McNamee

Shane McNamee, MD serves as chief of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the Richmond VAMC and has worked extensively on the development and implementation of the Polytrauma System of Care in the Veterans Health Administration.
mcnamee_0.jpg

 







Maria  Mouratidis

Dr. Mouratidis is a licensed neuropsychologist and currently the command consultant and subject matter expert for Traumatic Brain Injury and Psychological Health at the National Naval Medical Center.
00212_1.jpg

 







Jenni Ogden

Jenni Ogden holds a PhD in psychology, further postgraduate qualifications in clinical psychology and neuropsychology, and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand.
JenniOgden_PS_0.jpg

 







Jean Orman

Jean Langlois Orman, MPH, ScD is currently the chief of Statistics and Epidemiology at the US Army Institute of Surgical Research in San Antonio, Texas.
Jean Orman;jpg_0.jpg

 







Anthony Panettiere

Anthony Panettiere, MD is neurologist and sleep medicine physician at the National Intrepid Center of Excellence (NICoE) at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. He is a retired Navy Captain who served 25 years on active duty.
Panettiere_0.jpg

 







Elaine Phillips

Elaine Phillips, MSP, CCC-SLP has more than 17 years of experience in the field of brain injury, both as a speech-language pathologist as well as managing the outpatient brain injury rehabilitation program at Roger C. Peace Rehabilitation Hospital in Greenville, SC.
00216_1.jpg

 







David Poulsen

In 2001, Dr. Poulsen joined the Montana Neuroscience Institute as a research assistant professor in the Department of Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Sciences at The University of Montana and as a Translational Research Scientist with St. Patrick Hospital and Health Sciences Center.
Poulsen screenshot 3_0.jpg

 







Elliiot Roth

Elliot Roth, MD is the Paul B. Magnuson Professor and chairman of the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, and chairman of the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
Roth_headshot_0.jpg

 







Michael  Roy

Michael Roy, MD, Col. (Ret.) is professor of Medicine and director of the Division of Military Internal Medicine at Uniformed Services University and director of Recruitment for USU's Center for Neuroscience and Regenerative Medicine.
Roy_0.jpg

 







Joel Scholten

Joel Scholten, MD is associate chief of staff for Rehab Services at the Washington, DC VA Medical Center. He also works in VA Central Office within the PM&R Program Office as the national director of Special Projects.
Joel-Scholten_headshot_0.jpg

 







Beverly Scott

Col. Beverly Scott, MD currently serves as chief of the Neurology Service and Neuro-Ophthalmology staff at Madigan Army Medical Center. Current academic interests include posttraumatic migraine and co-morbidities associated with concussion.
Beverly-Scott_0.jpg

 







Deborah Shear

Deborah Shear, PhD is the section chief for the in vivo Neuroprotection Labs, Brain Trauma Neuroprotection & Neurorestoration Branch; Center of Excellence for Psychiatry & Neuroscience at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) in Silver Spring, MD.
Shear-headshot_0.jpg

 







Jonathan Silver

Jonathan Silver, MD is a clinical professor of Psychiatry at New York University School of Medicine. He pursues clinical and research interests in neuropsychiatric problems after traumatic brain injury and their pharmacologic treatment.
silver screen capture_0.jpg

 







Marilyn Spivack

Marilyn Price Spivack is the neurotrauma outreach coordinator at Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital in Boston. She is the co-founder and past president of the National Head Injury Foundation, now known as the Brain Injury Association of America. Her daughter sustained a severe TBI in 1975.
spivack_0.jpg

 







Taryn Stejskal

Taryn Stejskal, PhD is a licensed marriage and family therapist and the founder and president of Wellness Strategies, P.C.; a private practice specifically developed to meet the unique needs of individuals, couples, and families after one person has sustained a neurological injury.

Taryn-headshot_0.jpg

 







Katherine Sullivan

Kate Sullivan, MS is a speech-language pathologist and director of the Brain Fitness Center at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center Bethesda. In 2009, she helped launch the Brain Fitness Center, devised as an adjunct to traditional cognitive therapies offered by Speech and Occupational Therapy.
Kate-Sullivan_0.jpg

 







Frank Tortella

Frank Tortella, ST, PhD serves as the U.S. Army’s Medical Research and Material Command’s subject matter expert on neurotrauma and neuroprotection research for a diverse range of insults to include traumatic brain injury, concussions, and the neurological effects of blast exposure.
Torella phooto_0.jpg

 







Jack Tsao

Jack Tsao, MD, DPhil, CAPT, MC, USN is a United States Navy neurologist and the director of Traumatic Brain Injury Programs for the US Navy Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, professor of Neurology at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, and fellow of the American Academy of Neurology.
Tsao_0.jpg

 







Anand Veeravagu

Anand Veeravagu, MD is a neurosurgeon in training at Stanford University School of Medicine. He is a former White House fellow and special assistant to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel. He previously served as chief neurosurgery resident at the Palo Alto Veterans Affairs Hospital.
anand veeravagu fountain_0.jpg

 







Marlena Wald

Marlena M. Wald, MPH, MLS is an epidemiologist in the Division of Injury Response in the National Center for Injury Control and Prevention (NCIPC). Her areas of research include acute care, traumatic brain injury, and substance issues related to both of these topics.
wald screen capture_0.jpg

 







Nadia Webb

Nadia Webb, PsyD runs the Pediatric Neuropsychology Post-Doctoral Program at Children's Hospital of New Orleans in addition to maintaining a small private practice. She is the executive director of the American Board of Pediatric Neuropsychology. 
webb_0.jpg

 







Van Wedeen

Van Wedeen, MD is associate professor in Radiology at Harvard Medical School, assistant neuroscientist at Massachusetts General Hospital, and director of Connectomics at Martinos Center, Department of Radiology, Massachusetts General Hospital. 
Van Wedeen_0.jpg

 







Robin Weinick

Robin M. Weinick, PhD is an associate director of RAND Health, one of the largest private health research groups in the world and RAND’s largest operating division.
weinick_robin_headshot_1_0.jpg

 







David Wright

David Wright, MD is a tenured associate professor in the Department of Emergency Medicine, Emory University, and the director of the division of Emergency Neurosciences.
Wright_0.jpg

 







Jeffrey Yarvis

Lt. Col. Jeffrey Yarvis, PhD is the first integrated service chief of the Fort Belvoir Community Hospital. He is an assistant professor of Family Medicine and director of Social Work at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
Yarvis_0.jpg

 







Mariann Young

Mariann Young, PhD, CBIS, is a licensed clinical psychologist who has worked with children, adolescents and young adults with TBIs for over 20 years initially at Children’s Hospital of Michigan and currently at Rainbow Rehabilitation Centers, Inc. 
Young pic_0.jpg

 







Nathan Zasler

Nathan Zasler, MD is CEO and medical director for Concussion Care Centre of Virginia, Ltd. as well as CEO and medical director for Tree of Life Services, Inc.  He is board certified in physical medicine and rehabilitation and fellowship trained in brain injury.
002222_0.jpg

 




 





Supported in part by a generous grant from:
 


Advertisement





 










This program is made possible in part by a grant from the Bob Woodruff Foundation, which is dedicated to ensuring that post-9/11 injured service members, veterans, and their families make a successful transition.© 2017 WETA All Rights Reserved | Contact Us 







David A. Hovda, PhD - UCLA Neurosurgery, Los Angeles, CA









































UCLA HealthmyUCLAhealthSchool of Medicine




























UCLA Neurosurgery

















Hovda, David | UCLA NSIDP





















Skip to main content








Search form

Search 





 





Graduate ProgramCurrent
Prospective

Research & Faculty
News & Events
Grants & Fellowships
Journal Clubs
Outreach
Career & Alumni
About Us
 








Hovda, David



Login to edit your profile page


Titles

Professor,
								NeurosurgeryMolecular & Medical PharmacologyMember,
								Brain Research InstituteNeuroscience GPB Home Area 


Contact Information

Email
	  dhovda@mednet.ucla.edu    

Phone

Lab Number:
			
					310-825-8646Office Phone Number:
			
					310-206-3480


Address

Laboratory Address:
				Laboratory58-125 BRILos Angeles, CA 90095UNITED STATES
					
Office Address:
				Office300 Stein Plaza, Rm 562Los Angeles, CA 90095UNITED STATES
					



Website
http://neurosurgery.ucla.edu/body.cfm?id=657 






Publications



	Greco Tiffany, Hovda David A, Prins Mayumi L  
	Adolescent TBI-induced hypopituitarism causes sexual dysfunction in 
adult male rats
	Developmental neurobiology,
	2015; 75(2): 
	193-202.
	


	Glenn Thomas C, Martin Neil A, Horning Michael A, McArthur David L, Hovda David, Vespa Paul M, Brooks George A  
	Lactate: Brain Fuel in Human Traumatic Brain Injury. A Comparison to 
Normal Healthy Control Subjects
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2015; 75(2): 
	.
	


	Glenn Thomas C, Martin Neil A, McArthur David L, Hovda David, Vespa Paul M, Horning Michael A, Johnson Matthew L, Brooks George A  
	Endogenous nutritive support following traumatic brain injury: 
peripheral lactate production for glucose supply via gluconeogenesis
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2014; 75(2): 
	.
	


	Giza Christopher C, Hovda David A  
	The new neurometabolic cascade of concussion
	Neurosurgery,
	2014; 75 Suppl 4(2): 
	S24-33.
	


	Poulos Andrew M, Reger Maxine, Mehta Nehali, Zhuravka Irina, Sterlace Sarah S, Gannam Camille, Hovda David A, Giza Christopher C, Fanselow Michael S  
	Amnesia for early life stress does not preclude the adult development 
of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms in rats
	Biological psychiatry,
	2014; 76(4): 
	306-14.
	


	Thomsen Gretchen M, Le Belle Janel E, Harnisch Jessica A, Mc Donald Whitney S, Hovda David A, Sofroniew Michael V, Kornblum Harley I, Harris Neil G  
	Traumatic brain injury reveals novel cell lineage relationships within 
the subventricular zone
	Stem cell research,
	2014; 13(1): 
	48-60.
	


	Griesbach Grace S, Tio Delia L, Nair Shyama, Hovda David A  
	Recovery of stress response coincides with responsiveness to voluntary 
exercise after traumatic brain injury
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2014; 31(7): 
	674-82.
	


	Slobounov Semyon, Bazarian Jeff, Bigler Erin, Cantu Robert, Hallett Mark, Harbaugh Robert, Hovda David, Mayer Andrew R, Nuwer Marc R, Kou Zhifeng, Lazzarino Giuseppe, Papa Linda, Vagnozzi Roberto  
	Sports-related concussion: ongoing debate
	British journal of sports medicine,
	2014; 48(2): 
	75-6.
	


	Hovda David A  
	The neurophysiology of concussion
	Progress in neurological surgery,
	2014; 28(2): 
	28-37.
	


	Greco Tiffany, Hovda David, Prins Mayumi  
	The effects of repeat traumatic brain injury on the pituitary in 
adolescent rats
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2013; 30(23): 
	1983-90.
	


	Moro Nobuhiro, Ghavim Sima, Harris Neil G, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Glucose administration after traumatic brain injury improves cerebral 
metabolism and reduces secondary neuronal injury
	Brain research,
	2013; 1535(23): 
	124-36.
	


	Wright Matthew J, McArthur David L, Alger Jeffry R, Van Horn Jack, Irimia Andrei, Filippou Maria, Glenn Thomas C, Hovda David A, Vespa Paul  
	Early metabolic crisis-related brain atrophy and cognition in 
traumatic brain injury
	Brain imaging and behavior,
	2013; 7(3): 
	307-15.
	


	Di Pietro Valentina, Amorini Angela M, Tavazzi Barbara, Hovda David A, Signoretti Stefano, Giza Christopher C, Lazzarino Giacomo, Vagnozzi Roberto, Lazzarino Giuseppe, Belli Antonio  
	Potentially neuroprotective gene modulation in an in vitro model of 
mild traumatic brain injury
	Molecular and cellular biochemistry,
	2013; 375(1-2): 
	185-98.
	


	Wu Hsiao-Ming, Huang Sung-Cheng, Vespa Paul, Hovda David A, Bergsneider Marvin  
	Redefining the pericontusional penumbra following traumatic brain 
injury: evidence of deteriorating metabolic derangements based on 
positron emission tomography
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2013; 30(5): 
	352-60.
	


	Glenn Thomas C, Hirt Daniel, Mendez Gustavo, McArthur David L, Sturtevant Rachael, Wolahan Stephanie, Fazlollahi Farbod, Ordon Matthew, Bilgin-Freiert Arzu, Ellingson Ben, Vespa Paul, Hovda David A, Martin Neil A  
	Metabolomic analysis of cerebral spinal fluid from patients with 
severe brain injury
	Acta neurochirurgica. Supplement,
	2013; 118(4): 
	115-9.
	


	Griesbach Grace S, Tio Delia L, Nair Shyama, Hovda David A  
	Temperature and heart rate responses to exercise following mild 
traumatic brain injury
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2013; 30(4): 
	281-91.
	


	Prins Mayumi L, Alexander Daya, Giza Christopher C, Hovda David A  
	Repeated mild traumatic brain injury: mechanisms of cerebral 
vulnerability
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2013; 30(1): 
	30-8.
	


	Choe Meeryo C, Babikian Talin, DiFiori John, Hovda David A, Giza Christopher C  
	A pediatric perspective on concussion pathophysiology
	Current opinion in pediatrics,
	2012; 24(6): 
	689-95.
	


	Irimia Andrei, Wang Bo, Aylward Stephen R, Prastawa Marcel W, Pace Danielle F, Gerig Guido, Hovda David A, Kikinis Ron, Vespa Paul M, Van Horn John D  
	Neuroimaging of structural pathology and connectomics in traumatic 
brain injury: Toward personalized outcome prediction
	NeuroImage. Clinical,
	2012; 1(1): 
	1-17.
	


	Glenn Thomas C, Sherma Arun K, McArthur David L, Hu Xiao, Hanuscin Christopher R, Furreedan Mehjabeen S, Hovda David A, Vespa Paul M, Martin Neil A  
	The linear relationship between transcranial Doppler pulsatility 
indices and intracranial pressure is influenced by traumatic brain 
injury and vasospasm
	Acta neurochirurgica. Supplement,
	2012; 114(6): 
	11-5.
	


	Vespa Paul, McArthur David L, Stein Nathan, Huang Sung-Cheng, Shao Weber, Filippou Maria, Etchepare Maria, Glenn Thomas, Hovda David A  
	Tight glycemic control increases metabolic distress in traumatic brain 
injury: a randomized controlled within-subjects trial
	Critical care medicine,
	2012; 40(6): 
	1923-9.
	


	Reger Maxine L, Poulos Andrew M, Buen Floyd, Giza Christopher C, Hovda David A, Fanselow Michael S  
	Concussive brain injury enhances fear learning and excitatory 
processes in the amygdala
	Biological psychiatry,
	2012; 71(4): 
	335-43.
	


	Irimia Andrei, Chambers Micah C, Torgerson Carinna M, Filippou Maria, Hovda David A, Alger Jeffry R, Gerig Guido, Toga Arthur W, Vespa Paul M, Kikinis Ron, Van Horn John D  
	Patient-tailored connectomics visualization for the assessment of 
white matter atrophy in traumatic brain injury
	Frontiers in neurology,
	2012; 3(4): 
	10.
	


	Deng-Bryant Ying, Prins Mayumi L, Hovda David A, Harris Neil G  
	Ketogenic diet prevents alterations in brain metabolism in young but 
not adult rats after traumatic brain injury
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2011; 28(9): 
	1813-25.
	


	Moro Nobuhiro, Ghavim Sima S, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Delayed sodium pyruvate treatment improves working memory following 
experimental traumatic brain injury
	Neuroscience letters,
	2011; 491(2): 
	158-62.
	


	Cazalis Fabienne, Babikian Talin, Giza Christopher, Copeland Sarah, Hovda David, Asarnow Robert F  
	Pivotal role of anterior cingulate cortex in working memory after 
traumatic brain injury in youth
	Frontiers in neurology,
	2011; 1(2): 
	158.
	


	Barkhoudarian Garni, Hovda David A, Giza Christopher C  
	The molecular pathophysiology of concussive brain injury
	Clinics in sports medicine,
	2011; 30(1): 
	33-48, vii-iii.
	


	Bartnik-Olson Brenda L, Oyoyo Udochukwu, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Astrocyte oxidative metabolism and metabolite trafficking after fluid 
percussion brain injury in adult rats
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2010; 27(12): 
	2191-202.
	


	Harris Neil G, Mironova Yevgeniya A, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Chondroitinase ABC enhances pericontusion axonal sprouting but does 
not confer robust improvements in behavioral recovery
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2010; 27(11): 
	1971-82.
	


	Xu Yueqiao, McArthur David L, Alger Jeffry R, Etchepare Maria, Hovda David A, Glenn Thomas C, Huang Sungcheng, Dinov Ivo, Vespa Paul M  
	Early nonischemic oxidative metabolic dysfunction leads to chronic 
brain atrophy in traumatic brain injury
	Journal of cerebral blood flow and metabolism : official journal of the International Society of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism,
	2010; 30(4): 
	883-94.
	


	Babikian Talin, Prins Mayumi L, Cai Yan, Barkhoudarian Garni, Hartonian Ivet, Hovda David A, Giza Christopher C  
	Molecular and physiological responses to juvenile traumatic brain 
injury: focus on growth and metabolism
	Developmental neuroscience,
	2010; 32(5-6): 
	431-41.
	


	Harris Neil G, Mironova Yevgeniya A, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Pericontusion axon sprouting is spatially and temporally consistent 
with a growth-permissive environment after traumatic brain injury
	Journal of neuropathology and experimental neurology,
	2010; 69(2): 
	139-54.
	


	Reger Maxine L, Hovda David A, Giza Christopher C  
	Ontogeny of Rat Recognition Memory measured by the novel object 
recognition task
	Developmental psychobiology,
	2009; 51(8): 
	672-8.
	


	Griesbach Grace Sophia, Hovda David Allen, Gomez-Pinilla Fernando  
	Exercise-induced improvement in cognitive performance after traumatic 
brain injury in rats is dependent on BDNF activation
	Brain research,
	2009; 1288(8): 
	105-15.
	


	Fukushima Masamichi, Lee Stefan M, Moro Nobuhiro, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Metabolic and histologic effects of sodium pyruvate treatment in the 
rat after cortical contusion injury
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2009; 26(7): 
	1095-110.
	


	Marklund, Sihver, Hovda, Långström, Watanabe, Ronquist, Bergström, Hillered  
	INCREASED CEREBRAL UPTAKE OF [18F]FLUORO-DEOXYGLUCOSE BUT NOT 
[1-14C]GLUCOSE EARLY FOLLOWING TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY IN RATS
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2009;  
	.
	


	Appelberg K Sofia, Hovda David A, Prins Mayumi L  
	The effects of a ketogenic diet on behavioral outcome after controlled 
cortical impact injury in the juvenile and adult rat
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2009; 26(4): 
	497-506.
	


	Prins Mayumi L, Hovda David A  
	THE EFFECTS OF AGE AND KETOGENIC DIET ON LOCAL CEREBRAL METABOLIC RATES OF GLUCOSE AFTER CONTROLLED CORTICAL IMPACT INJURY IN RATS
	Journal of neurotrauma,
	2009; 26(4): 
	.
	


	Griesbach Grace S, Sutton Ricihard L, Hovda David A, Ying Zhe, Gomez-Pinilla Fernando  
	Controlled contusion injury alters molecular systems associated with cognitive performance
	Journal of neuroscience research,
	2008; 87(3): 
	795-805.
	


	Marcoux Judith, McArthur David A, Miller Chad, Glenn Thomas C, Villablanca Pablo, Martin Neil A, Hovda David A, Alger Jeffry R, Vespa Paul M  
	Persistent metabolic crisis as measured by elevated cerebral 
microdialysis lactate-pyruvate ratio predicts chronic frontal lobe 
brain atrophy after traumatic brain injury
	Critical care medicine,
	2008; 36(10): 
	2871-7.
	


	Aoyama Naoki, Lee Stefan M, Moro Nobuhiro, Hovda David A, Sutton Richard L  
	Duration of ATP reduction affects extent of CA1 cell death in rat 
models of fluid percussion injury combined with secondary ischemia
	Brain research,
	2008; 1230(3): 
	310-9.
	


	O'Phelan Kristine, McArthur David L, Chang Cherylee W J, Green Deborah, Hovda David A  
	The impact of substance abuse on mortality in patients with severe 
traumatic brain injury
	The Journal of trauma,
	2008; 65(3): 
	674-7.
	


	Griesbach GS, Hovda DA, Gomez-Pinilla F, Sutton RL.  
	Voluntary exercise or amphetamine, but not the comination, increases hippocampal BDNF and synapsin 1 following cortical contusion injury in rats,
	Neuroscience,
	2008; 154(2): 
	530-540.
	


	Bartnik BL, Bassilian S, Hovda DA, Lee WNP  
	Glucose Metabolism after Traumatic Brain Injury: Estimation of Pyruvate Carboxylase and Pyruvate Dehydrongenase Flux by Mass Isotopomer Analysis,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2007; 24(1): 
	181-194.
	


	Dusick J, Glenn T, Lee W-N, Vespa P, Kelly D, Lee S, Hovda D, Martin N  
	Increased Pentose Phosphate Pathway Flux Following Clinical Traumatic Brain Injury: A [1,2-13C2]-Glucose Labeling Study in Humans,
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism,
	2007; 27(9): 
	1593-1602.
	


	Vespa PM, Miller C, McArthur D, Eliseo M, Etchepare M, Hirt D, Glenn TC, Martin N, Hovda D  
	Nonconvuulsive Electrographic Seizures after Traumatic Brain Injury Result in a Delayed, Prolonged Increase in Intracranial Pressure and Metabolic Crisis,
	Critical Care Medicine,
	2007; 35(12): 
	2830-2836.
	


	Vespa PM, O'Phelan K, McArthur D, Miller C, Eliseo M, Hirt D, Glenn T, Hovda DA  
	Pericontusional Brain Tissue Exhibits Persistent Elevation of Lactate/Pyruvate Ratio Independent of Cerebral Perfusion Pressure,
	Critical Care Medicine,
	2007; 35(4): 
	1153-1160.
	


	Bartnik BL, Lee SM, Hovda DA, Sutton RL  
	The Fate of Glucose During the Period of Decreased Metabolism after Fluid Percussion Injury: A 13C NMR Study,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2007; 24(7): 
	1079-1092.
	


	Griesbach GS, Gomez-Pinilla F, Hovda DA  
	Time Window for Voluntary Exercise-Induced Increases in Hippocampal Neuroplasticity Molecules after Traumatic Brain Injury is Severity Dependent,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2007; 24(7): 
	1161-1171.
	


	Myer DJ, Gurkoff GG, Norton D, Lee SM, Hovda DA, Sofroniew MV  
	Essential Protective Roles of Reactive Astrocytes in Traumatic Brain Injury,
	Brain,
	2006; 129: 
	2761-2772.
	


	Rassovsky Y, Satz P, Alfano MS, Light RK, Zaucha K, McArthur DL, Hovda D  
	Functional Outcome in TBI I: Neuropsychological, Emotional, and Behavioral Mediators,
	Journal of Clinical and Experimental Neuropsychology,
	2006; 28(4): 
	567-580.
	


	Rassovsky Y, Satz P, Alfano MS, Light RK, Zaucha K, McArthur DL, Hovda D.  
	Functional Outcome in TBI II: Verbal Memory and Information Processing Speed Mediators,
	Journal of Clinical and Experimental Neuropsychology,
	2006; 28(4): 
	581-591.
	


	Vespa P, Boonyaputthikul R, McArthur DL, Miller C, Etchepare M, Bergsneider M, Glenn T, Martin N, Hovda D.  
	Intensive Insulin Therapy Reduced Microdialysis Glucose Values Without Altering Glucose Utilization or Improving the Lactate/Pyruvate Ratio after Traumatic Brain Injury
	Critical Care Medicine,
	2006; 34(3): 
	850-856.
	


	Gurkoff GG, Giza CC, Hovda DA.  
	Lateral Fluid Percussion Injury in the Developing Rat Causes an Acute, Mild Behavioral Dysfunction in the Absence of Significant Cell Death
	Brain Research,
	2006; 1077(1): 
	24-36.
	


	Hovda DA, Villablanca JR, Chugani HT, Barrio JR  
	Metabolic Maturation of the Brain: A Study of Local Cerebral Protein Synthesis in the Developing Cat,
	Brain Research,
	2006; 1113(1): 
	54-63.
	


	Giza CC, Santa Maria NS, Hovda DA  
	N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Subunit Changes Following Traumatic Injury to the Developing Brain,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2006; 23(6): 
	950-961.
	


	Ben Simon GJ, Hovda DA, Harris NG, Gomez-Pinilla F, Goldberg RA  
	Traumatic brain injury induced neuroprotection of retinal ganglion cells to optic nerve crush,
	J Neurotrauma,
	2006; 23(7): 
	1072-82.
	


	Maeda T, Lee SM, Hovda, DA.  
	Restoration of Cerebral Vasoreactivity by an L-Type Calcium Channel Blocker Following Fluid Percussion Brain Injury
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2005; 22(7): 
	763-71.
	


	Prins ML, Fujima LS, Hovda DA.  
	Age-Dependent Reduction of Cortical Contusion Volume by Ketones Following Traumatic Brain Injury
	Journal of Neuroscience Research,
	2005; 82: 
	413-420.
	


	Thompson HJ, Lifshitz J, Marklund N, Grady MS, Graham DI, Hovda DA, McIntosh TK  
	Lateral Fluid Percussion Brain Injury: A 15-Year Review and Evaluation,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2005; 22(1): 
	42-75.
	


	Vespa P, Bergsneider M, Hattori N, Wu C, Huang S-C, Martin NA, Glenn T, McArthur DL, Hovda DA.  
	Metabollic Crisis Without Brain Ischemia is Common after Traumatic Brain Injury: A Combined Microdialysis and Positron Emission Tomography Study
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism,
	2005; 25(6): 
	763-774.
	


	Nuwer MR, Hovda DA, Schrader LM, Vespa PM.  
	Routine and Quantitative EEG in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
	Clinical Neuropsysiology,
	2005; 116(9): 
	2001-2025.
	


	Hillered L, Vespa PM, Hovda DA.  
	Translational Neurochemical Research in Acute Human Brain Injury: The Current Status and Potential Future for Cerebral Microdialysis
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2005; 22(1): 
	3-41.
	


	Bartnik BL, Sutton RL, Fukushima M, Harris NG, Hovda DA, Lee SM  
	Upregulation of Pentose Phosphate Pathway and Preservation of Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle Flux after Experimental Brain Injury,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2005; 22(10): 
	1052-1065.
	


	Giza CC, Griesbach GS, Hovda DA.  
	Experience-Dependent Behavioral Plasticity is Disturbed Following Traumatic Injury to the Immature Brain
	Behavioural Brain Research,
	2005; 157(1): 
	11-22.
	


	Thompson, HJ Lifshitz, J Marklund, N Grady, MS Graham, DI Hovda, DA McIntosh, TK.  
	Lateral fluid percussion brain injury: a 15-year review and evaluation
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2005; 22(1): 
	42-75.
	


	Wu HM, Huang SC, Hattori N, Glenn TC, Vespa PM, Hovda DA, Bergsneider M.  
	Subcortical White Matter Metabolic Changes Remote From Focal Hemorrhagic Lesions Suggest Diffuse Injury After Human Traumatic Brain Injury
	Neurosurgery,
	2004; 55(6): 
	1306-15; discussio 1316-7.
	


	Li HH, Lee SM, Cai Y, Sutton RL, Hovda DA.  
	Differential Gene Expression in Hippocampus Following Experimental Brain Trauma Reveals Distinct Features of Moderate and Severe Injuries
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2004; 21(9): 
	1141-53.
	


	Lifshitz J, Sullivan PG, Hovda DA, Wieloch T, McIntosh TK.  
	Mitochondrial Damage and Dysfunction in Traumatic Brain Injury
	Mitochondrion,
	2004; 4(5-6): 
	705-13.
	


	Griesbach GS, Gomez-Pinilla F, Hovda DA.  
	The Upregulation of Plasticity-Related Proteins Following TBI is Disrupted with Acute Voluntary Exercise
	Brain Research,
	2004; 1016(2): 
	154-62.
	


	Hattori N, Bergsneider M, Wu HM, Glenn TC, Vespa PM, Hovda DA, Phelps ME, Huang SC.  
	Accuracy of a Method Using Short Inhalation of [15]O-O2 for Measuring Cerebral Oxygen Extraction Fraction with PET in Healthy Humans,
	Journal of Nuclear Medicine,
	2004; 45: 
	765-770.
	


	Hattori N, Huang SC, Wu HM, Liao W, Glenn TC, Vespa PM, Phelps ME, Hovda DA, Bergsneider M.  
	Acute Changes in Regional Cerebral [18]F-FDG Kinetics in Patients with Traumatic Brain Injury,
	Journal of Nuclear Medicine,
	2004; 45: 
	775-783.
	


	Prins ML, Lee SM, Fujima LS, Hovda DA.  
	Increased Cerebral Uptake and Oxidation of Exogenous Beta HB Improves ATP Following Traumatic Brain Injury in Adult Rats
	Journal of Neuroschemistry,
	2004; 90: 
	666-672.
	


	Osteen CL, Giza CC, Hovda DA.  
	Injury-Induced Alterations in N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Subunit Composition Contribute to Prolonged [45]Calcium Accumulation Following Lateral Fluid Percussion
	Neuroscience,
	2004; 128: 
	305-322.
	


	Griesbach, GS Hovda, DA Molteni, R Wu, A Gomez-Pinilla, F.  
	Voluntary Exercise Following Traumatic Brain Injury: Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Upregulation and Recovery of Function
	Neuroscience,
	2004; 125(1): 
	129-39.
	


	Kozlowski DA, Nahed BV, Hovda DA, Lee SM.  
	Paradoxical Effects of Cortical Impact Injury on Environmentally Enriched Rats
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2004; 21(5): 
	513-519.
	


	Wu HM, Huang SC, Hattori N, Glenn TC, Vespa PM, Yu CL, Hovda DA, Phelps ME, Bergsneider M.  
	Selective Metabolic Reduction in Gray Matter Acutely Following Human Traumatic Brain Injury
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2004; 21(2): 
	149-161.
	


	Glenn TC, Kelly DF, Boscardin WJ, McArthur DL, Vespa P, Oertel M, Hovda DA, Bergsneider M, Hillered L, Martin NA.  
	Energy Dysfunction as a Predictor of Outcome After Moderate or Severe Head Injury: Indices of Oxygen, Glucose, and Lactate Metabolism
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism,
	2003; 23(10): 
	1239-1250.
	


	Hattori N, Huang SC, Wu HM, Yeh E, Glenn TC, Vespa PM, Phelps ME, Hovda DA, Bergsneider M.  
	Correlation of Regional Metabolic Rates of Glucose with Glasgow Coma Scale Following Traumatic Brain Injury,
	Journal of Nuclear Medicine,
	2003; 44(11): 
	1709-1716.
	


	Wu HM, Bergsneider M, Glenn T, Yeh E, Hovda DA, Phelps ME, Huang SC.  
	Measurement of the Global Lumped Constant for 2-Deoxy-2[18F]Fluoro-D-Glucose in Normal Human Brain Using [15O]Water and 2-Deoxy-2[18F]Fluoro-D-Glucose Positron Emission Tomography Imaging: A Method with Validation Based on Multiple Methodologies,
	Molecular Imaging and Biology,
	2003; 5(1): 
	32-41.
	


	Ip EY, Roncati-Zanier E, Moore AH, Lee SM, Hovda DA.  
	Metabolic, Neurochemical, and Histological Responses to Vibrissa Motor Cortex Stimulation Following Traumatic Brain Injury
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism,
	2003; 23(8): 
	900-910.
	


	Vespa PM, McArthur D, O'Phelan K, Glenn T, Etchepare M, Kelly D, Bergsneider M, Martin NA, Hovda DA.  
	Persistently Low Extracellular Glucose Correlates with Poor Outcome at Six Months After Human Traumatic Brain Injury Despite a Lack of Increased Lactate: A Microdialysis Study
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism,
	2003; 23(7): 
	865-877.
	


	Zanier ER, Lee SM, Vespa PM, Giza CC, Hovda DA.  
	Increased Hippocampal CA3 Vulnerability to Low-Level Kainic Acid Following Lateral Fluid Percussion Injury
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2003; 20(5): 
	409-420.
	


	Prins ML, Hovda DA.  
	Developing Experimental Models to Address Traumatic Brain Injury in Children
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2003; 20(2): 
	123-137.
	


	Taylor AN, Romeo HE, Beylin AV, Tio DL, Rahman SU, Hovda DA.  
	Alcohol Consumption in Traumatic Brain Injury: Attenuation of TBI-Induced Hyperthermia and Neurocognitive Deficits
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2002; 19(12): 
	1597-1608.
	


	Oertel M, Kelly DF, Lee JH, McArthur DL, Glenn TC, Vespa P, Boscardin WJ, Hovda DA, Martin NA.  
	Efficacy of Hyperventilation, Blood Pressure Elevation, and Metabolic Suppression Therapy in Controlling Intracranial Pressure After Head Injury
	Journal of Neurosurgery,
	2002; 97(5): 
	1045-1053.
	


	Griesbach GS, Hovda DA, Molteni R, Gomez-Pinilla F.  
	Alterations in BDNF and Synapsin I Within the Occipital Cortex and Hippocampus After Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in the Developing Rat: Reflections of Injury-Induced Neuroplasticity
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2002; 19(7): 
	803-814.
	


	Vespa PM, Boscardin WJ, Hovda DA, McArthur DL, Nuwer MR, Martin NA, Nenov V, Glenn TC, Bergsneider M, Kelly DF, Becker DP.  
	Early and Persistent Impaired Percent Alpha Variability on Continuous Electroencephalography Monitoring as Predictive of Poor Outcome After Traumatic Brain Injury
	Journal of Neurosurgery,
	2002; 97(1): 
	84-92.
	


	Naryan RK, Michel ME, Ansell B, Baethmann A, Biegon A, Bracken MB, Bullock MR, Choi SC, Clifton GL, Contant CF, Coplin WM, Dietrich WD, Ghajar J, Grady SM, Grossman RG, Hall ED, Heetderks W, Hovda DA, Jallo J, Katz RL, Knoller N, Kochanek PM, Maas AI, Majde J, Marion DW, Marmarou A, Marshall LF, McIntosh TK, Miller E, Mohberg N, Muizelaar JP, Pitts LH, Quinn P, Riesenfeld G, Rovertson CS, Strauss KI, Teasdale G, Temkin N, Tuma R, Wade C, Walker MD, Weinrich M, Whyte J, Wilberger J, Young AB, Yurkewicz L.  
	Clinical Trials in Head Injury
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2002; 19(5): 
	503-557.
	


	Ip EY, Giza CC, Griesbach GS, Hovda DA.  
	Effects of Enriched Environment and Fluid Percussion Injury on Dendritic Arborization Within the Cerebral Cortex of the Developing Rat
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2002; 19(5): 
	573-585.
	


	Giza CC, Prins ML, Hovda DA, Herschman HR, Feldman JD.  
	Genes Preferentially Induced by Depolarization After Concussive Brain Injury: Effects of Age and Injury Severity
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2002; 19(4): 
	387-402.
	


	Glenn TC, Patel AB, Martin NA, Samii A, De Jesus C, Hovda DA.  
	Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Induces Dynamic Changes in Regional Cerebral Metabolism in Rats
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2002; 19(4): 
	449-466.
	


	Peek-Asa C, McArthur D, Hovda D, Kraus J.  
	Early Predictors of Mortality in Penetrating Compared with Closed Brain Injury
	Brain Injury,
	2001; 15(9): 
	801-810.
	


	Giza, CC Hovda, DA  
	The Neurometabolic Cascade of Concussion
	Sport-Related Concussion: Journal of Athletic Training,
	2001; 36(3): 
	228-235.
	


	Marklund N, Clausen F, Lewen A, Hovda DA, Olsson Y, Hillered L.  
	Alpha-Phenyl-tert-N-Butyl Nitrone (PBN) Improves Functional and Morphological Outcome After Cortical Contusion Injury in the Rat
	Acta Neurochir,
	2001; 143: 
	73-81.
	


	Bergsneider M, Hovda DA, McArthur DL, Etchepare M, Huang SC, Sehati N, Satz P, Phelps ME, Becker DP.  
	Metabolic Recovery Following Human Traumatic Brain Injury Based on FDG-PET: Time Course and Relationship to Neurological Disability
	The Journal of Head Trauma Rehabilitation,
	2001; 16(2): 
	135-148.
	


	Osteen CL, Moore AH, Prins ML, Hovda DA.  
	Age-Dependency of 45Calcium Accumulation Following Lateral Fluid Percussion: Acute and Delayed Patterns
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2001; 18(2): 
	141-162.
	


	Prins ML, Hovda DA.  
	Mapping Cerebral Glucose Metabolism During Spatial Learning: Interactions of Development and Traumatic Brain Injury
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2001; 18(1): 
	31-46.
	


	Fineman I, Giza CC, Nahed BV, Lee SM, Hovda DA.  
	Inhibition of Neocortial Plasticity During Development by a Moderate Concussive Brain Injury,
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	2000; 17: 
	739-749.
	


	Steinsapir, KD Goldberg, RA Sinha, S Hovda, DA.  
	Methylprednisolone Exacerbates Axonal Loss Following Optic Nerve Trauma in Rats
	Restorative Neurology and Neuroscience,
	2000; 17(4): 
	157-163.
	


	Moore AH, Osteen CL, Chatziioannou AF, Hovda DA, Cherry SR.  
	Quantitative Assessment of Longitudinal Metabolic Changes in vivo Following Traumatic Brain Injury in the Adult Rat Using FDG-MicroPET
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism,
	2000; 20: 
	1492-1501.
	


	Prins ML, Hovda DA.  
	Traumatic Brain Injury in the Developing Rat: Effects of Maturation on Morris Water Maze Acquisition
	Journal of Neurotrauma,
	1998; 15(10): 
	799-811.
	


	Hovda DA and Villablanca JR.  
	Cerebral Metabolism Following Neonatal or Adult Hemineodecortication in Cats: Effect on Oxidative Capacity Using Cytochrome Oxidase Histochemistry
	Developmental Brain Research ,
	1998; 110: 
	39-50.
	


	Kelly DF, Lee SM, Pinanong PA, Hovda DA.  
	Paradoxical Effects of Acute Ethanolism in Experimental Brain Injury
	Journal of Neurosurgery,
	1997; 86(5): 
	876-882.
	


	Bergsneider M, Hovda DA, Shalmon E, Kelly DF, Vespa PM, Martin NA, Phelps ME, McArthur DL, Caron MJ, Kraus JF, Becker DP.  
	Cerebral Hyperglycolysis Following Severe Traumatic Brain Injury in Humans: A Positron Emission Tomography Study
	Journal of Neurosurgery,
	1997; 86(2): 
	241-251.
	


	Hovda DA, Villablanca JR, Chugani HT.  
	Cerebral Metabolism Following Hemispherectomy in Cats: I. Effect on Glucose Metabolism Using [14C] 2-deoxy-D-glucose Autoradiography
	Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism,
	1996; 16: 
	134-146.
	



















© 2017 UCLA Brain Research Institute
    1506 Gonda (Goldschmied) Neuroscience and Genetics Research Center
        695 Charles Young Drive South, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1761
        







DAVID HOVDA - JAMESTOWN, ND - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



ND



JAMESTOWN



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            DAVID HOVDA
                                    



 





















D 


DAVID HOVDA
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



511 21ST AVE NE JAMESTOWN, ND 58401
Get Directions



(701) 646-6466





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts DAVID HOVDA







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


David Hovda was founded in 2004. David Hovda specializes in Management Investment, Open-end. David Hovda has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $110,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















David C. Hovda: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 5:38 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Pro-Dex, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David C. Hovda  Director, Pro-Dex, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships54$25,000
Background

		Mr. David C. Hovda has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Simplify Medical, Inc., a privately held medical device company that has developed a cervical artificial disc replacement optimized for MRI imaging, since 2013. Mr. Hovda served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of SpinalMotion, Inc. from 2004 to 2013. Mr. Hovda has nearly 20 years of experience in the medical device industry. Prior to joining SpinalMotion, he served as Vice President and ... Managing Director of ENT divisions of ArthroCare from 1997 to 1999, where he was responsible for the commercialization of numerous products and two business units. Mr. Hovda served as Vice President and General Manager of ArthroCare Spine at ArthroCare Corporation since June 2001. From 1992 to 1997, Mr. Hovda served in financial analysis and product management positions with Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT), a multi-national medical technology company, which culminated in his service as the European Business Manager of its Upper Airway Venture from 1995 to 1997. He has been Director of Pro-Dex Inc. since January 2013 and Simplify Medical, Inc. since 2013 He served as a Director of SpinalMotion, Inc. from 2004 to 2013. Mr. Hovda served for five years with the United States Navy, achieving the rank of Lieutenant. He holds more than 40 patents related to radio frequency ablation technology, specific clinical applications and artificial disc replacement designs and implantation methods. He received an M.B.A. from Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration and a B.S. Civil Engineering from Northwestern University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2361 McGaw AvenueIrvine, California 92614United StatesPhone: 949-769-3200Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentDirectorPro-Dex, Inc.
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBS Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
ArthroCare CorporationHarvard Business SchoolNorthwestern UniversitySimplify Medical, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$25,000Total Calculated Compensation$25,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pro-Dex, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























David L Hovda - Spokane, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David L Hovda in Spokane, WA


David L Hovda

                                                                           Intelius found that David L Hovda  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Spokane, WA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David L Hovda is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Spokane, WA
Loon Lake, WA

David's Relatives

Georgene Trovillion







David L Hovda



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David L Hovda
Get a Criminal Check on David L Hovda
Get a Public Record Report on David L Hovda
Get a People Search Report on David L Hovda


David L Hovda's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David L Hovda has lived as well as David L Hovda's phone numbers and email addresses.




David L Hovda Has Lived in 1 States
Washington Address for David L Hovda


5407 N W********* S* 

Spokane, WA


Has Lived In

Spokane, WA
Loon Lake, WA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David L Hovda

(509) ***-**** - Loon Lake, WA 
(509) ***-**** - Spokane, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David L Hovda



Get Email Report




David L Hovda's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David L Hovda


David L Hovda's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David L Hovda's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Hovda
Username Matches

                  DavidHovda
                  HovdaDavid
                  David.Hovda
                  Hovda.David
                  David_Hovda
                  Hovda_David
                  David-Hovda
                  Hovda-David
                  DHovda
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Hovda







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













About Us » Pro-Dex










































		Pro-Dex » Powerful Solutions	








About Us

Our CompanyPro-Dex has been in business for over 40 years with our corporate headquarters located in Irvine, CA.   We have successfully collaborated with several of the world’s largest providers of medical and dental products, as well as other industries, proving our credibility through our responsiveness and flexibility.
  Today, we continue to offer our outsourcing services nationwide and beyond.  While we have built our business around product design, development and manufacturing work for OEMs, our expertise has evolved.  Our broad range of support provides customers with the leverage needed to attain world-class capabilities.
Our specialized services span across many disciplines from mechanical and electrical engineering, electronics and software, quality and compliance, and contract manufacturing as well as engineering staffing and consulting.  In addition we have a division that can support your motion control needs. This type of support (under the umbrella of one company) permits the fluid workflow you need.  These services are provided across a variety of industries.
Together, we can support your strategic priorities to allow you to control your operating costs and increase your profitability.  Experience faster production launches and incoming revenue streams, reduced risk, and assurance that your project will meet quality and compliance requirements.  Outsourcing will allow you to improve efficiency, maximize use of your internal resources, and reduce strain on your organization.
From concept through production and every step in between, whatever your needs, we are your full-service turn-key provider.  At Pro-Dex, we are agile, adaptive, and ready to offer you powerful solutions.

Pro-dex Powered Solutions
Pro-Dex is a product development company.  We develop proprietary designs under exclusive supply agreements with some of the largest companies in the world.  Designed, engineered and manufactured in the heart of the USA.

Industries We Serve
Pro-Dex knows and understands design and precision manufacturing across multiple industries and for multiple applications.Our suite of services caters to manufacturers in highly regulated industries with specialized needs.




HealthcareWe specialize in powered devices for orthopedic applications as well as precision injection molds.


AerospaceHigh precision micro controllers and actuators.  High tolerance machining and assembly.


AutomotiveOur state-of-the-art production facilities can produce high mix/low volume quick turnaround projects as well as low mix/high volume projects.



IndustrialHigh quality innovative customized solutions at lowest possible cost.


CommunicationsWe can design, develop and manufacture to your exact specifications for any application.


DentalExtensive experience manufacturing, assembling and testing powered dental devices.



Oil & GasWe can help you meet your regulatory and compliance needs; increasing speed to market and lowering cost to build.


RoboticsInnovative solutions for your precision motion control and actuation needs.


ResearchOur motion control systems and manufacturing solutions are used by the world’s leading laboratories.




Leadership Team
The Pro-Dex Leadership Team understands that in order to foster a culture based on collaboration and empowerment, one must start   at the top.  Our team encourages every associate to deliver creative and effective solutions.
Rick Van Kirk, CEO
Richard L. Van Kirk was appointed Chief Executive Officer in January 2015. He joined Pro-Dex in January 2006 and was named Pro-Dex’s Vice President of Manufacturing in December 2006. In April 2013 he was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Van Kirk’s career includes over 13 years of management experience in manufacturing. Mr. Van Kirk previously served as Manufacturing Manager and Manager of Product Development at Comarco Wireless Technologies, ChargeSource Division, which provides power and charging functionality for popular electronic devices and wireless accessories. Prior to Comarco, Mr. Van Kirk was General Manager at Dynacast, a leader in precision die casting. Mr. Van Kirk earned a BA in Business Administration at California State University, Fullerton and an MBA from Claremont Graduate School.

Alisha Charlton, CFO
Alisha Charlton joined the Company in January 2014 as Senior Director of Finance and was promoted to her role as Chief Financial Officer in January 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Charlton held various accounting positions at Comarco, Inc. from October 2000 to January 2014 culminating in her appointment as Chief Accounting Officer in April 2011. Prior to her 13 year tenure at Comarco, Ms. Charlton held various accounting and finance positions with CKE Restaurants, Inc. from February, 1995 to October 2000. Ms. Charlton began her career in July 1991 with KPMG Peat Marwick (now KPMG LLP) and was formerly a certified public accountant.  Ms. Charlton holds a B.A. in Business Economics from the University of California, Santa Barbara and a CPA license (inactive) from the California State Board of Accountancy.


Board of Directors
In support of Pro-Dex’s collaborative culture, the Pro-Dex Board of Directors focuses on encouraging the Leadership Team to empower associates and support an environment of collaboration and ingenuity.
Nick Swenson
Nick Swenson has served on Pro-Dex’s Board since January 2013, and currently serves as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Swenson is an investor in both private and public companies. Since March, 2009, Mr. Swenson has been the Chief Executive Officer and a Portfolio Manager of Groveland Capital, LLC. Prior to forming Groveland Capital, Mr. Swenson was a Portfolio Manager and Partner at Whitebox Advisors, LLC, a multi-strategy hedge fund, from 2001 to 2009. From 1999 to 2001 he was a Research Analyst at Varde Partners, LLC, a partnership that specializes in distressed debt investing. He was an Associate in Corporate Finance at Piper Jaffray, Inc., from 1996 to 1999. Mr. Swenson serves as a director of several private companies as well as Air T, Inc., a NASDAQ listed company.

Ray Cabillot
Ray Cabillot joined Pro-Dex’s Board in January, 2013. In addition to his responsibilities on the Board, Mr. Cabillot serves as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Farnam Street Capital, Inc., the General Partner of Farnam Street Partners L.P., a private investment partnership. Prior to his role at Farnam Street Partners, Mr. Cabillot was a Senior Research Analyst at Piper Jaffray, Inc. Early in his career, Mr. Cabillot worked for Prudential Capital Corporation as an Associate Investment Manager and as an Investment Manager. Mr. Cabillot is currently involved as a director for several private companies and has served as Director and Chairman of the Board for O.I. Corporation, a publicly traded company.

Will Farrell III
Will Farrell joined Pro-Dex’s Board January, 2013. In addition to his responsibilities on the Board, Mr. Farrell serves as Chief Executive Officer of Viszy Inc., a company developing software and services target at the consumer market and has held this position since January, 2011. Mr. Farrell is also Chief Executive Officer of B ō biam, LLC, a company focused on transforming youth art into apparel and other products, merchandising through retail and wholesale channels. Prior to 2011, Mr. Farrell held various senior management roles within Medtronic, Inc. He began his career as an engineer working in production support, process development and operations. Mr. Farrell then transitioned to product development during which time he lead engineering and management teams of 100+ in program, product and process development. At the end of his tenure at Medtronic, Mr. Farrell served as Senior Director of Product Development, leading corporate-wide initiatives to improve design, reliability and manufacturability practices.

David Hovda
David Hovda joined Pro-Dex’s Board January, 2013. Mr. Hovda has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Spinal Motion, Inc., a privately held medical device company that designs, develops and markets artificial discs for use in the spine, since 2004 . Prior to joining Spinal Motion, he held leadership positions with Arthrocare, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of surgical devices, instruments, and implants focused on enhancing surgical techniques and patient outcomes, serving as the Vice President/General Manager of its Spine Division from 1999 to 2004, and as the Managing Director of its ENT Division from 1997 to 1999. From 1992 to 1997, Mr. Hovda served in financial analysis and product management positions with Medtronic, Inc., which culminated in his service as the European Business Manager of its Upper Airway Venture from 1995 to 1997. He holds more than 30 patents related to radio frequency ablation technology, specific clinical applications, and artificial disc replacement designs and implantation methods. Mr. Hovda served for five years with the United States Navy, achieving the rank of Lieutenant.

Rick Van Kirk
Richard L. Van Kirk joined Pro-Dex’s Board of Directors when he was appointed Chief Executive Officer in January 2015.  He joined Pro-Dex in January 2006 and was named Pro-Dex’s Vice President of Manufacturing in December 2006.  In April 2013 he was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Van Kirk’s career includes over 13 years of management experience in manufacturing. Mr. Van Kirk previously served as Manufacturing Manager and Manager of Product Development at Comarco Wireless Technologies, ChargeSource Division, which provides power and charging functionality for popular electronic devices and wireless accessories. Prior to Comarco, Mr. Van Kirk was General Manager at Dynacast, a leader in precision die casting. Mr. Van Kirk earned a BA in Business Administration at California State University, Fullerton and an MBA from Claremont Graduate School.










Privacy Notice|P5 Photo Blog by NetRivet Websites 





 
















David Hovda Award 





































































 







9037 Ron Den Lane, Windermere FL 34786
Society: sheilahjewart@neurotrauma.org | Symposium Questions:
nns@neurotrauma.org
(407) 876-0750





















Main Menu



Main Menu
Home About NNSMission StatementLeadershipOfficer HistoryBylaws and Articles of Incorporation MembershipMembership Information Members Area My AccountHelp SymposiumGeneral InfoScientific ProgramConference Mobile AppRegistrationAbstracts & Posters CME AccreditationSponsors & Exhibitors 2017Important DeadlinesHotel ReservationsTransportationInternational AttendeesNetworking EventsSnowbird ActivitiesAltitude Sickness TipsContact UsPrevious MeetingsWINTRAbout WINTRWINTR MembershipWiNTR Awards HistoryAsk An ExpertAwardsMichael Goldberger AwardMurray Goldstein AwardWiNTR AwardAlan Faden AwardAnthony Marmarou AwardWiNTR VISA AwardDavid Hovda Award NNS Honorary AwardDiversity FellowshipsTrainee Travel AwardsJournal Journal Access Submit an ArticleProjectsNeurotrauma TreeWhere Are They Now Project
 

Contact Us






Name(*)



Email(*)



Message(*)

























National Neurotrauma Society










Log in Create Account



 × 
NNS Account & Member Sign In:




Username or Email:
Password:












Create account | Forgot your password? | Help








log out
My account







Search ...














 menu item params =  global menu param = 













									David Hovda Research Excellence Award 								







Dr. Hovda’s trainees and colleagues have collectively endowed a Research Excellence Award in his name, because their lives and careers have been influenced directly by his training, mentorship and friendship.
This annual award is awarded to the highest rated undergraduate/post-baccalaureate trainee poster presentation each year.
Dr. Hovda started his scientific career under the mentoring of Dr. Dennis Fenney at the University of New Mexico. Humility, hard work and gradualism led him to become the Director of the UCLA Brain Injury Research Center – a recognized "Center of Excellence" by the National Institutes of Health. He has devoted his research investigations to understanding the mechanisms of recovery of function. He has given tirelessly to serving the National Neurotrauma Society, NIH, and Department of Defense. His efforts have been recognized by the National Head Injury Foundation Award, the Giannini Foundation Award, the Benjamin Franklin Haught Memorial Award and named the Lind Lawrence Eminent Scholar for his work on the topic of Traumatic Brain Injury.

In 2011, Dr. Hovda received the "Strength of the Nation Award" from the United States Army, the highest award given to a civilian from the United States Army.
Dr. Hovda is a passionate and consummate educator, with students and colleagues in every corner of the nation and around the world. In 2006, he received the Women in Neurotrauma award for his teaching and support for women in neuroscience and the James F. Zimmerman Award in 2012.
AWARD WINNERS
2017 - Patrick Riley
 
2016 - Miranda Munoz, University of Pittsburgh

AWARD DETAILS

  DEADLINE FOR ABSTRACT SUBMISSION - APRIL 19 




Award Amount:

$500.00 and engraved art glass trophy



Source of Funding:

$50,500 raised in 2015-16 from donations of grateful students, trainees, colleagues, and collaborators. Annual award paid from the interest on the $50,000 principal.





Targeted Recipients:

Highest rated high school/under-graduate/post-baccalaureate poster presentation.



Eligibility:

Abstract selected as top ranked amongst those submitted for the annual symposium





How to Apply:

N/A. Inclusive of Trainee Poster Competition



Administrative Structure:

The funds are administered by the National Neurotrauma Society




 QUESTIONS? 



 Jonathan Lifshitz, PhD    Phone: (602) 827-2346 |    Cellular: (602) 618-7384    This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
 Christopher C. Giza, MD    Phone: (310) 794-4070    This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
 Mayumi Prins, PhD    Phone: (310) 825-0646    This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 



  MAKE A DONATION  
   National Neurotrauma Society is a 501(3)c non-profit association and donations are deductible by the IRS as allowable by law. NNS membership is not required to make a donation.   
 Donate NowSign In and Donate now




Comments from the communty of donors

This is great – you can count on the Foundation making a donation in early 2016.  Chris Nowinski

This is a great idea and I’m certainly indebted to Dave for allowing me to work in his lab first as a high school student, and later as a college student.  Happy to contribute! 
Brian Nahed

Ok, so let me be the first to be more than willing to donate $1,000.00 (or more).  This is a wonderful idea.  Dave rocks!  
Alisa Gean

I would add $2500 to the pile.  
Marty Edelman

Thx for doing this. I'm in for $4,000. Way to go, Dave!  
Dan Kelly

Dave is a treasure.  Happy to add $5,000.  
Ron Katz

Their is no doubt that Dave saved soldier's lives while helping us develop policies that spared them, from an early age, of living a life with the cognitive issues associated with TBI.  He is my personal hero -- please allow me to contribute $3,000.  It is an honor to do so.  
Peter Chiarelli

Happy to join this wonderful plan.  We will collect the donation from Japan.  
Takeshi Maeda

I am delighted to be a part of this.  Linda Noble

I'm grateful to call you a mentor.  I'm happy to call you a colleague.  I'm blessed to call you a friend!  Chris Giza

I am happy to contribute to celebrate a true mentor of mine.  When Dave presented me with an award he encouraged all to continue to do the best science and tell the truth.Gillian HotzAs David would say: “I’m IN!!”  Most of you folks work with him – I know him as a close friend.  I’m sure that it’s no surprise that he cares deeply about all of you, and that if you ever needed advice or something done, that David will be there for you. Nobody has a bigger heart.  He constantly speaks warmly and proudly about his students, his colleagues, and his mentors. He talks about the injured that need help, and about the science – how he’s excited and certain that one day there will be a cure for TBI.  Of course he loves UCLA – he cheers on the teams and is excited to interview, and then get to know folks that want to study and to work there  – and I’m certain that he will be very touched and very proud that you all have chosen to honor him in this fashion.  Great idea!Steven P. GoldbergDave has been a role model, colleague, and friend throughout my career.  I am honored to contribute to this award!  Thanks Dave.Candace L. Floyd
Dave, thanks for all the lessons in lab and in life! Congrats!Igor Fineman
I am IN.  Like everyone, I am a huge admirer of Dave, and I am honored to call him one of my good friends. He is a giant in the field and an incredibly good person. I know no one with a bigger heart and a quicker hand to help others. He truly loves those he works with, and he considers his students and colleagues part of his family. Simply put, I want to be like Dave (minus the back problems)...he is THE BEST!!Jeffrey T. Barth
Dave’s leadership, dedication to science, mentorship, and warm heart have been my inspiration for years! This honor is well-deserved!Dorothy KozlowskiDave was on my dissertation committee and I have worked with him in the BIRC. I have learned a lot from him and am happy to contribute to this award.  Thanks Dave!!Norma D. McNairDave has been a wonderful mentor and a true friend.  I’m happy to be part of this.Daniel LuCongratulations and thank you!Ché Hutson

Few people in the world are blessed enough to have a significantly positive impact on the lives of patients and their families. Dr. Hovda is indeed one of them. God bless him ...  Sincerely, Saman Sargolzaei 
 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.











Donate NowJoin
Contact Subscribe
    
 Print 

Michael Goldberger AwardMurray Goldstein AwardWiNTR AwardAlan Faden AwardAnthony Marmarou AwardWiNTR VISA AwardDavid Hovda Award NNS Honorary AwardDiversity FellowshipsTrainee Travel Awards
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















david hovda - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










David Hovda (Found) | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​David Hovda



Instant-Address, Phone, Age & More David Hovda- Search Now





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found David Hovda - Cell Phone #, Address, Pics & More.



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​David Hovda



Cell Phone #, Address, Pics & More. David Hovda's Info - Look Free!





Social Network Search



Search Public Records



White Pages Directory



Free People Search





David Hovda's History - David Hovda's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



David Hovda's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search





Searches related todavid hovda



lee hovda


david hovda american family insurance


dave hovda west fargo nd


ucla brain injury research center



kaiti hovda on twitter


david a helmick phd


dr hovda


kelly boscardin




Web Results

David A. Hovda, PhD - UCLA Neurosurgery, Los Angeles, CA

neurosurgery.ucla.edu/david-hovda


David A. Hovda, Ph.D., Professor and Vice Chair of Academic Affairs, Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, Department of Neurosurgery in Los Angeles, CA.


David A. Hovda, PhD | BrainLine Military

www.brainlinemilitary.org/experts/profile.php?name=David,Hovda


David Hovda, PhD is the director of the UCLA Brain Injury Research Center. He is past president of the National Neurotrauma Society and past president of the ...


David A. Hovda, Ph.D. | UCLA Brain Research Institute

www.bri.ucla.edu/people/david-hovda-phd


Di Pietro Valentina, Amorini Angela M, Tavazzi Barbara, Hovda David A, Signoretti Stefano, Giza Christopher C, Lazzarino Giacomo, Vagnozzi Roberto, ...


David Hovda (San Francisco Bay Area) on LinkedIn | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-hovda-501a411


View David Hovda’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like David Hovda discover inside ...


David Hovda | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/David-Hovda


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 13 people named David Hovda. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


David Hovda Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/David-Hovda


View the profiles of people named David Hovda. Join Facebook to connect with David Hovda and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to...


David Hovda - spokeo.com

https://www.spokeo.com/David-Hovda


25 records for David Hovda. Find David Hovda's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


David Hovda – The Concussion Blog

https://theconcussionblog.com/tag/david-hovda


If you get the chance you should take the time to read the research that has been done by David Hovda, PhD and Kevin Guskiewicz, PhD, ATC; not only is it good ...


DAVID HOVDA - JAMESTOWN, ND - Business Profile

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/davidhovda-jamestown-nd...


View up to date company information for DAVID HOVDA in the JAMESTOWN, ND Credibility Review business directory. Search companies at DandB.com.


David Hovda Investments LLC - Saint Paul , MN - Company ...

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/davidhovdainvestmentsllc...


David Hovda Investments Llc is located at 1746 Eleanor Ave in Saint Paul and has been in the business of Investors, Nec since 2010. Our similar businesses nearby ...










David Hovda (Found) | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​David Hovda



Instant-Address, Phone, Age & More David Hovda- Search Now





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found David Hovda - Cell Phone #, Address, Pics & More.



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​David Hovda



Cell Phone #, Address, Pics & More. David Hovda's Info - Look Free!





Social Network Search



Search Public Records



White Pages Directory



Free People Search





David Hovda's History - David Hovda's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



David Hovda's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Learn More



Best Background Check



Best People Search




Searches related todavid hovda



lee hovda


david hovda american family insurance


dave hovda west fargo nd


ucla brain injury research center



kaiti hovda on twitter


david a helmick phd


dr hovda


kelly boscardin




12345Next






Answers







Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004



" David Clewett (m & l), Ivar Lisinski (m & l), Yak Bondy (m & l) 41 3 6 Christian Hovda "Crying" Arne Hovda (m & l), P.K. Ottestad (m & l) 0 11 7 Dilsa

more






Miss Teen USA 2009



Wyoming - Amy David Special awards Award Contestant Miss Congeniality Hawaii - Ashley Moser Miss Photogenic Iowa - Allyson Hovda Historical...

more






Jeffrey Brooks



Art Jarvinen, Eleanor Hovda, Michael Gordon and David Lang, who have remained the most important influences in his musical life to this day. Brooks has...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








