





Hutchison, Brian K. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Brian K. Hutchison
BRIAN K. HUTCHISON is Chairman, President and CEO of Regeneration
Technologies, Inc. (RTI). Mr. Hutchison joined RTI in December 2001 from
Stryker Corporation, based in Kalamazoo, Michigan. In his 12 years with
Stryker, he was a change agent in the company’s Medical and Osteonics
divisions. In 1999, he was named Senior Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer of Stryker Howmedica Osteonics division and was
instrumental in implementing the merger between Pfizer’s Howmedica
Division and Stryker’s Osteonics Division. He served most recently as
Vice President, Worldwide Product Development and Distribution. A native
of Muskegon, Michigan, Mr. Hutchison earned a Bachelor’s degree in
Business Administration from Grand Valley State University in 1981. He
also completed the Program for Management Development from Harvard
Business School in 1995.
Related Interviews:BRIAN HUTCHISON - REGENERATION TECHNOLOGIES INC (RTIX)December 13, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google























 











Brian K. Hutchison - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Brian K. Hutchison
Former President and Chief Executive Officer at RTI Surgical, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Brian K. Hutchison? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brian K. Hutchison's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brian K. Hutchison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brian K. Hutchison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brian K. Hutchison through your network of contacts.
												








Brian K. Hutchison's Executive Work History


Past
To view Brian K. Hutchison's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															Grand Valley State University


Harvard University


Age
57

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brian K. Hutchison's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Brian K. Hutchison. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brian K. Hutchison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brian K. Hutchison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brian K. Hutchison through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Brian K. Hutchison


















Brian K. Hutchison's Connections (46)





Sign up now to view Brian K. Hutchison's 46 connections »









Dean H. Bergy
Former Vice President and Corporate Secretary, Stryker Corporation









Robert P. Jordheim
Chief Financial Officer, RTI Surgical, Inc.









Thomas F. Rose
Former Secretary, RTI Surgical, Inc.









Caroline A. Hartill
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer, RTI Surgical, Inc.









Curtis M. Selquist
Former Chairman, RTI Surgical, Inc.









Roger W. Rose
President, RTI Donor Services and Executive Vice President, RTI Surgical, Inc.









Paul G. Thomas
Chairman of the Board, Roka Bioscience, Inc.









Roy D. Crowninshield
Former SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF SCIENTIFIC OFFICER, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.









Peter F. Gearen
Former Vice Chairman, RTI Surgical, Inc.









Adrian J. Smith
Former Board Member, RTI Surgical, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














Brian K Hutchison 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 



Brian  Hutchison in          Wheelersburg, OH
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search






We did not find Brian  Hutchison in          Wheelersburg, OH
   


         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



RTI Surgical Announces CEO Brian Hutchison to Retire | Business Wire


























































RTI Surgical Announces CEO Brian Hutchison to Retire




Hutchison Will Remain At Company To Ensure Orderly Transition


Board Commences Search For New CEO






August 15, 2016 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ALACHUA, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--RTI Surgical Inc. (“RTI” or “the company”) (Nasdaq: RTIX), a leading 
      global surgical implant company, today announced that Brian K. Hutchison 
      has informed the RTI board of directors that he has decided to retire 
      from his position as president and chief executive officer and step down 
      from the board of directors. Hutchison has agreed to remain in his 
      current roles to assist the RTI board and management team with an 
      orderly transition to a new leader. RTI’s board is commencing a search 
      for the chief executive officer position.
    


      “We have asked Brian to remain with us to ensure an orderly transition 
      to a new CEO,” said RTI Chairman Curtis M. Selquist. “On behalf of the 
      entire board, I want to recognize Brian for the many contributions he 
      has made to transforming RTI into a leading global provider of surgical 
      implants. RTI has a strong bench of management talent that I know will 
      continue to lead the company forward as it remains focused on developing 
      and delivering exceptional products and achieving sustainable top- and 
      bottom-line growth.”
    

      “It has been an honor to serve RTI and help it grow into a market 
      leader,” Hutchison said. “I have great confidence in our board and 
      management, and I will work diligently with them during this transition 
      period to help position the company for operational and financial 
      performance over the long term.”
    

      Hutchison joined RTI as president and CEO on Dec. 5, 2001, and oversaw 
      its growth from a small tissue bank in Florida to a leading global 
      player in biologics-based implants. Over the past 15 years, the company 
      has expanded its product portfolio significantly from a few allograft 
      implants used in spinal and orthopedic applications to a multifaceted 
      portfolio of biologic, metals and synthetic products used in a wide 
      array of surgical applications. Through organic growth as well as the 
      acquisitions of Tutogen Medical Inc. in 2008 and Pioneer Surgical 
      Technology in 2013, RTI is now positioned as a solid and respected 
      leader in the donation community and as a well-known innovator of safe, 
      high quality surgical implants to surgeons around the globe. Today, RTI 
      has more than 1,100 employees and four manufacturing facilities 
      dedicated to helping patients worldwide.
    

About RTI Surgical Inc.


RTI 
      Surgical is a leading global surgical implant company providing 
      surgeons with safe biologic, metal and synthetic implants. Committed to 
      delivering a higher standard, RTI’s implants are used in sports 
      medicine, general surgery, spine, orthopedic, trauma and cardiothoracic 
      procedures and are distributed in nearly 50 countries. RTI is 
      headquartered in Alachua, Fla., and has four manufacturing facilities 
      throughout the U.S. and Europe. RTI is accredited in the U.S. by the 
      American Association of Tissue Banks and is a member of AdvaMed. For 
      more information, please visit www.rtix.com.
    

Forward Looking Statement


      This communication contains forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These 
      forward-looking statements are based on management’s current 
      expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our 
      management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by our management. 
      Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," 
      "seeks," "estimates," variations of such words and similar expressions 
      are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These 
      statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to 
      risks and uncertainties, including the risks described in public filings 
      with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our actual 
      results may differ materially from the anticipated results reflected in 
      these forward-looking statements. Copies of the company's SEC filings 
      may be obtained by contacting the company or the SEC or by visiting 
      RTI's website at www.rtix.com 
      or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
    


Contacts

      RTI Surgical Inc.Wendy Crites Wacker, APR, 386-418-8888Vice 
      President, Global Communicationswwacker@rtix.com









Release Summary
RTI Surgical Inc. today announced that Brian Hutchison has informed the RTI board that he has decided to retire from his position as president and CEO.






Contacts

      RTI Surgical Inc.Wendy Crites Wacker, APR, 386-418-8888Vice 
      President, Global Communicationswwacker@rtix.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















RTI Surgical® Announces CEO Brian Hutchison to Retire - RTI Surgical, Inc















Search RTI Surgical



Everything
Products
News
Pages














Products ()
News ()
Pages ()




Products

No search results for {{ query }} in products




{{{ product._highlightResult.name.value }}}


{{{ product._snippetResult.description.value }}}...



                                            {{{ cat.name.value }}}
                                        

Found in Products






























News

No search results for {{ query }} in news



{{{ article._highlightResult.title.value }}}


{{{ article._snippetResult.content.body.value }}}...

Found in News




















Pages

No search results for {{ query }} in pages



{{{ page._highlightResult.title.value }}}


{{{ page._snippetResult.content.body.value }}}...

Found in Pages







































Choose Location

 United States (English)
 Europe (English)
 Germany (Deutsch)



About

About RTI Surgical
Company History
Mission & Values
Executive Leadership
Board of Directors
RTI Donor Services
Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Compliance
Careers
Contact Us


Patients

Patients
Why Choose RTI?
Allograft Tissue Safety
Definitions & FAQs


Healthcare Professionals

Healthcare Professionals
Product Portfolio
Tissue Safety
Quality Assurance
Company Credentials
Labeling



Products


Products


Cardiothoracic


Extremities


Orthobiologics


Spine


Sports Medicine


Surgical Specialties



News

News
Press Releases


Investors

Investors
Stock Information
Financial Highlights
Events & Webcasts
SEC Filings and Reports
Electronic IR Kit
Email Alerts
Corporate Governance
Report to the Ombudsman











Home 
News 
2016









Categories


 All


  Corporate Responsibility


  Events


  Investor Relations


  Products & Implants


  Press Releases


  RTI Corporate


  Community Involvement


  In The News





Media Contacts


Roxane Wergin
Director, Corporate Communications
rwergin@rtix.com 
                                386.418.8888 Ext. 4414
                            

Erin Morton, APR, CPRC
Senior Manager, Corporate Communications & Family Services - RTI Donor Services
emorton@rtix.com
                                    368.418.8888 Ext. 4218
                                










                                        Categories
                                    

                                                                                    Corporate Responsibility
                                                                            

                                                                                    Events
                                                                            

                                                                                    Investor Relations
                                                                            

                                                                                    Products & Implants
                                                                            

                                                                                    Press Releases
                                                                            

                                                                                    RTI Corporate
                                                                            

                                                                                    Community Involvement
                                                                            

                                                                                    In The News
                                                                            

                                        Archive
                                    

                                                                                            2017
                                                                                    

                                                2016
                                             

                                                                                            2015
                                                                                    



News



RTI Surgical® Announces CEO Brian Hutchison to Retire
August 15, 2016

Wendy Crites Wacker, APR
                    Vice President, Global Communications
wwacker@rtix.com
                    386.418.8888

Hutchison Will Remain At Company To Ensure Orderly Transition
Board Commences Search For New CEO
ALACHUA, Fla. August 15, 2016 – RTI Surgical Inc. (“RTI” or “the company”) (Nasdaq: RTIX), a leading global surgical implant company, today announced that Brian K. Hutchison has informed the RTI board of directors that he has decided to retire from his position as president and chief executive officer and step down from the board of directors. Hutchison has agreed to remain in his current roles to assist the RTI board and management team with an orderly transition to a new leader. RTI’s board is commencing a search for the chief executive officer position.
“We have asked Brian to remain with us to ensure an orderly transition to a new CEO,” said RTI Chairman Curtis M. Selquist. “On behalf of the entire board, I want to recognize Brian for the many contributions he has made to transforming RTI into a leading global provider of surgical implants. RTI has a strong bench of management talent that I know will continue to lead the company forward as it remains focused on developing and delivering exceptional products, and achieving sustainable top- and bottom-line growth.”
“It has been an honor to serve RTI and help it grow into a market leader,” Hutchison said. “I have great confidence in our board and management, and I will work diligently with them during this transition period to help position the company for operational and financial performance over the long term.”
Hutchison joined RTI as president and CEO on Dec. 5, 2001, and oversaw its growth from a small tissue bank in Florida to a leading global player in biologics-based implants. Over the past 15 years, the company has expanded its product portfolio significantly from a few allograft implants used in spinal and orthopedic applications to a multifaceted portfolio of biologic, metals and synthetic products used in a wide array of surgical applications. Through organic growth as well as the acquisitions of Tutogen Medical Inc. in 2008 and Pioneer Surgical Technology in 2013, RTI is now positioned as a solid and respected leader in the donation community and as a well-known innovator of safe, high quality surgical implants to surgeons around the globe. Today, RTI has more than 1,100 employees and four manufacturing facilities dedicated to helping patients worldwide.
About RTI Surgical Inc.
RTI Surgical is a leading global surgical implant company providing surgeons with safe biologic, metal and synthetic implants. Committed to delivering a higher standard, RTI’s implants are used in sports medicine, general surgery, spine, orthopedic, trauma and cardiothoracic procedures and are distributed in nearly 50 countries. RTI is headquartered in Alachua, Fla., and has four manufacturing facilities throughout the U.S. and Europe. RTI is accredited in the U.S. by the American Association of Tissue Banks and is a member of AdvaMed. For more information, please visit www.rtix.com.
Forward Looking Statement
This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by our management. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks described in public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results reflected in these forward-looking statements. Copies of the company's SEC filings may be obtained by contacting the company or the SEC or by visiting RTI's website at www.rtix.com or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
###





Media Contacts


Roxane Wergin
Director, Corporate Communications
rwergin@rtix.com 
                                    386.418.8888 Ext. 4414
                                

Erin Morton, APR, CPRC
Senior Manager, Corporate Communications & Family Services - RTI Donor Services
emorton@rtix.com
                                    386.418.8888 Ext. 4218
                                


















	
        Compensation Information for Brian K. Hutchison , Former President and Chief Executive Officer of RTI SURGICAL INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Brian K. Hutchison 
Executive Compensation
As Former President and Chief Executive Officer at RTI SURGICAL INC, Brian K. Hutchison  made $1,363,652 in total compensation.  Of this total $590,796 was received as a salary, $0 was received as a bonus, $150,000 was received in stock options, $600,000 was awarded as stock and $22,856 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Brian K. Hutchison ,  Former President and Chief Executive Officer at RTI SURGICAL INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. RTI SURGICAL INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. RTI SURGICAL INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Caroline A. Hartill 
Roger W. Rose 
Robert P. Jordheim 
John N. Varela 

Johannes W. Louw 






Brian K. Hutchison 


Base Pay$590,796
Bonus + Incentive Comp$0
Total Cash Compensation$590,796


Stock Award Value$600,000
Option Award Value$150,000
Total Equity$750,000



Total Other$22,856



Total Compensation$1,363,652




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 
   Brian Hutchison | Regeneration Technologies , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com
需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


