


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













IBM - United States





























United States








IBM


























The new digital economy is based on trust
Deliver greater security, transparency and agility

Meet the new IBM Z mainframe



See how you can create confidence in every interaction
















This week at IBM









A company can make your world a better place
Read about IBM’s approach to corporate responsibility in the 2016 year in review

Explore the new report












You own the information. But can you use it?
Turn data lakes into data libraries with tools to inventory, organize and govern your data

Try InfoSphere Information Governance Catalog at no charge












The right training can turn your IT challenges into wins
Join the experts in New Orleans for a deep dive into IBM Power Systems and IBM Storage

Oct. 16-20. Register by July 23 and save $400.













Inside IBM

See more stories










Cognitive tech will disrupt your industry
High-performing companies are adopting digital operations to stay ahead of the pack

Read the IBV report to learn how












Healthcare to the power of IBM
‘I can read 5,000 new medical studies a day and still see patients’

See how it works












Serverless tech, smarter apps
Enhance enterprise apps and transform legacy systems with serverless and APIs

Watch the demo and get the code






















Art speaks for itself in São Paolo

A museum turns its audio tour interactive using Watson Conversation to answer visitors’ questions

Explore Watson APIs










Explore online product trials

See more products


Shop for great deals










Watson Developer Cloud
Add cognitive functionality to your application or service

Try free Watson APIs












Watson Virtual Agent
Provide personalized help while reducing customer support costs

Try it free for 30 days












IBM MaaS360 with Watson
Simplify your mobile device management and security with one solution

Start your free 30-day trial now












How your business can get smarter








Analytics
Gain greater insights and innovate faster







Cloud
Innovate with the cloud built for business







Customer Engagement
Create customer relationships that last









IT Infrastructure
Build the foundation for cognitive business







IT Services
Transform your business with our expertise







Financing
We finance possibilities









Mobile
Develop and deploy trusted mobile experiences







Security
Prevent, detect and respond to enterprise threats







Watson
Engage the power of cognitive computing











How can we help?








Support portal
Get help today for the IBM services and software you own







IBM Knowledge Center
Find answers quickly in official IBM product documentation







Redbooks
Complimentary, step-by-step guides for download and mobile









developerWorks
Explore technical topics, find trial software and join the community







Learning Lab
Grow skills with curated online courses and cognitive apps







IBM Training and Skills
Start your learning journey, build expertise and get recognized




















IBM CEO Ginni Rometty at HIMSS17




































IBM Watson - Build Your Cognitive Business with IBM















United States
English English







IBM










 




Watson



Products and Services


Developers

Overview
Documentation
Community



Focus areas

Commerce
Education
Financial Services
Health
IoT
Marketing
Supply Chain
Talent
Work



Blog


Get Started Free










Do your best work with Watson
							With Watson, you have the AI platform for business. Uncover insights, engage in new ways, make decisions with more confidence and do your best work with Watson, today.


Explore Watson APIs
See Watson products














Do your best work with Watson
							With Watson, you have the AI platform for business. Uncover insights, engage in new ways, make decisions with more confidence and do your best work with Watson, today.


Explore Watson APIs
See Watson products


























Improve customer serviceWith Watson, you can build chatbots and virtual agents that answer your customers’ questions, responding to their needs quickly and efficiently.

Learn more















Watson is working alongside people in 45 countries and 20 industries to help businesses work faster and work smarter.
Learn more





Want to build a chatbot? Whether you're a developer looking to create your own or a business looking to implement one without building from scratch, Watson can help.


Learn more









Own your own data with Watson

Learn more






							IBM protects your data leveraging world class security and encryption capabilities.
					

						IBM will not share your data with anyone without your agreement.
					

						IBM does not share insights derived from your data. Your unique insights are your competitive advantage.
					










Watson can understand all forms of data, interact naturally with people, and learn and reason, at scale.














                        pictogram-analyze_interpret
                      








                        pictogram-language_translation
                      









                        pictogram-concept_insights
                      





Understand
With Watson, you can analyze and interpret all of your data, including unstructured text, images, audio and video.







                        pictogram-smile_frown_chat
                      









                        pictogram-personality_insights
                      






                        pictogram-personalized_recommendations
                      






Reason
With Watson, you can provide personalized recommendations by understanding a user's personality, tone, and emotion.















                        pictogram-tradeoff_analytics
                      






                        pictogram-alchemy_data_news
                      






                        pictogram-utilize_machine_learning
                      






Learn
With Watson, you can utilize machine learning to grow the subject matter expertise in your apps and systems.







                        pictogram-natural_language_classifier
                      






                        pictogram-q_a
                      









                        pictogram-speech_to_text
                      







Interact
With Watson, you can create chat bots that can engage in dialog.













Watson is available as a set of open APIs and SaaS products.












Start building with Watson APIs
Tap into the power of Watson through APIs that allow you to build cognition into your apps and products, whether it’s a web or native app, or even robotics.


 












Sample code
Get a jumpstart building your cognitive app with an all-in-one kit that includes boilerplate code, helper libraries and an example application.

Browse all sample code























Starter kits
Get a jumpstart building your cognitive app with code examples that combine multiple services for common use cases.

Explore starter kits



















Browse Watson APIs and try for free on Bluemix, IBM's PaaS.






Browse all APIs
Try free on Bluemix














Gain insights with Watson
We offer solutions and applications for a range of industries to gain insights from unstructured data and scale your employee's expertise.


 












Watson Conversation
Quickly build, test and deploy bots or virtual agents across mobile devices, messaging platforms, or even on a physical robot to create natural conversations between your apps and users.

Learn more






Watch the video














Watson Discovery
Rapidly build a cognitive search and content analytics engine. Watson Discovery helps developers quickly ingest data to find hidden patterns and answers, enabling better decisions across teams.

Learn more






Watch the video












See how you can transform your industry or profession with Watson.






Browse all products








 
 
 
 






 



 



























IBM Cognitive Stories


















IBM















Watson



APIs


Products


Focus areas

Commerce
Education
Financial Services
Health
IoT
Marketing
Supply Chain
Talent
Work



Built with Watson









What’s Watson working on today?


Discover Watson
Explore Watson Services for developers





  
















												 Today, in 45 countries and 20
												industries, people are working with Watson to help make better
												decisions and make their best work better. How can Watson help you?													 
												 
											









KONE with Watson
Working with Watson IoT, KONE is able to analyze data from millions of elevators and other equipment to keep a billion people a day moving safely, smoothly and efficiently.
                            
Find out more











Quest Diagnostics with Watson
Working with IBM Watson, Quest Diagnostics is able to compare data from a patient’s tumor DNA with millions of relevant pages of medical and
                        clinical data. This information can support doctors’ efforts to help deliver personalized therapeutic options for more patients.
Find out more











Basketball with Watson
The Toronto Raptors are using Watson in combination with its own analytics to help find the rights players at the right price in the draft and free agency.
                        
Find out more











Contact us
How can we help you?



Contact an IBM representative






												How does Watson work?
											


Watch the video




For Developers & IT

												   Build innovative cognitive apps with Watson 
												on IBM Cloud:
												

Try the IBM Bluemix cloud platform for free
Integrate cloud apps with ease

Watson Products
Watson products and apps can help illuminate insights and bring the power of
												cognitive computing to your organization.
												
View products












E. & J. Gallo
A family-owned winery teams up with Watson to develop an advanced irrigation system to improve their vineyard.
Find out more











Korean Air with Watson
Working with Watson, Korean Air is able to search vast amounts of data to improve operational efficiency and on-time performance. 
                        
Find out more











Woodside Energy with Watson
Woodside Energy is working with Watson so every engineer can instantly access 30 years of experience.
                        
Learn how















Insurance with Watson
Working with Watson, insurance companies are assessing millions of claims 25% faster. 
                        
Find out more









Guiding Eyes with Watson
Guide dogs are often the eyes of the blind. By working with IBM Watson, Guiding Eyes for the Blind 
                              can increase dog graduation rates—and help match the right dogs to the right people.
                            
Read more











UNC with Watson
To expand targeted therapeutic options for patients, University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center researchers worked with Watson for Genomics.
Learn more











Also recommended for you 










Alder Hey with Watson
Can an app help calm an anxious patient? 
Find out more





H&R Block with Watson
Are you leaving money on the table? H&R Block with Watson can help.
See how





How can a plane and pilot think their way to smooth air?
Turbulence is not just a matter of comfort. It affects operations and
        costs airlines over $100 million
        a year in increased maintenance and
        operational costs due to delays and re-routing. 
Read more













Marchesa and Watson worked together to create a dress that thinks.
Marchesa worked with Watson advanced sensory APIs to create a dress
                        that understands and responds to its fans.
                         
                        Watson scanned
                        vast volumes of fan social data to enable the dress to change color in
                        response to social sentiment.
Learn more





With Watson, Olli, a self-driving vehicle, can chat with passengers.
Olli is a self-driving vehicle that talks to passengers. And listens.
                                Created by Local Motors and enhanced by Watson IoT and Watson APIs, you can ask Olli a
                                question—where’s a good place for dinner—and Olli will answer and take you there. 
Learn more





Companies in 45 countries and 20 industries are working with Watson.
Watson is working with businesses, scientists, and governments to help them make better decisions, and make their best work better.
See how













Can data help an athlete run faster?
Orreco is working with Watson to use biomarker data to optimize the performance of its athletes.
See how





Hidden Figures
Overlooked heroes from technology’s early days inspire tomorrow’s STEM leaders.
Learn more





Cognitive music
In the cognitive era, artists like Alex Da Kid can collaborate with Watson,
                            to make hits from volumes of data. Watson gives artists the tools they need to see inspiration
                            in places they never could before.
Read more













Watson for cyber security is here.
Watson for cyber security can draw the latest security intelligence from millions of security blogs, online forums and white papers — so you can
        see threats unseen by other systems.
Learn more about Watson for cyber security.













Share this page:


Share on Twitter


Share on Facebook


Share on Linkedin

















































































































IBM Marketplace | IBM











































IBM
















Marketplace 



Category


Cloud


Cognitive


Commerce


Data and Analytics


Enterprise and Business Solutions


IT Infrastructure


IT Services


Internet of Things


Mobile


Security


Social




Learning Lab


Discounts




























 Welcome to IBM Marketplace Shop hardware, software and services from IBM and our partners. Learn more



  Watson Virtual Agent

  Provide personalized help while reducing customer support costs


  Start your free trial





  IBM SPSS Statistics

  Get advanced statistical analysis with a flexible subscription service




  Buy now and save 10%




  Watson Developer Cloud

  Add cognitive functionality to your application or service




  Try free Watson APIs








Categories
Narrow your search to the products and services that suit you best








Cloud










Commerce










Enterprise and Business Solutions










IT Infrastructure










Security










IT Services











Cognitive










Data and Analytics










Internet of Things










Mobile










Social










Discounts









  Marketplace spotlight

  Browse featured products, services and other popular picks







  Save 10%

  IBM Watson Content Hub


  Create, manage and deliver engaging and relevant customer experiences




 $250 USD per month

Learn more






  IBM MaaS360 with Watson


  Add analytics and data insights to your mobile management platform




 $3 USD per managed client device per month

Learn more








  IBM WebSphere Application Server


  Create, connect and deploy Java applications on the cloud in minutes




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more






  IBM Watson Analytics


  Get answers in minutes with smart data discovery and visualization




 $30 USD per user per month

Learn more









  New products and services

   Check out the latest offerings from IBM and our partners






  IBM z14


  Deliver trusted digital experiences with the newest IBM mainframe




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more






  Microservice Builder


  Quickly develop and deliver microservices, hybrid and Docker apps




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more








  IBM Process Transformation Manager


  Infuse your business processes with operational intelligence




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more






  IBM DataPower Gateway


  Speed workloads and boost security with a single, multichannel gateway




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more














  Learning Lab

  Find online courses and use cases for development, FinTech and marketing pros


  Learning Lab













  Special offers

  Get limited-time offers and discounts on popular products


  Shop for savings













Talk to a product expert














                        Live Chat
                    








1-877-426-3774
Priority Code:  Portfolio












Email








































Contact IBM -  - United States


























IBM



















Contact IBM
















Phone numbers
General inquiries
800-IBM-4YOU (800-426-4968)
Shopping assistance
888-SHOP-IBM (888-746-7426)
Corporate headquarters:
IBM Corporation
1 New Orchard Road
Armonk, New York 10504-1722
United States
914-499-1900
Managed and cloud services providers
877-IBM-ACCESS (877-426-2223)
Priority code: C377002W
Contact a representative 
IBM Easy Access
For large enterprise, government and education customers.
888-839-9289
ews@us.ibm.com
TTY service
800-IBM-3383 (800-426-3383)
(within North America)





Support
E-Mail
General 'non-technical' questions, concerns, or Web-site feedback.
For technical questions, please see our "Support directories" section.
Customer support
Contracts, order status, delivery, inventory, invoices and payments.
Technical support directory
Technical support phone numbers by product.
IBM Business Partner support
General BP support and inquiries





Other contact information
Former IBMers
Visit AfterIBM site
For benefits information,
call 800-796-9876
Directory of worldwide contacts
Country-based contacts for technical support, sales or other assistance.
Employee directory
Enter the name of an IBM employee to find his or her e-mail address and telephone number.
Shop & Buy
Find a sales rep

Self-help resources


Marketplace support community
Support & downloads
























﻿






























IBM Retirement Fund Sells 16,166 Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Analysts Set Expectations for Wells Fargo & Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NYSE:WFC)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Innergex Renewable Energy Inc Increased by National Bank Financial (TSE:INE)
Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (NYSE:CP) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $2.15 Per Share
Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on ConAgra Foods (CAG)
Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. Cut by Analyst (NYSE:AMC)
Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Ulta Beauty Call Options (ULTA)
MannKind Corporation (MNKD) Short Interest Down 9.1% in June
Okta, Inc. (NASDAQ:OKTA) Short Interest Up 169.4% in June
Snap Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (SNAP)
Investors Buy Large Volume of Target Corporation Call Options (NYSE:TGT)
Gap, Inc. (The) Sees Unusually High Options Volume (GPS)
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for HCA Holdings, Inc. Issued By Leerink Swann (HCA)
Research Analysts Set Expectations for Mallinckrodt PLC’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MNK)
AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AVEO) Short Interest Up 63.9% in June
Short Interest in Corium International, Inc. (NASDAQ:CORI) Increases By 62.3%
Yandex N.V. (NASDAQ:YNDX) Shares Up -0.3% Following Analyst Upgrade
Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Reduced by First Analysis
IBI Group Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.15 Per Share (IBG)
Yum! Brands Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NYSE:YUM)
Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest



 


IBM Retirement Fund Sells 16,166 Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)

					Posted by George Bondi on Jul 15th, 2017 // No Comments 



IBM Retirement Fund lowered its position in  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 88.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,181 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 16,166 shares during the period. IBM Retirement Fund’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $394,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. iAB Financial Bank purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter worth $100,000.  Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter worth $103,000.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter worth $109,000.  Westport Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter worth $115,000.  Finally, Webster Bank N. A. increased its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals by 68.2% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 851 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 345 shares during the period. 89.12% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE APD) opened at 145.57 on Friday. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 12 month low of $128.35 and a 12 month high of $150.45. The firm has a market capitalization of $31.69 billion, a PE ratio of 10.07 and a beta of 1.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $144.33 and a 200 day moving average of $142.11. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. Air Products and Chemicals had a net margin of 36.19% and a return on equity of 19.26%. The company had revenue of $1.98 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.84 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.82 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.4% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.15 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 14th. Investors of record on Monday, July 3rd will be paid a $0.95 dividend. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.61%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. Air Products and Chemicals’s payout ratio is 26.28%. 
WARNING: This story was first  posted by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/15/ibm-retirement-fund-has-394000-stake-in-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-apd-updated-updated-updated.html. 
APD has been the subject of several research reports. Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 price objective on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.







Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Analysts Set Expectations for Wells Fargo & Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings 





Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Innergex Renewable Energy Inc Increased by National Bank Financial 





Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. Cut by Analyst 





Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on ConAgra Foods 





Canadian Pacific Railway Limited  Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $2.15 Per Share





Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Ulta Beauty Call Options 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































































IBM Investor relations - Pension benefits















Select a country/region: Worldwide




IBM®


Site map



Search in:Investor relations searchAll of IBM
Search


















Investor relations
Corporate governance
Executive compensation
2016 Pension benefits narrative






Primary tab navigation
Overview
Financial info
Stockholder services
News and events
Corporate governance - selected tab, 
Help







Corporate governance overview
Board of directors
Board committees




Senior leadership
Corporate governance guidelines
Trust and compliance




Business conduct guidelines
Political expenditures and public policy matters
Certificate of incorporation




Bylaws
Other relationships
Director compensation




Executive compensation
Beneficial ownership
Director independence standards




Contact the board
Director attendance at annual meeting of stockholders
















The 2016 Pension Benefits Tables show the number of years of credited service, present value of accumulated benefit and payments during the last fiscal year for each eligible named executive officer under the IBM U.S. defined benefit pension plan and the IBM Germany Vorsorgeplan, as applicable. Mrs. Rometty, Mr. Schroeter and Dr. Kelly have pension benefits under the U.S. defined benefit pension plan; Mr. Jetter has a pension benefit under the IBM Germany Vorsorgeplan, a defined benefit pension plan, and Mr. Clementi does not have a benefit under any IBM defined benefit pension plan.
U.S. Qualified Plan and Nonqualified Plan Descriptions — General
The IBM Personal Pension Plan consists of a tax-qualified plan and a non-tax qualified plan. Effective January 1, 2008, the non-tax qualified plan was renamed the IBM Excess Personal Pension Plan and is referred to herein as the Nonqualified Plan, and the tax-qualified plan is referred to as the Qualified Plan. The combined plan is referred to herein as the IBM Personal Pension Plan. Effective January 1, 2005, the IBM Personal Pension Plan was closed to new participants.
Plan Description

Effective July 1, 1999, IBM amended the IBM Personal Pension Plan to provide a new benefit formula, but allowed participants who met certain age and service conditions as of June 30, 1999, to elect to continue to earn benefits under the prior formulas, including the Pension Credit Formula.
Accrual of future benefits under the IBM Personal Pension Plan stopped on December 31, 2007. Accordingly, a participant’s pension benefit does not consider pay earned and service credited after such date.
The Qualified Plan provides funded, tax-qualified benefits up to the limits on compensation and benefits under the Internal Revenue Code.
The Nonqualified Plan provides unfunded, nonqualified benefits in excess of the limits on compensation.

IBM U.S. Personal Pension Plan (Qualified Plan)
Purpose of the Qualified Plan

The Qualified Plan was designed to provide tax-qualified pension benefits that are generally available to all U.S. regular employees.
The cessation of accruals under the Qualified Plan and the continued IBM contributions under the tax-qualified defined contribution plan, the IBM 401(k) Plus Plan, reflects IBM’s desire to provide appropriate benefits for its employees, consistent with the changing needs of IBM’s workforce and the changing nature of retirement benefits provided by IBM’s current competition.

Material Terms and Conditions: Pension Credit Formula under the Qualified Plan

The benefits under the Qualified Plan for Mrs. Rometty are determined under the Pension Credit Formula. Mrs. Rometty satisfied the eligibility requirements for the Pension Credit Formula in 1999.
The Pension Credit Formula is a pension equity formula that provides annual benefits based on a participant’s total point value divided by an annuity conversion factor.
The total point value is equal to total base points times final average pay plus total excess points times final average pay in excess of Social Security Covered Compensation.
For purposes of the Pension Credit Formula, final average pay is equal to average compensation over the final five years of employment or the highest consecutive five calendar years of compensation, whichever is greater, prior to 2008.
The annuity conversion factor is pre-determined according to the IBM Personal Pension Plan document.
Prior to 2008, participants earned points as follows: 0.16 base points each year until a 4.25 base point cap was reached, and 0.03 excess points each year until a 0.75 excess point cap was reached.
The total point value is converted to an annuity at the benefit commencement date based on pre-determined annuity conversion factors.
A participant may receive his or her benefit immediately following termination of employment, or may defer benefit payments until any time between early retirement age and normal retirement age.
Early retirement age is defined as:
	
Any age with 30 years of service;
Age 55 with 15 years of service; or
Age 62 with five years of service.


As of December 31, 2016, Mrs. Rometty had attained early retirement age.
Under the Pension Credit Formula, a participant who terminates employment and whose pension benefit commences before his or her normal retirement age will receive smaller monthly annuity payments than if his or her benefit commences at normal retirement age.
Instead of receiving his or her entire benefit under the Pension Credit Formula as an annuity, a participant may elect to receive a portion of the benefit as an unsubsidized lump sum. The lump sum amount is based on the benefit the participant earned before January 1, 2000.

Material Terms and Conditions: Personal Pension Account Formula under the Qualified Plan

Mr. Schroeter’s and Dr. Kelly’s benefit under the Qualified Plan is determined under the Personal Pension Account formula, which is a cash balance formula.
According to the terms of the Qualified Plan, under the Personal Pension Account formula prior to 2008, the eligible named executive officers above receive pay credits and interest credits to their respective Personal Pension Accounts. The pay credits for a year were equal to 5% of the eligible named executive officers’ eligible compensation for that year. The interest credits are based on the annual interest rate on one-year Treasury Constant Maturities plus 1%. Further, the 44 IBM Notice of 2017 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement International Business Machines Corporation eligible named executive officers may receive their benefit under the Personal Pension Account formula at any time following termination of employment, but may not defer the commencement of the benefit later than normal retirement age. If the eligible named executive officers’ benefit begins to be paid before normal retirement age, it will be reduced when compared to the benefit that would commence at normal retirement age. The eligible named executive officers may receive their benefit in the following forms: a lump sum equal to the Personal Pension Account balance, an annuity that is actuarially equivalent to the Personal Pension Account balance, or both a partial lump sum and a reduced annuity.

Compensation Elements Included in Calculations

Prior to 2008, eligible compensation was generally equal to the total amount that is included in income including:
	
Salary;
Recurring payments under any form of variable compensation plan (excluding stock options and other equity awards); and
Amounts deducted from salary and variable compensation under IBM’s Internal Revenue Code Section 125 plan (cafeteria plan), and amounts deferred under IBM’s 401(k) Plus Plan and Excess 401(k) Plus Plan.


Equity compensation — stock options, RSUs, RRSUs and PSUs — was excluded from eligible compensation.
Compensation for a year was limited to the compensation limit under the Internal Revenue Code. For 2007, the last year that benefits accrued under the Qualified Plan, the compensation limit was $225,000. In addition, benefits provided under the Qualified Plan may not exceed an annual benefit limit under the Internal Revenue Code (which in 2016 was $215,000 payable as an annual single life annuity beginning at normal retirement age).

Qualified Plan Funding

Benefits under the Qualified Plan are funded by an irrevocable tax-exempt trust.
A participant’s benefits under the Qualified Plan are payable from the assets held by the tax-exempt trust.

Policy Regarding Extra Years of Credited Service

Generally, a participant’s years of credited service are based on the years an employee participates in the Qualified Plan.
The years of credited service for the eligible named executive officers are based only on their service while eligible for participation in the Qualified Plan. In 2005, Mr. Schroeter left IBM U.S. and became an executive of IBM Australia, and therefore, Mr. Schroeter’s years of credited service for benefit calculations in the 2016 Pension Benefits Table are based only on his service with IBM U.S.

IBM U.S. Excess Personal Pension Plan (Nonqualified Plan)
Purpose of the Nonqualified Plan

The Nonqualified Plan provides Qualified Plan participants with benefits that may not be provided under the Qualified Plan because of the tax limits on eligible compensation.
The benefit provided to a participant is payable following a separation from service from IBM (subject to the six-month delay for “specified employees” as required under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code).

Material Terms and Conditions of the Nonqualified Plan

The Nonqualified Plan provides a benefit that is equal to the benefit that would be provided under the Qualified Plan if the compensation and benefit limits did not apply minus the benefit actually provided under the Qualified Plan disregarding the benefit limits.

Nonqualified Plan Funding

The Nonqualified Plan is unfunded and maintained as a book reserve (notional) account.
No funds are set aside in a trust or otherwise; participants in the Nonqualified Plan are general unsecured creditors of IBM with respect to the payment of their Nonqualified Plan benefits.

Policy Regarding Extra Years of Credited Service

The years of credited service for the eligible named executive officers are based only on their service while eligible for participation in the Qualified Plan.

Available Forms of Payment
Pension Credit Formula

A portion of the benefit that is available to Mrs. Rometty under the Qualified Plan may be paid as a lump sum. The portion is determined on the benefit that was earned before January 1, 2000.
The benefit available to Mrs. Rometty under the Nonqualified Plan may only be paid as an annuity.

Personal Pension Account

Under the terms of the Qualified Plan, the entire benefit may be paid as a lump sum.
Under the terms of the Nonqualified Plan, Mr. Schroeter’s entire Nonqualified Plan benefit must be paid as a mandatory lump sum. Dr. Kelly has elected to receive his Nonqualified Plan benefit in a lump sum immediately following separation from service.
The maximum lump sum amount that the eligible named executive officers could have elected to receive under the Qualified Plan and Nonqualified Plan, as of January 1, 2017 if they had a separation from service from IBM on December 31, 2016 was equal to:




 
Maximum Lump Sum


Name
Qualified Plan
Nonqualified Plan
Total Available Lump Sum




V.M. Rometty
$462,268
N/A
$462,268


M.J. Schroeter
62,190
$21,191
83,381


J.E. Kelly III
447,797
973,744
1,421,541




A participant may elect to receive his or her entire benefit, or the portion of the benefit that is not paid as a lump sum, in the form of a single life annuity or in certain other actuarially equivalent forms of payment.

Annual Pension Benefits
The annual pension benefit that was earned as of December 31, 2007, and that is payable as a single life annuity beginning at normal retirement age for each of the eligible named executive officers is below. Because Mr. Schroeter and Dr. Kelly will receive a lump sum payment for their Nonqualified Plan benefits, no amount is represented for them in the Nonqualified Plan column below:



 
Annual Pension Benefit at
			Normal Retirement Age


Name
Qualified Plan
Nonqualified Plan
Total Benefit




V.M. Rometty
$82,083
$342,761
$424,844


M.J. Schroeter
5,578
N/A
5,578


J.E. Kelly III
33,681
N/A
33,681



Present Value of Accumulated Benefit

The present value of accumulated benefit is the value as of December 31, 2016 of the annual pension benefit that was earned as of December 31, 2007.
The annual pension benefit is the benefit that is payable for the named executive officer’s life beginning at his or her normal retirement age.
The normal retirement age is defined as the later of age 65 or the completion of one year of service.
Certain assumptions were used to determine the present value of accumulated benefits. Those assumptions are described immediately following the 2016 Pension Benefits Table.


2016 Pension Benefits Table
As noted in the Introduction and Purpose to the 2016 Retention Plan Narrative, the 2016 Pension Benefits Table does not include amounts reflected in the 2016 Retention Plan Table.



Name
			(a)
Plan Name
			(b)
Number of Years Credited Service(1)
			(#)
			(c)
Present Value of Accumulated Benefit(2)
			($)
			(d)
Payments During Last Fiscal Year
			($)
			(e)




V.M. Rometty
Qualified Plan
26
$1,000,374
$0


 
Nonqualified Plan
 
4,177,322
0


 
Total Benefit
 
$5,177,696
$0


M.J. Schroeter
Qualified Plan
4
$48,749
$0


 
Nonqualified Plan
 
16,128
0


 
Total Benefit
 
$64,877
$0


J.E. Kelly III
Qualified Plan
27
$436,803
$0


 
Nonqualified Plan
 
929,588
0


 
Total Benefit
 
$1,366,391
$0



(1) Reflects years of credited service as of December 31, 2007, which was the date accruals under the Qualified Plan and the Nonqualified Plan stopped. Each of the named executive officers in this table has nine additional years of service with IBM after that date.
(2) While the accruals under the Qualified Plan and the Nonqualified Plan stopped on December 31, 2007, the value of the Qualified Plan and Nonqualified Plan benefits for the eligible named executive officers will continue to change based on their ages and the assumptions used to calculate the present value of the accumulated benefit.
 
Assumptions to determine present value as of December 31, 2016 for each eligible named executive officer:

Measurement date: December 31, 2016
Interest rate for present value: 3.8%
To determine Personal Pension Account benefit:
	
Interest crediting rate: 1.6% for 2017 and after
Interest rate to convert Personal Pension Account balance to single life annuity: 1.4767% for years 1–5, 3.3533% for years 6–20, and 4.29% for year 21 and after
Mortality table to convert Personal Pension Account balance to single life annuity is 2017 Personal Pension Account Optional Combined Unisex Table


Mortality (pre-commencement): None
Mortality (post-commencement):
	
Base Table: Modified RP-2014 White Collar sex-distinct annuitant tables with adjustment to 2011 by backing out MP-2014 improvement and further adjusting the mortality rates at each age (averaging approximately 1.06).
Improvement Scale: A modified Scale MP-2016 projection table with projected improvements starting in 2011 for healthy mortality. The modified table is based on the RPEC_2014 v2016 model, with the same 20 year diagonal convergence period and 10 year horizontal convergence period and underlying weighting percentages for the age/period and year-of-birth cohort periods. The long-term improvement rates are 0.75% up to age 85, linearly decreasing to 0.0% at age 115.




Withdrawal rates: None
Retirement rates: None prior to Assumed Retirement Age
Normal Retirement Age: Age 60 for Retention Plan, Age 65 for IBM Personal Pension Plan
Assumed Retirement Age: Later of Age 60 for Retention Plan, Age 65 for IBM Personal Pension Plan, or current age
Accumulated benefit is calculated based on credited service and compensation history as of December 31, 2007.
Benefit payable as a single life annuity in the case of the Pension Credit Formula and lump sum in the case of the Personal Pension Account Formula beginning on the first day of the month following a separation from service from IBM. The six-month delay under the Nonqualified Plan for “specified employees” as required under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code was disregarded for this purpose.
The Pension Credit Formula conversion factor is based on age at December 31, 2007 and commencement at age 65.
All results shown are estimates only; actual benefits will be based on precise credited service and compensation history, which will be determined at separation from service from IBM.

Assumptions to determine present value as of December 31, 2015:

The column titled Change in Pension Value in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table quantifies the change in the present value of the pension benefit from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016.
To determine the present value of the pension benefit as of December 31, 2015, the same assumptions that are described above to determine the present value as of December 31, 2016 were used, except a (1) 3.7% interest rate and Modified MP-2014 improvement scale, and (2) to determine the Personal Pension Account benefit, the following were used:
	
Interest crediting rate: 1.3% for 2016 and after
Interest rate to convert Personal Pension Account balance to single life annuity: 1.66% for years 1–5, 4.06% for years 6–20, and 5.0267% for year 21 and after
Mortality table for Personal Pension Account balance conversion: 2016 Personal Pension Account Optional Combined Unisex Table




IBM Germany Pension Plan
Plan Description

Mr. Jetter was an employee of IBM Germany through January 31, 2015 and was a participant in the APP defined benefit pension plan which was closed to new hires in 1992. Benefits for all participants continue to accrue under this plan. In connection with the closure of all remaining open defined benefit plans to new hires in 2010, IBM Germany offered all APP participants the option to convert their individual pension plans into the IBM Vorsorgeplan (IVP). Under the conversion, vested defined benefit pension rights under the APP were frozen, and all new pension entitlements were earned as cash balance entitlement (accumulation account).

Material Terms and Conditions

Mr. Jetter accepted the conversion and became a participant in the IVP, and therefore he has two entitlements: (i) the monthly pension according to the closed APP defined benefit plan earned through December 31, 2009 (the date of the conversion) (“Prior Benefit”); and (ii) the new cash entitlements earned since 2010 through January 31, 2015 under the IVP (“New Benefit”).
Mr. Jetter’s Prior Benefit is calculated using creditable compensation and service as of December 31, 2008 and shall be increased as follows:


Achievable pension — which is calculated based on years of service up to age 62 and creditable salary as of December 12, 2008;
Vested pension — vested part of the achievable pension is calculated by multiplying the achievable pension by the ratio where the numerator is the years of service up to the conversion and the denominator is the employee’s years of service until the employee has reached age 62; plus
Growing vested pension — the portion of the benefit that continues to increase until a pensionable event occurs. The increase is determined based on individual salaries up to the relevant key date as compared to December 12, 2008.


Mr. Jetter’s New Benefit is comprised of IBM Germany contributions. As long as the participant has not terminated employment from IBM Germany, IBM Germany provides a contribution on December 31 each year until the participant turns 67, and a prorated contribution if a participant terminates prior to December 31.
For Mr. Jetter, the IBM Germany contribution was 33.55 % per year times the total sum of his monthly pensionable earnings during the calendar year (which is 110% of Mr. Jetter’s monthly gross earnings). As Mr. Jetter separated from IBM Germany in January 2015, he received a prorated contribution in 2015.
The contributions earn a guaranteed return rate of 3.5% while the participant is employed, up to age 67. In addition, interest was credited annually through December 31, 2014 (0.75% from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2012, and 0.25% from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2014, after that 0.0%. For Mr. Jetter, who participated in APP and who converted to the IVP in 2010, the annual interest rate is a minimum of .75%.

Payment of the Plan Benefits

A participant is entitled to a benefit if:


he terminates employment at age 67 (retirement pension);
he terminates employment after age 60 but prior to age 67 (early retirement pension) — between 60 and 62 with deductions; or
he terminates employment prior to age 67 and receives a full and indefinite disability pension from the statutory pension insurance or a similar institution.

The Prior Benefit and the New Benefit have different payment rules.
Payment of Prior Benefit

The Prior Benefit is paid as an annuity, paid monthly and generally starts the month following the month in which the pensionable event has occurred. However, at retirement, Mr. Jetter can elect to have the entire Prior Benefit paid as a lump sum payment or as eight installment payments.

Payment of New Benefit

The New Benefit is paid in eight annual installments, each installment is increased by 3.5% after 12 months in each case from the date of the pensionable event up to the due date of the relevant installment (prorated if less than 12 months). The first installment is due and payable at the end of the fourth calendar month after the date on which the pensionable event has occurred and all following installments will occur that time each year thereafter for seven years. However, at retirement, Mr. Jetter can elect to have the entire New Benefit paid in a lump sum payment.

Compensation Elements Included in Calculations

Eligible compensation for the Prior Benefit is the total amount of salary and recurring payments under any form of variable compensation plan, including annual incentive program payments.
Eligible compensation for the New Benefit is the total amount of salary earned while eligible for contributions into the New Benefit under IVP.
Equity compensation — stock options, RSUs, RRSUs and PSUs — was excluded from eligible compensation for both the Prior Benefit and New Benefit.

Plan Funding

Mr. Jetter’s benefit is funded in part by an irrevocable contractual trust to which IBM Germany makes contributions. The remainder of his benefit under IVP is a direct promise to pay, which is unfunded, but is reinsured by the IBM Deutschland Pensionskasse VVaG.

Policy Regarding Extra Years of Credited Service

Mr. Jetter’s years of credited service under IVP are based only on his service as an IBM Germany employee. Mr. Jetter’s Prior Benefit only counts pay and service through December 31, 2008 and his New Benefit counts pay from January 1, 2010 through January 31, 2015, the date Mr. Jetter’s employment with IBM Germany ended.

2016 Pension Benefits Table — IBM Germany Pension Plan



Name
			(a)
Plan Name
			(b)
Number of Years Credited Service(1)
(#)
			(c)
Present Value of Accumulated Benefit(2)
($)
			(d)
Payments During Last Fiscal Year
			($)
			(e)




M. Jetter
IBM Vorsorgeplan
30
$7,558,623
$0



(1) Reflects years of credited service as of January 31, 2015, which was the date that Mr. Jetter’s employment with IBM Germany ended. Mr. Jetter has almost two years of service with IBM after that date.
(2) While the contributions under the IVP stopped on January 31, 2015, the value of Mr. Jetter’s benefit will continue to change based on his age and the assumptions used to calculate the present value of the accumulated benefit. The present value of Mr. Jetter’s accumulated benefit as of December 31, 2016 was €7,187,052 and the exchange rate from euros to U.S. dollars was 1.0517.
 
Assumptions to determine present value as of December 31, 2016 for Mr. Jetter:

Measurement date: December 31, 2016
Interest rate for present value: 1.7%
Cost of living: 1.8%
Mortality: Richttafeln Heubeck 2005 G, Köln

Assumptions to determine present value as of December 31, 2015 for Mr. Jetter:

The column titled Change in Pension Value in the 2016 Summary Compensation Table quantifies the change in the present value of the pension benefit from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016.
To determine the present value of the pension benefit as of December 31, 2015, the same assumptions that are described above to determine the present value as of December 31, 2016 were used, except a 2.25% interest rate was used.
All results shown are estimates only; actual benefit will be based on precise credited service and compensation history, which will be determined at termination of employment.



























Footer links


Contact
Privacy
Terms of use








﻿





























Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) Shares Sold by IBM Retirement Fund - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Deere & Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Deere & Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Shows
Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) Shares Sold by IBM Retirement Fund
Brokerages Set EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE:EGP) PT at $75.43
Sky Plc (LON:BSY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
AAON (AAON) & Graham Corporation (NYSE:GHM) Financial Comparison
Flextronics International Ltd. (FLEX) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $5.90 Billion
$0.49 Earnings Per Share Expected for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SBH) This Quarter
FactSet Research Systems (NYSE:FDS) vs. S&P Global (MHP) Head to Head Survey
Renesola (NYSE:SOL) vs. JA Solar Holdings, Co. (JASO) Head to Head Survey
Houston Wire & Cable Company (HWCC) & Revolution Lighting Technologies (NASDAQ:RVLT) Financial Comparison
Conn’s, Inc. (CONN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
Brokerages Expect PFSweb, Inc. (PFSW) to Post -$0.09 Earnings Per Share
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Ultra Clean Holdings (NASDAQ:UCTT) Share Price
SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (SXCP) Major Shareholder Sun Coal & Coke Llc Acquires 40,911 Shares
Virtus Global Dividend & Income Fund (ZTR) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows
Brokerages Expect T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (TROW) to Post $1.25 EPS
Manhattan Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:MANH) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Scout24 AG (G24) Receives €38.10 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
Brokerages Anticipate Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Will Announce Earnings of $0.77 Per Share
Park National Corp OH Has $1,580,000 Stake in Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB)







Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) Shares Sold by IBM Retirement Fund


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 16th, 2017 // No Comments




IBM Retirement Fund lowered its position in shares of  Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) by 88.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 3,511 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 26,038 shares during the period. IBM Retirement Fund’s holdings in Deere & Company were worth $510,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. PGGM Investments bought a new stake in shares of  Deere & Company during the first quarter worth $26,179,000.  Dodge & Cox acquired a new position in  Deere & Company during the fourth quarter valued at $2,678,000.  Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its position in  Deere & Company by 1.1% in the first quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 124,936 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $13,601,000 after buying an additional 1,342 shares in the last quarter.  Vident Investment Advisory LLC boosted its position in  Deere & Company by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 12,901 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,329,000 after buying an additional 753 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new position in  Deere & Company during the fourth quarter valued at $26,810,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  67.35% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Deere & Company alerts:



Deere & Company (DE) traded up 0.84% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $125.47. 1,776,971 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $40.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.61 and a beta of 0.66. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $122.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $111.76. Deere & Company has a 1-year low of $76.73 and a 1-year high of $129.00. 





Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, May 19th. The industrial products company reported $2.49 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.70 by $0.79. The business had revenue of $7.26 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.27 billion. Deere & Company had a net margin of 6.52% and a return on equity of 24.85%. The company’s revenue was up 2.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.56 earnings per share.  Analysts expect that  Deere & Company will post $6.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be given a $0.60 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.91%. Deere & Company’s payout ratio is currently 43.24%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) Shares Sold by IBM Retirement Fund” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/16/deere-company-nysede-shares-sold-by-ibm-retirement-fund-updated.html. 
Several brokerages recently issued reports on DE. Citigroup Inc. boosted their price target on Deere & Company from $145.00 to $150.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 9th. BidaskClub upgraded Deere & Company from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, June 10th. Barclays PLC  set a $100.00 price objective on Deere & Company and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Sunday, June 4th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and set a $125.00 price target on shares of Deere & Company in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  set a $151.00 price target on Deere & Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 3rd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $122.24.
In related news, insider Cory J. Reed sold 4,936 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $128.00, for a total transaction of $631,808.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 9,903 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,267,584. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Samuel R. Allen sold 62,704 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $125.00, for a total transaction of $7,838,000.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 333,492 shares in the company, valued at approximately $41,686,500. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 105,612 shares of company stock valued at $13,149,023. Company insiders own  0.85% of the company’s stock. 
About Deere & Company
Deere & Company is engaged in equipment operations. The Company is engaged in providing financial services. The Company operates through three business segments: agriculture and turf, construction and forestry, and financial services. The agriculture and turf segment manufactures and distributes a line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts.







Receive News & Ratings for Deere & Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deere & Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































































	Big Blue's Pension Makeover | PLANSPONSOR






















Menu


















Newsletter 

Latest Newsdash
LATEST (b)LINES
Newsdash ARCHIVE
(b)LINES ARCHIVE
Newsdash Weekend ARCHIVE
Subscribe


Magazine 

Latest Issue
Past Issues
Subscribe to PS











Search










 








Magazine
Table of Contents | Published in February 1998
Big Blue's Pension Makeover
IBM's pension team has restructured $79 billion in
      global assets to cut costs, improve returns, and make IBM
      pension plans in 45 countries work more closely together.
      Here's how.
By Randy Myers  | February 1998  





















  














IBM's pension team has
        restructured $79 billion in global assets to cut costs,
        improve returns, and make IBM pension plans in 45 countries
        work more closely together. Here's how.A cold February day in 1994 may have been the most
        traumatic of Tom Cadigan's career. Shortly after the
        25-year-veteran IBM executive walked into the offices of
        the IBM Retirement Funds in Stamford, Connecticut, he and a
        senior colleague met quietly with 50 of their co-pension
        staffers, one-on-one, to tell them their jobs had been
        eliminated."It was very difficult," recalls Cadigan, who four
        months later was named an assistant treasurer of IBM and
        managing director of IBM Retirement Funds, one of the
        world's largest pension operations. "We were 70 people
        planning to go to 100, and overnight we went to 20," he
        says. "Obviously, we had to change our priorities."Change indeed, or sink. Eleven months earlier, Lou
        Gerstner, the hard-charging executive who had turned around
        RJR Nabisco-and downsized its corporate and pension
        operations in the process-had taken the reins of
        then-struggling IBM. After bringing aboard Chrysler's Jerry
        York, a renowned cost-cutter, as his CFO, the two went to
        work reducing costs and focusing the computer giant's
        attention on its core competencies, shedding or outsourcing
        everything else.Active, in-house management of pension assets was not
        one of Big Blue's core competencies. Gerstner and New York
        concluded that the entire pension operation, one of the
        biggest in the US, could be run more efficiently and
        successfully, and with less risk, if they outsourced the
        task."There were three fundamental factors behind the
        decision [to reduce the pension staff], and core competency
        was actually the lesser of the three," explains York, now
        vice chairman of investor Kirk Kerkorian's Tracinda
        Corporation.The more important factor, to York's mind, was
        eliminating the risk of internal error or even
        sabotage-although he stresses that he had absolutely no
        reason to think that anybody on board at that time would
        engage in such activity. "I am just a lot more comfortable,
        if there is a problem, in having [it come from] some
        external manager in a fiduciary position-someone working
        for a firm that has the proverbial deep pockets, with the
        appropriate bonding capacity and insurance policies, that
        will allow you to recover," York says."The [third] factor was that I think it's incredibly
        difficult to outperform the market," he adds. "And the more
        managers you have internally, the more difficult it is to
        do that, because some are going to overperform and some are
        going to underperform. That was the nubbin."Tom Cadigan joined IBM in 1969, and has enjoyed a
        sparkling career. After spending 12 years in operational
        finance-including seven at IBM Europe's Paris
        headquarters-he moved to Treasury for 10 years before
        joining the IBM Retirement Funds. In the office, he is both
        formal and gracious.Change of dutiesThe story of how he and his small team of 19 additional
        professionals-plus five support staff-coped with the
        restructuring shows how a pension team can change itself
        for the better, even during a difficult downsizing. IBM's
        trim new pension operation has posted benchmark-beating
        investment returns since 1994. And it has done so with
        leading-edge attention to risk management that helped earn
        it a rare "superior" rating in a tough, corporate-wide
        audit last year."They are as disciplined and focused on risk control as
        any large pension fund I work with," says Thomas Healey,
        managing director in charge of pension services at Goldman
        Sachs, which is one of the IBM Retirement Funds' brokers
        and also manages portions of its fixed income and real
        estate portfolios. "It is a hallmark of the way they run
        their business, and it goes through everything they
        do."Actual operating costs at the IBM Retirement Funds have
        not declined as a result of the downsizing: Outside vendors
        are almost always more costly than employees, after all.
        But the reorganization did allow-if not force-Cadigan and
        his team to focus on the goal most important to the parent
        company: beating the fund's benchmark while controlling
        risk.New priorities meant deep changes in how the
        slimmed-down pension staff operates. Cadigan put a senior
        member of his team, global funds management director RL
        "Jay" Vivian, in charge of risk management, and reviewed
        and tightened risk controls from top to bottom. To leverage
        IBM's pension expertise in the US and 44 foreign countries,
        he encouraged greater sharing of information by
        consolidating custodial operations worldwide among a
        handful of global custody banks. And, with its US
        custodian, IBM developed a central information source
        accessible to all of its pension operations worldwide.Cadigan also leveraged his group's established expertise
        in passive equity management to control trading costs. And
        finally, the IBM Retirement Funds team moved to a
        significantly greater reliance on passive money management.
        Today, about 60% of assets are indexed, versus 45% before
        1994."Tom Cadigan pulled together a group of people in
        circumstances where there was turbulence and chaos, and now
        has them working as a team headed in the same direction,"
        says IBM treasurer Jeffrey Serkes.The payoff: Net of fees, IBM's US defined benefit plan
        posted an 18.4% total return over the three years ended
        last September, or 160 basis points over its benchmark,
        which is an amalgam of indices reflecting the various asset
        classes in which it invests (see chart, right). Its numbers
        were even more impressive for the 12 months ended in
        September, when its 25.5% total return exceeded the
        benchmark by 330 basis points. A key contributor has been
        stellar returns in fixed income, due partly to some
        well-placed bets on high yield and emerging markets debt,
        which have outpaced Treasuries and investment-grade
        corporates in recent years.Helped in part by the solid investment returns, plan
        assets climbed from $28.2 billion at the end of 1993 to $40
        billion after last year's third quarter. Over the same
        period, assets in IBM's 401(k) plan grew from $6.8 billion
        to $14 billion. Combined with some $25 billion in both
        defined benefit and defined contribution assets at its
        non-US subsidiaries-a greater international pension
        presence than any other US company-IBM now has a total of
        $79 billion under management. That makes it one of the four
        largest private US pension sponsors, along with fellow
        corporate icons General Motors, AT&T, and General
        Electric.Changing liabilitiesThe winnowing of IBM's pension management team could
        hardly have come at a more critical time. Nineteen
        ninety-four would prove a rotten year for the financial
        markets. As they wrestled with how to increase returns,
        Cadigan and his team also had to accommodate a dramatic
        change in the nature of their liabilities.In 1985, Big Blue's workforce had peaked at 406,000. By
        the end of 1994 it had dwindled to just under 220,000-a 45%
        decline. Employment has grown again since then, to nearly
        250,000. The company had 193,000 active participants in its
        defined benefit plan in 1991, and 94,000 inactive. By the
        end of 1996, it had 118,000 active participants and 187,000
        inactive."Ten years ago, 70% of the net present value of our
        [defined benefit plan] liabilities were associated with
        active, younger employees," confirms James Rich, the
        retirement funds' senior investment strategist. "Now, 80%
        of our liability is associated with non-active
        employees.""We're paying about $1.5 billion a year in benefits,"
        adds Cadigan. "Ten years ago, what we paid in benefits was
        almost not a consideration." One result: a new level of
        attention to risk."When we started," says Vivian, who also enforces money
        manager guidelines, "we defined risk management as
        monitoring unintended investment risks, such as derivatives
        exposures of the sort that made headlines at Procter &
        Gamble and Gibson Greetings in 1994. But we soon recognized
        that there are many other risks, and that they encompass
        our entire operations, from things such as network security
        and physical security to IT [information technology]
        support."Lowering trading costsOne of the biggest concentrations of pension assets in
        the world-some $104 billion-is run out of 3001-3003 Summer
        Street, an unpretentious but striking seven-story structure
        in downtown Stamford, Connecticut. IBM Retirement Funds is
        housed on the first floor of that dual-address building,
        downstairs from GE Investments, the $50 billion pension
        management arm of General Electric Company, which also
        manages $19 billion for outside investors. Similar in size
        and prestige, the two operations could hardly be more
        different in other ways.GE manages the vast majority of its assets internally,
        relying on its own research staff and its unique access to
        GE managers in diverse industries to find attractive
        investments (see "Plan Sponsor Profile," Plan Sponsor, May
        1997). IBM today farms out its entire actively managed
        portfolio. IBM Retirement Funds has outsourced other
        functions as well, such as tracking dividends and making
        sure they are paid on time.In the end, Cadigan thinks the net value-excess return
        minus the cost-that his team gets is still the best. That
        claim is borne out by Toronto-based consultant Cost
        Effective Management, which surveys pension sponsors to
        measure the effectiveness of their investment policy
        decisions and calculate a value-added comparison. A CEM
        survey shows IBM in the top 20% of the 12 largest funds for
        the past three years, and in the top 12% of CEM's entire
        157-fund universe.One reason: a heavy focus on controlling costs in its
        investment program. Since the end of 1994, IBM has reduced
        its contingent of outside money managers to 50 from 66. It
        now outsources its actively managed equities, fixed income,
        real estate, and private investments.But IBM continues to run passive equity management, or
        indexing, internally. This is for two reasons: First,
        internal portfolio management director Charles Maxfield's
        indexing group, which runs about 50% of the fund's total
        equities, has proven it can do the job as well as anybody,
        and for less cost. For example, IBM's Standard & Poor's
        500 index portfolio costs less than 1 basis point annually
        to run.More importantly, keeping the index operation in-house
        allows IBM to avoid trading costs. Maxfield and his staff
        have ready and virtually cost-free access to most
        securities its active managers might want to buy or sell
        when they make portfolio changes, or when their
        relationship with IBM is initiated or terminated."I call Charlie the gearbox of the fund," Cadigan says
        of Maxfield. "If we would decide to shift more money to
        international equities and less to domestic equities, just
        to use an example, we would run that through Charlie's
        group. If we hire a new manager, we take the stocks from
        the old manager, give them to Charlie, and then ask the new
        manager what stocks he would like to start off with in his
        portfolio. We will cut them out of Charlie's holdings and
        hand the manager a portfolio that's ready to go on the day
        we start the clock running. That activity alone saves us
        tens of millions of dollars a year. We not only avoid
        transaction costs, but the costs associated with market
        impact."Managing other portfolio shifts efficiently this way
        takes real size, since raiding your index portfolio can
        temporarily throw its carefully constructed composition out
        of whack. But for a plan of IBM's bulk, that impact is
        quite modest. With some $12 billion allocated to passive
        equity management, IBM Retirement Funds is already one of
        the world's largest indexers of US and non-US equities
        alike.Now, Cadigan is starting to leverage Maxfield's
        expertise further by allowing him to manage both domestic
        and international passive equity for some of IBM's overseas
        pension plans. And Maxfield's group is branching out into
        enhanced indexing. In May 1996, Cadigan permitted one of
        Maxfield's bright young assistants, senior portfolio
        manager Scott Baum, to launch a modest-now $150
        million-enhanced index portfolio benchmarked against the
        Russell 3000."It's not an active stock-picking account," Cadigan
        says. "A pure Russell 3000 index fund would have to own
        3,000 stocks, and even pure indexers don't do that-it would
        be very expensive and inflexible. So everybody uses
        optimizers, which is taking you one step away from pure
        indexing. And this is just one more step."Big Blue also leverages its buying power to help its
        401(k) plan. Rather than choosing from popular but
        expensive mutual funds sold to retail investors, IBM's
        401(k) participants select from a menu of company stock
        plus seven core funds and four "Life Strategy" funds, the
        latter tailored to participants with varying investment
        objectives and levels of risk tolerance. IBM chose to use
        institutional money managers when it launched the plan in
        1982, and in recent years this has proved to be an
        appealing strategy to other large employers that want to
        cut costs and extend proven managers' services to the
        401(k) side (see "All together now," Plan Sponsor,
        December/January 1998).The result: IBM plan participants enjoy their 401(k)
        benefits at a total cost-management plus administrative
        fees-of just 11 basis points, with only about a quarter of
        that amount going to money managers. By contrast, many
        popular mutual funds charge management fees that alone
        exceed 100 basis points.A push to outperformWhile Maxfield seeks to match the Russell 3000, senior
        investment manager Robert Ploder strives to beat the index
        by 100 basis points, net of costs, limiting his overall
        tracking error to 200 basis points. Ploder is a manager of
        managers: He oversees 15 firms that actively run $6 billion
        of the IBM Retirement Funds' domestic equities.Those managers have collectively fallen short of their
        performance goal over the past three years. But they have
        improved recently, outpacing the Russell by 30 basis points
        for the 12 months ended September 30 and 120 basis points
        in third quarter 1997. One reason why is that Ploder likes
        to take small bets on a wide spectrum of stocks rather than
        concentrating on a few broad market sectors. And large-cap
        issues finally surrendered their market leadership role
        during the third quarter to mid-cap and small-cap
        stocks.IBM tries to limit the tilt in either direction-growth
        versus value or large-cap versus small-cap-to a total
        tracking error of no more than 100 basis points. This
        contributes to risk control, says Ploder, a veteran Wall
        Street analyst and money manager before joining IBM six
        years ago. It also reflects the fact that IBM is not trying
        to time market style or size moves, he says.While IBM's active equity managers have been benchmark
        stragglers, their fixed income counterparts have been on a
        tear. In aggregate, IBM's $10 billion in domestic fixed
        income portfolios posted average annualized returns of
        11.7% for the three years ended in September, or a whopping
        222 basis points more than the benchmark Lehman Brothers
        Aggregate index.Credit is shared by IBM's 14 outside bond managers and
        by Jae Park, senior investment manager, who oversees the
        fixed income side. Park uses managers with a variety of
        investment styles, to keep their aggregate tracking error
        versus the Lehman under 100 basis points. To prevent any
        surprises, he requires them to submit regular reports
        identifying key risk factors in their portfolios, including
        effective duration, yield curve risk, sector weightings and
        duration, and credit quality. And every month, a consultant
        in San Francisco runs a risk and performance attribution
        analysis on each manager to keep Park on top of any shifts
        in his fixed income porfolios.Park has also written proprietary software for the IBM
        Retirement Funds, with which he and his colleagues evaluate
        their active money managers. As refined by Ray Kanner, the
        funds' global equity manager, the software produces what
        IBM calls Performance Evaluation Profiles, or "PEP charts."
        A cornucopia of statistics, these show how active managers
        have performed in various investment environments and
        compare their risk/performance tradeoffs.Pulling together globallyCadigan wants more of this kind of knowledge sharing.
        Under his leadership, the pension team is leveraging the
        tools and skill sets it developed for the domestic
        portfolio to help improve management of its $14 billion
        domestic 401(k) plan and of its foreign subsidiaries'
        pension plans.The treasury officials who run pension plans at IBM's
        affiliates in 44 countries outside the US-the largest, IBM
        Germany, has about $7 billion in assets, while five other
        plans have over $1 billion-do not report to Cadigan.
        Instead, they typically report to one of three regional
        treasurers based in Big Blue's European, Latin American,
        and Asia Pacific regional treasury centers, who in turn
        report to treasurer Serkes.But the company's far-flung foreign pension chiefs do
        rely on Cadigan and his staff for advice-and, in some
        cases, more.Cadigan's office manages an S&P 500 index fund for
        IBM Germany, and two portfolios for IBM Canada indexed
        against the Morgan Stanley Capital International's US index
        and the MSCI World index.No cookie-cutter solutions work for all the IBM plans:
        Spanning 44 foreign countries-some with more than one
        plan-each has different fiduciary, regulatory, and legal
        standards to meet, not to mention different benefit levels
        and payment schemes.Instead of looking for one-size-fits-all answers,
        Cadigan and Serkes have focused on developing what they
        call a "virtual" investment management organization,
        independent of IBM's organizational lines. When IBM
        Netherlands needs a European equity manager, for example,
        it does not make sense to ignore work that IBM Germany
        might have already done in that area-or vice versa.Making all new manager selections today are a team of
        representatives from an IBM unit in a major country outside
        the US, the US fund, and a regional support group. Cadigan
        and his team also hold "Pension University," a twice-a-year
        seminar that hosts about 10 professionals from IBM offices
        around the world. And they communicate frequently with
        IBM's foreign pension chiefs through the company's Lotus
        Notes email system and videoconferencing.Key to this information sharing effort has been the
        formation of a network of global custody banks. Currently,
        Chase Manhattan Bank is custodian for the US and German
        plans, while State Street Bank & Trust and Northern
        Trust split duties for the other non-US pension funds.
        These banks perform most of the accounting and
        administrative chores that IBM Retirement Funds performed
        in-house before it restructured in early 1994.Chase also provides IBM with an innovative product
        called Master Record Keeper, or "MRK," a central repository
        from which Cadigan and his staff can access data from any
        Big Blue pension plan worldwide (see "Pushing the data
        frontier," Plan Sponsor, July/August 1997). Developed with
        much input from the client, the system supplies information
        including performance and performance attribution data at
        any level that IBM desires, down to individual
        securities."The Master Record Keeper allows us to take scarce IBM
        staff out of the report preparation business and focus them
        more on investment management, where they can add a lot
        more value," adds Cadigan. "It also provides a common
        database of fund and manager performance which we all have
        access to and use."The futureHas IBM achieved its pension goals? Cadigan and his team
        continue to push for enhanced global coordination among
        IBM's pension plans throughout the world. The Stamford
        staff see opportunities for more cooperation in the use of
        consultants, actuarial services, staffing, and systems, to
        name only a few examples. They also are expanding their
        focus on expense control and continuing to refine their
        risk and information management systems. And on the
        investment side, they are paying increased attention to the
        asset-liability dynamic.No immediate crisis looms. Rich calculates the US plan's
        liabilities out to the year 2062 at $87 billion, although
        their net present value is only about $30 billion. That, of
        course, is about $10 billion less than plan assets, a
        circumstance appreciated at IBM headquarters in Armonk, New
        York.IBM was last forced to make a contribution to its
        defined benefit plan in 1995. Treasurer Serkes says its
        current overfunded position indicates that IBM should not
        have to make any additional contributions "certainly for
        five to 10 years, and probably longer than that."All of which pleases IBM's treasurer. "I'm happy with
        the performance of our retirement funds and with the
        people," he concludes. "And I'm also happy with their
        attitude-not just in the US but around the world, where
        people have come to appreciate that we have real expertise.
        And they're starting to leverage the resources we
        have."



Tagged: Retirement-Industry 

 




 


related articles
related research

most e-mailed



Plan Sponsor ProfileMeeting Participant Goals


From plansponsor.com

Committee to Pursue Policy Objectives for Multiemployer PlansOut of Pocket Health Costs Could Lead Some to Dip into Retirement SavingsESG Means More Than Negative Stock ScreensRetirement Industry People MovesGuidelines for Keeping HSAs Not Subject to ERISAGAO Recommends Phased Retirement to Preserve Boomers' Knowledge Base





Plan Sponsor ProfileMeeting Participant Goals


From plansponsor.com

2015 PLANSPONSOR TDF Buyer's Guide2013 PLANSPONSOR DC Survey: Plan BenchmarkingRK Survey 2012






Plan Sponsor ProfileMeeting Participant Goals


From plansponsor.com

A Look at Proposals to Shore Up Social SecurityMany Employees Would Choose Student Loan Assistance Over 401kERISA Suit Challenging Voya Stable Value Funds RejectedLongevity Annuities Can Improve DC Plan Participant Retirement WealthEmployers Must Assess HSA Fiduciary Exposure



 



SPONSORED MESSAGES







 


Get PLANSPONSOR Email   


*
*

 NewsDash (i)PLANSPONSOR’s Newsdash: The industry’s leading daily source for information focused on the critical issues impacting benefits industry professionals.
 (b)lines(i)PLANSPONSOR's (b)lines: The newsletter designed to help 403(b) plan managers and advisers stay on top of the fast moving changes and developments in this evolving market.
 Thought Leadership(i)PLANSPONSOR’s Thought Leadership: Monthly round-up of sponsored thought-leadership Q&As, interviews and videos.



 

Most popular

Most Read 
Most E-mailed 
1BenefitsA Look at Proposals to Shore Up Social Security2BenefitsEmployers Have Shifted Allocation of Benefits Dollars3ComplianceERISA Suit Challenging Voya Stable Value Funds Rejected4Deals and PeopleRetirement Industry People Moves July 10 to July 145Research2017 Recordkeeping Survey1BenefitsA Look at Proposals to Shore Up Social Security2BenefitsMany Employees Would Choose Student Loan Assistance Over 401k3ComplianceERISA Suit Challenging Voya Stable Value Funds Rejected4Data and ResearchLongevity Annuities Can Improve DC Plan Participant Retirement Wealth5ComplianceEmployers Must Assess HSA Fiduciary Exposure



 

Upcoming Events
More Events 





Thought Leadership  Roundtables

Eliminating a Fiduciary Blind SpotSponsored by New York Life MainStay InvestmentsCorporate Tax Cut? Profit Repatriation?  Rising Interest Rates? Sponsored by Pacific LifeStable Value Protection and Growth: Not Mutually ExclusiveSponsored by MetLife

More Thought Leadership 







Plansponsor Interview Spotlight

Re-enrollment & Financial Wellness: An interview with Charlie Nelson of Voya Financial. Pt.1Sponsored by Voya Financial

More videos 









Home
Administration
H/R Benefits
Investing 
Deals and People 
Products
Compliance
Data and research 
Participants


News & Columns
Events & webcasts
Research
Video
Newsletter
Thought Leadership
Magazine

view desktop versionBack To Top 





  

BrightScope
CIO
FWW
Global Custodian
Investor Economics
LiquidMetrix
Market Metrics
Matrix Solutions
PLANADVISER
Plan For Life
PLANSPONSOR
Simfund
The Trade

Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations. 












































IBM Retirement Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 2:36 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of IBM Retirement Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
IBM Retirement Fund is a privately owned investment manager. IBM Retirement Fund is a corporate pension fund with approximately $40 billion in assets under management. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative markets of the United States. It also invests in private equity, venture capital, mezzanine, and real estate opportunities. The firm also acts as a limited partner for various investment vehicles. It typically commits a minimum of $25 million per partnership. The firm prefers to allocate a maximum of 10% to alternative investments. IBM Retirement Fund was founded in 1983 is based in Stamford, Connecticut.


1133 Westchester AvenueWhite Plains, NY 10604United StatesFounded in 1983



Phone: 914-642-3060








Key Executives for IBM Retirement Fund




Mr. Steven Goldmark


      	Senior Investment Manager of Real Estate
      








Mr. John Picone Jr.


      	Senior Investment Manager of Private Equity
      








Ms. Betty Sheets


      	Senior Investment Manager of Private Equity
      








Mr. James H. Rich CFA


      	Chief Investment Strategist
      








Mr. Robert Frank Ploder CFA


      	Senior Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact IBM Retirement Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Not Just Buffett: IBM Unit Sells IBM, Wells Fargo - Barron's










































































 







 



 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




Inside Scoop

Not Just Buffett: IBM Unit Sells IBM, Wells Fargo
The IBM Retirement Fund has sold off stocks, not even sparing its own. At least it still has more Apple than IBM.


 







By

Ed Lin

 Biography




 




Updated May 12, 2017 1:09 p.m. ET


International Business Machines’ pension fund recently took a merciless axe to its equities portfolio in the last quarter, and not even its parent was spared.  IBM (ticker: IBM) Retirement Fund chopped down holdings in its company’s stock to 12,451 shares as of March 31 from 82,802 on Dec. 31. It also broke the bank with Wells Fargo (WFC), reducing its stake to 65,000 shares from over 430,000. Warren Buffett made headlines as...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 



 








 


Most Popular


1.
A Mini-Berkshire Ready to Break Out


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
3 Growth Stocks That Really Are Growing


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
How to Deregulate Wall Street (Without Causing a Crash)


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
T-Bill Yields Edge Up on Debt-Ceiling Anxieties


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
8 Aerospace-Defense Stocks With Juicy Yields


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay



2




Do You Tip Your Uber Driver?



3




Tinder Sets Match on Fire




 




 





















IBM freezes pension, switches to 401(k) - CNET












Tech Industry
IBM freezes pension, switches to 401(k)
To save billions of dollars, Big Blue is halting contributions to its pension fund and shifting workers to an expanded 401(k).

by  


Stephen Shankland



January 5, 2006 4:29 PM PST

































 





























IBM announced major changes in its retirement plan on Thursday, freezing its pension fund and shifting employees instead to an expanded 401(k), in a move the company said would save it billions of dollars in coming years.


IBM will stop contributing to its pension fund on Dec. 31, 2007, the company said. Employee benefits from that defined benefit plan will remain fixed, instead of growing each year. At that point, it will begin a new 401(k) defined contribution plan, into which it will pay as much as 10 percent of an employee's annual salary.


The change should save $450 million to $500 million in 2006 and $2.5 billion to $3 billion for 2006 through 2010, based on current pension assumptions, IBM said. However, the technology giant expects to record a one-time $270 million charge related to the change in its fourth quarter of 2005.


"We're taking these actions to better control retirement plan expenses, position the company for business growth and competitive strength, and preserve employees' earned retirement benefits, while instituting a leading-edge 401(k) plan that will be one of the richest in the country and a standard in the United States," Randy MacDonald, IBM's senior vice president of human resources, said in a statement. 

"We also believe these are prudent and balanced steps at a time of uncertainty and conflicting legislative and regulatory directions about defined benefit retirement plans in the United States."


 
IBM has made several changes to its retiree plans already. The company modified its pension plan in 1999, a move that led to legal battles with newer employees. Starting in 2005, new employees weren't offered a pension at all.

There are two general types of retirement plans: defined benefit plans, such as pensions, in which an employer makes payments to retirees based on factors such as years of service; and defined contribution plans, such as 401(k)s, in which employers contribute money to investments that the employee manages.


The shift away from traditional pensions is becoming common, as companies shun the uncertainties and often significant costs of pensions and try to become more competitive, said Dallas Salisbury, president of the Employee Benefit Research Institute.


"Carrying a very different cost structure than your competitors and having an element of unpredictability relative to competitors has caused many companies to move away from defined benefit plans," Salisbury said.


One problem has been that pension funds are related to unpredictable interest rates or investment returns, which mean pension-holding companies have to pay correspondingly unpredictable amounts of money into them. 


"9/11 comes along and causes your pension portfolio to go down, and causes it to look like you didn't earn any money," Salisbury said. Those uncertainties are being increased by legislative changes, he added.


Another complication of defined benefit plans has been the required payments to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corp., a federal entity established to protect pensions. IBM expected to pay $500 million to the PBGC in 2005, but because of low short-term interest rates, the company had to pay $1.2 billion for the year, the company said.


IBM's action won't affect current retirees or those who retire by Dec. 31, 2007, the company said.


Among retirees, 81 percent are expected to have the same or better
benefits under the new plan, IBM spokesman Clint Roswell said. The remaining 19 percent are people in the old pension plan who were still relatively far away from retirement age, he said, and that population will receive on average 12 percent less than they would have under the old pension plan.


The new 2008 plan will have three categories of employees, Roswell said. For those with the pre-1999 pension plan, IBM will match contributions of up to 6 percent of an employee's salary and add 4 percent on top. For those in the pension plan that ran through 2004, IBM will match 6 percent and add 2 percent. For those hired in 2005 or later, it will match 5 percent and add 1 percent.


 
IBM's 401(k) is relatively munificent, Salisbury said. "If you focus exclusively on the relative generosity of defined contribution plans, IBM's defined contribution plans are in the top 2 to 3 percent," he said. "Among 401(k) plans, they're in the top 1 percent."


IBM's pension fund has more than $48 billion in assets, and its 401(k) plan has more than $26 billion in assets, the company said. More than 90 percent of its employees in the United States already were members of the 401(k) plan.













 



 Close




Discuss: IBM freezes pension, switches to 401(k)


Guidelines



Log In


Please log in to CNET to comment


Post Comment As...

 





Next Article:
            Cartoon bunnies are hacking your brain
        








 

 



﻿

























IBM Retirement Fund Sells 13,769 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Northrop Grumman Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Northrop Grumman Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Masco Corp (NYSE:MAS) Shares Bought by FNY Partners Fund LP
Chipmos Technologies Ltd. (IMOS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Irhythm Tech (IRTC) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
HCA Holdings, Inc. (HCA) Shares Sold by Magellan Asset Management Ltd
Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) Shares Sold by HighTower Advisors LLC
CACI International (NYSE:CACI) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Sells 1,306 Shares of Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (LW)
Insider Selling: U S Concrete, Inc. (USCR) CEO Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock
Quantum Corporation (NYSE:QTM) Receiving Very Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT)
United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
$1.11 Billion in Sales Expected for Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) This Quarter
$295.60 Million in Sales Expected for Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (RHP) This Quarter
Meridian Wealth Management LLC Cuts Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Has $62.27 Million Position in ProAssurance Corporation (NYSE:PRA)
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (NYSE:PCG) Position Increased by Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Invests $8.94 Million in Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ASH)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Has $59.93 Million Position in Alliant Energy Corporation (NYSE:LNT)
Bank of Nova Scotia Invests $2.30 Million in Blue Buffalo Pet Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:BUFF)
Ashford Capital Management Inc. Increases Stake in Equinix, Inc. (NASDAQ:EQIX)


 


IBM Retirement Fund Sells 13,769 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 

IBM Retirement Fund decreased its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) by 88.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 1,857 shares of the aerospace company’s stock after selling 13,769 shares during the period. IBM Retirement Fund’s holdings in Northrop Grumman Corporation were worth $589,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Horan Capital Management bought a new stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $115,000. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. boosted its stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. now owns 501 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $119,000 after buying an additional 9 shares in the last quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC now owns 531 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 34 shares in the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 12.4% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 590 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Portfolio Solutions LLC bought a new stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $141,000. 81.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) traded up 0.26% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $264.92. The company had a trading volume of 388,605 shares. Northrop Grumman Corporation has a 52-week low of $206.69 and a 52-week high of $266.74. The company has a market capitalization of $46.25 billion, a PE ratio of 20.73 and a beta of 0.67. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $258.85 and a 200 day moving average price of $245.39. 


 Get Northrop Grumman Corporation alerts:



Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aerospace company reported $3.63 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.90 by $0.73. The business had revenue of $6.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.15 billion. Northrop Grumman Corporation had a return on equity of 38.20% and a net margin of 9.20%. Northrop Grumman Corporation’s quarterly revenue was up 5.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $3.03 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Northrop Grumman Corporation will post $12.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Shareholders of record on Monday, June 5th were paid a $1.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, June 1st. This is a positive change from Northrop Grumman Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.90. This represents a $4.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.51%. Northrop Grumman Corporation’s payout ratio is presently 31.27%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “IBM Retirement Fund Sells 13,769 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC)” was reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/ibm-retirement-fund-lowers-stake-in-northrop-grumman-corporation-noc-updated-updated.html. 
NOC has been the topic of a number of research reports. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $243.00 target price on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $270.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Cowen and Company reissued a “hold” rating and set a $275.00 target price on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Monday. Finally, Vertical Research upgraded shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $254.00 to $270.00 in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $253.64.
In other news, VP Sid Ashworth sold 3,847 shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $260.00, for a total value of $1,000,220.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 69,458 shares in the company, valued at $18,059,080. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Wesley G. Bush sold 33,976 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $244.74, for a total value of $8,315,286.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 1 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $244.74. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 67,654 shares of company stock worth $16,773,256. Corporate insiders own 0.70% of the company’s stock. 
About Northrop Grumman Corporation
Northrop Grumman Corporation is a global security company. The Company provides products, systems and solutions in autonomous systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike, and logistics and modernization. The Company’s segments include Aerospace Systems, Mission Systems and Technology Services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













IBM - United States





























United States








IBM


























The new digital economy is based on trust
Deliver greater security, transparency and agility

Meet the new IBM Z mainframe



See how you can create confidence in every interaction
















This week at IBM









A company can make your world a better place
Read about IBM’s approach to corporate responsibility in the 2016 year in review

Explore the new report












You own the information. But can you use it?
Turn data lakes into data libraries with tools to inventory, organize and govern your data

Try InfoSphere Information Governance Catalog at no charge












The right training can turn your IT challenges into wins
Join the experts in New Orleans for a deep dive into IBM Power Systems and IBM Storage

Oct. 16-20. Register by July 23 and save $400.













Inside IBM

See more stories










Cognitive tech will disrupt your industry
High-performing companies are adopting digital operations to stay ahead of the pack

Read the IBV report to learn how












Healthcare to the power of IBM
‘I can read 5,000 new medical studies a day and still see patients’

See how it works












Serverless tech, smarter apps
Enhance enterprise apps and transform legacy systems with serverless and APIs

Watch the demo and get the code






















Art speaks for itself in São Paolo

A museum turns its audio tour interactive using Watson Conversation to answer visitors’ questions

Explore Watson APIs










Explore online product trials

See more products


Shop for great deals










Watson Developer Cloud
Add cognitive functionality to your application or service

Try free Watson APIs












Watson Virtual Agent
Provide personalized help while reducing customer support costs

Try it free for 30 days












IBM MaaS360 with Watson
Simplify your mobile device management and security with one solution

Start your free 30-day trial now












How your business can get smarter








Analytics
Gain greater insights and innovate faster







Cloud
Innovate with the cloud built for business







Customer Engagement
Create customer relationships that last









IT Infrastructure
Build the foundation for cognitive business







IT Services
Transform your business with our expertise







Financing
We finance possibilities









Mobile
Develop and deploy trusted mobile experiences







Security
Prevent, detect and respond to enterprise threats







Watson
Engage the power of cognitive computing











How can we help?








Support portal
Get help today for the IBM services and software you own







IBM Knowledge Center
Find answers quickly in official IBM product documentation







Redbooks
Complimentary, step-by-step guides for download and mobile









developerWorks
Explore technical topics, find trial software and join the community







Learning Lab
Grow skills with curated online courses and cognitive apps







IBM Training and Skills
Start your learning journey, build expertise and get recognized




















IBM CEO Ginni Rometty at HIMSS17




































IBM Watson - Build Your Cognitive Business with IBM















United States
English English







IBM










 




Watson



Products and Services


Developers

Overview
Documentation
Community



Focus areas

Commerce
Education
Financial Services
Health
IoT
Marketing
Supply Chain
Talent
Work



Blog


Get Started Free










Do your best work with Watson
							With Watson, you have the AI platform for business. Uncover insights, engage in new ways, make decisions with more confidence and do your best work with Watson, today.


Explore Watson APIs
See Watson products














Do your best work with Watson
							With Watson, you have the AI platform for business. Uncover insights, engage in new ways, make decisions with more confidence and do your best work with Watson, today.


Explore Watson APIs
See Watson products


























Improve customer serviceWith Watson, you can build chatbots and virtual agents that answer your customers’ questions, responding to their needs quickly and efficiently.

Learn more















Watson is working alongside people in 45 countries and 20 industries to help businesses work faster and work smarter.
Learn more





Want to build a chatbot? Whether you're a developer looking to create your own or a business looking to implement one without building from scratch, Watson can help.


Learn more









Own your own data with Watson

Learn more






							IBM protects your data leveraging world class security and encryption capabilities.
					

						IBM will not share your data with anyone without your agreement.
					

						IBM does not share insights derived from your data. Your unique insights are your competitive advantage.
					










Watson can understand all forms of data, interact naturally with people, and learn and reason, at scale.














                        pictogram-analyze_interpret
                      








                        pictogram-language_translation
                      









                        pictogram-concept_insights
                      





Understand
With Watson, you can analyze and interpret all of your data, including unstructured text, images, audio and video.







                        pictogram-smile_frown_chat
                      









                        pictogram-personality_insights
                      






                        pictogram-personalized_recommendations
                      






Reason
With Watson, you can provide personalized recommendations by understanding a user's personality, tone, and emotion.















                        pictogram-tradeoff_analytics
                      






                        pictogram-alchemy_data_news
                      






                        pictogram-utilize_machine_learning
                      






Learn
With Watson, you can utilize machine learning to grow the subject matter expertise in your apps and systems.







                        pictogram-natural_language_classifier
                      






                        pictogram-q_a
                      









                        pictogram-speech_to_text
                      







Interact
With Watson, you can create chat bots that can engage in dialog.













Watson is available as a set of open APIs and SaaS products.












Start building with Watson APIs
Tap into the power of Watson through APIs that allow you to build cognition into your apps and products, whether it’s a web or native app, or even robotics.


 












Sample code
Get a jumpstart building your cognitive app with an all-in-one kit that includes boilerplate code, helper libraries and an example application.

Browse all sample code























Starter kits
Get a jumpstart building your cognitive app with code examples that combine multiple services for common use cases.

Explore starter kits



















Browse Watson APIs and try for free on Bluemix, IBM's PaaS.






Browse all APIs
Try free on Bluemix














Gain insights with Watson
We offer solutions and applications for a range of industries to gain insights from unstructured data and scale your employee's expertise.


 












Watson Conversation
Quickly build, test and deploy bots or virtual agents across mobile devices, messaging platforms, or even on a physical robot to create natural conversations between your apps and users.

Learn more






Watch the video














Watson Discovery
Rapidly build a cognitive search and content analytics engine. Watson Discovery helps developers quickly ingest data to find hidden patterns and answers, enabling better decisions across teams.

Learn more






Watch the video












See how you can transform your industry or profession with Watson.






Browse all products








 
 
 
 






 



 































































































IBM Marketplace | IBM











































IBM
















Marketplace 



Category


Cloud


Cognitive


Commerce


Data and Analytics


Enterprise and Business Solutions


IT Infrastructure


IT Services


Internet of Things


Mobile


Security


Social




Learning Lab


Discounts




























 Welcome to IBM Marketplace Shop hardware, software and services from IBM and our partners. Learn more



  Watson Virtual Agent

  Provide personalized help while reducing customer support costs


  Start your free trial





  IBM SPSS Statistics

  Get advanced statistical analysis with a flexible subscription service




  Buy now and save 10%




  Watson Developer Cloud

  Add cognitive functionality to your application or service




  Try free Watson APIs








Categories
Narrow your search to the products and services that suit you best








Cloud










Commerce










Enterprise and Business Solutions










IT Infrastructure










Security










IT Services











Cognitive










Data and Analytics










Internet of Things










Mobile










Social










Discounts









  Marketplace spotlight

  Browse featured products, services and other popular picks







  Save 10%

  IBM Watson Content Hub


  Create, manage and deliver engaging and relevant customer experiences




 $250 USD per month

Learn more






  IBM MaaS360 with Watson


  Add analytics and data insights to your mobile management platform




 $3 USD per managed client device per month

Learn more








  IBM WebSphere Application Server


  Create, connect and deploy Java applications on the cloud in minutes




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more






  IBM Watson Analytics


  Get answers in minutes with smart data discovery and visualization




 $30 USD per user per month

Learn more









  New products and services

   Check out the latest offerings from IBM and our partners






  IBM z14


  Deliver trusted digital experiences with the newest IBM mainframe




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more






  Microservice Builder


  Quickly develop and deliver microservices, hybrid and Docker apps




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more








  IBM Process Transformation Manager


  Infuse your business processes with operational intelligence




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more






  IBM DataPower Gateway


  Speed workloads and boost security with a single, multichannel gateway




 Contact us for pricing

Learn more














  Learning Lab

  Find online courses and use cases for development, FinTech and marketing pros


  Learning Lab













  Special offers

  Get limited-time offers and discounts on popular products


  Shop for savings













Talk to a product expert














                        Live Chat
                    








1-877-426-3774
Priority Code:  Portfolio












Email



















































IBM Cognitive Stories


















IBM















Watson



APIs


Products


Focus areas

Commerce
Education
Financial Services
Health
IoT
Marketing
Supply Chain
Talent
Work



Built with Watson









What’s Watson working on today?


Discover Watson
Explore Watson Services for developers





  
















												 Today, in 45 countries and 20
												industries, people are working with Watson to help make better
												decisions and make their best work better. How can Watson help you?													 
												 
											









KONE with Watson
Working with Watson IoT, KONE is able to analyze data from millions of elevators and other equipment to keep a billion people a day moving safely, smoothly and efficiently.
                            
Find out more











Quest Diagnostics with Watson
Working with IBM Watson, Quest Diagnostics is able to compare data from a patient’s tumor DNA with millions of relevant pages of medical and
                        clinical data. This information can support doctors’ efforts to help deliver personalized therapeutic options for more patients.
Find out more











Basketball with Watson
The Toronto Raptors are using Watson in combination with its own analytics to help find the rights players at the right price in the draft and free agency.
                        
Find out more











Contact us
How can we help you?



Contact an IBM representative






												How does Watson work?
											


Watch the video




For Developers & IT

												   Build innovative cognitive apps with Watson 
												on IBM Cloud:
												

Try the IBM Bluemix cloud platform for free
Integrate cloud apps with ease

Watson Products
Watson products and apps can help illuminate insights and bring the power of
												cognitive computing to your organization.
												
View products












E. & J. Gallo
A family-owned winery teams up with Watson to develop an advanced irrigation system to improve their vineyard.
Find out more











Korean Air with Watson
Working with Watson, Korean Air is able to search vast amounts of data to improve operational efficiency and on-time performance. 
                        
Find out more











Woodside Energy with Watson
Woodside Energy is working with Watson so every engineer can instantly access 30 years of experience.
                        
Learn how















Insurance with Watson
Working with Watson, insurance companies are assessing millions of claims 25% faster. 
                        
Find out more









Guiding Eyes with Watson
Guide dogs are often the eyes of the blind. By working with IBM Watson, Guiding Eyes for the Blind 
                              can increase dog graduation rates—and help match the right dogs to the right people.
                            
Read more











UNC with Watson
To expand targeted therapeutic options for patients, University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center researchers worked with Watson for Genomics.
Learn more











Also recommended for you 










Alder Hey with Watson
Can an app help calm an anxious patient? 
Find out more





H&R Block with Watson
Are you leaving money on the table? H&R Block with Watson can help.
See how





How can a plane and pilot think their way to smooth air?
Turbulence is not just a matter of comfort. It affects operations and
        costs airlines over $100 million
        a year in increased maintenance and
        operational costs due to delays and re-routing. 
Read more













Marchesa and Watson worked together to create a dress that thinks.
Marchesa worked with Watson advanced sensory APIs to create a dress
                        that understands and responds to its fans.
                         
                        Watson scanned
                        vast volumes of fan social data to enable the dress to change color in
                        response to social sentiment.
Learn more





With Watson, Olli, a self-driving vehicle, can chat with passengers.
Olli is a self-driving vehicle that talks to passengers. And listens.
                                Created by Local Motors and enhanced by Watson IoT and Watson APIs, you can ask Olli a
                                question—where’s a good place for dinner—and Olli will answer and take you there. 
Learn more





Companies in 45 countries and 20 industries are working with Watson.
Watson is working with businesses, scientists, and governments to help them make better decisions, and make their best work better.
See how













Can data help an athlete run faster?
Orreco is working with Watson to use biomarker data to optimize the performance of its athletes.
See how





Hidden Figures
Overlooked heroes from technology’s early days inspire tomorrow’s STEM leaders.
Learn more





Cognitive music
In the cognitive era, artists like Alex Da Kid can collaborate with Watson,
                            to make hits from volumes of data. Watson gives artists the tools they need to see inspiration
                            in places they never could before.
Read more













Watson for cyber security is here.
Watson for cyber security can draw the latest security intelligence from millions of security blogs, online forums and white papers — so you can
        see threats unseen by other systems.
Learn more about Watson for cyber security.













Share this page:


Share on Twitter


Share on Facebook


Share on Linkedin























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












IRA Account | TD Ameritrade


























































































			Open New Account


Log In


















Need Login Help?

Choose a start page




My Account Overview (Home)


Balances


Stock Quote


Order Status


Positions


Trade Stocks


Trade Options


Trade Mutual Funds


Trading Tools
































Share


Facebook


Twitter


Google+


LinkedIn


Email










Home


Retirement

Retirement Offering


























Get in touch
Call, email 24/7 or visit a branch

Call us: 800-454-9272
Email us
100+ Branches Nationwide
 












Take 15 minutes and open an IRA


+ get up to $600**


See details


Open new account


































There are 1,440 minutes in a day. Use 15 to open an IRA.


Open New Account



Open an IRA in as little as 15 minutes* and get up to $600** when you fund your account. We make it easier with helpful guidance and a wide array of investment choices. And if you have questions, our retirement consultants are here to help.








Why a TD Ameritrade IRA?










Our team is yours

Our retirement consultants can help you bring your assets together and even talk to your old financial firm with you to help facilitate your transfer. Or get started with our Financial Consultants during a complimentary goal planning session, where we can help you set your goals.
Contact UsGoal Planning





Smart tools

Use the Retirement Calculator to learn how much you may need to invest to reach your goal or the IRA Selection Tool to help you determine your IRA eligibility and how much you may be able to contribute to a Roth or Traditional IRA.
Retirement CalculatorIRA Selection Tool





Potential IRA tax benefits

See the differences between Traditional and Roth IRAs. For example, while both offer tax-advantaged ways to invest for retirement, a Traditional IRA offers the potential for an upfront tax break, while a Roth IRA allows for tax-free withdrawals down the road.
Should You Choose a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Empowering  education 

Get the information you need to set and pursue your retirement goals. Browse our exclusive videos, try out our tools and trading platforms and listen to our webcasts to help you figure out a retirement strategy that makes sense for you.
Try the Educational Tools





All your assets  in one place 

When you consolidate your accounts into a TD Ameritrade IRA, you get more out of your investments. And with our straightforward and transparent pricing, there are no hidden fees, so you keep more of your money working harder for you.
 
A rollover is not your only alternative when dealing with old retirement plans. Learn more about your rollover alternatives.
Get Straightforward Pricing





Objective research 

Third-party research such as Market Movers by CFRA (formerly S&P Capital IQ) and On the Edge technical analysis from Market Edge®.
Explore Third-Party Research





Investment guidance

No two financial goals are the same. That is why we offer guidance that is tailored to your needs. Let's team up to help you find a retirement solution.
Learn More About Investment Guidance










A wide array of investment choices
We're here to help you build a financial future that fits your goals and that means having a wide array of investment choices available so you can:









Build it yourself
Access 100+ commission-free ETFs, no-transaction-fee mutual funds, bonds and CDs. And with proper approval, you can even trade options and futures right inside your IRA.




Build it with us
Professionally managed portfolios offered by our advisory affiliate, TD Ameritrade Investment Management, LLC designed to help you pursue your financial needs as they grow and change.












Take 15 minutes and open an IRA+ get up to $600 cash**See detailsOpen New Account



















Check the background of TD Ameritrade on FINRA's BrokerCheck










































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































