






InEnTec | Clean Planet Technologies

























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 





 




 
 
Today’s Waste … Tomorrow’s Clean Energy℠
 
InEnTec® patented Plasma Enhanced Melter® technology solves two of the world’s most perplexing challenges: disposing of waste in a safe, environmentally-responsible manner and producing valuable, clean products from recycled materials. Without using combustion or incineration, PEM® technology can transform virtually any waste—hazardous, medical, industrial, and municipal—into ultra-clean energy, electricity, and industrial materials. Proven, efficient, and cost-effective, PEM technology provides a clean, green path to a sustainable future.
 
 
 
 






 

The PEM Process
InEnTec’s Plasma Enhanced Melter breaks materials apart into their elemental components (such as hydrogen, carbon, and oxygen) and then transforms those elements into synthesis gas (syngas), one of the basic building blocks of the chemical and energy industries. Syngas can be further processed to meet specific customer requirements. Any waste not converted into syngas gets turned into Synglass™ material, which has many industrial uses. More

 
 
 




 

Greener and Safer
The PEM process is superior to competing methods of waste treatment and disposal, based on its economic and environmental advantages. PEM can used across a wide variety of applications, including distributed power generation and transportation fuels production.  More

 
 
 





Proven Technology
In 1996 InEnTec constructed the first PEM facility at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington.  The system began operations in April 1997 and remains in use today for client demonstrations, treatability studies on new or customer-specific feedstocks, research and development of operating parameters and equipment upgrades. InEnTec has been building PEMs ever since.  More


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















PEM Facilities | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 






PEM Facilities

InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC – Model G100P
Waste Management Columbia Ridge Landfill, Arlington, OR, USA
InEnTec Columbia Ridge LLC owns a gasification facility that includes InEnTec’s Model G100P PEM® system.  The facility has demonstrated the ability to convert municipal solid waste (household trash) into ultra-clean syngas that can be used to produce renewable hydrogen. The G100P represents a significant commercial advancement of the PEM technology as it provides a nearly 500% increase in throughput over a G100 unit.


Dow Corning Corporation – Model G500
 Midland, MI, USA
Dow Corning Corporation owns a Model G500 PEM at its facility in Midland, Michigan that is designed to convert industrial byproducts into hydrochloric acid, syngas, and Synglass.

Transportable Model G30
 Various Locations
The Model G30 is a fully contained and self-sufficient transportable PEM system on two flat-bed trailers.  The system was demonstrated in March 2007 at Fort Riley Army Base in Kansas, processing municipal solid waste.  The syngas produced by the system was used as fuel in a dual-fuel diesel genset mounted on the second flat bed trailer.  The G30 has been moved to other locations to process various materials, including debris from tornado and storm activity and various wastes from chemical plants.












Global Plasma Technology Limited – Model G100
 Kuan Yin (Taipei), Taiwan R.O.C.
A Model G100 PEM was purchased by Global Plasma for processing medical waste in Kuan Yin, Taiwan (near Taipei); It processed a variety of waste streams including medical waste, batteries, spent solvents, lab packs, and mercury vapor lamps.  The syngas generated from the process was used in a dual-fueled diesel engine to produce electricity.










Kawasaki Plant Systems – Model G100
 Harima, Japan
The G100 PEM used by Kawasaki in Okinawa for PCB processing (listed below) was disassembled and re-installed it in Harima, Japan.  In April 2006, it began operating again to demonstrate the destruction of asbestos materials for potential Kawasaki clients.





















Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. – Model G100
 Okinawa, Japan
InEnTec sold Kawasaki a Model G100 PEM that Kawasaki used in 2003 in Okinawa, Japan to demonstrate the effectiveness of the PEM for destroying PCB oil and PCB-contaminated materials.  The test program was successful, and the PEM is now approved by the Japanese government for PCB destruction.







The Boeing Company – Model G60
 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
The Boeing Company purchased a Model G60 PEM in 2001 and delivered the unit in early 2002 to BioPure Systems SDN BHD in Malaysia, a company Boeing established to own and operate the system.
Fuji Kaihatsu Ltd. – Model G300
 Iizuka City, Japan
InEnTec sold a Model G300 PEM to Fuji Kaihatsu Ltd. for processing wood and plastic waste, using the syngas to produce electric power.  The facility began operatingin July 2002 and Fuji changed the feedstock to electronic scrap shortly after the system came on-line in order to extract gold and copper.



















Asia Pacific Environmental Technologies, Inc. (APET) – Model G100
 Kapolei, HI, USA
APET purchased a Model G100 PEM in 2000 and operations began in February, 2001 processing medical waste and using the syngas for fuel in dual-fueled gas genset that provided power to the PEM.
















Allied Technology Group, Inc – Model G200
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec sold its first commercial PEM system to ATG in 1999 for processing mixed hazardous and radioactive wastes.  It was the first facility in the U.S. to receive a mixed RCRA / TSCA permit.  The system began operating in September 2000.












InEnTec LLC – Model G200 (Commercial Prototype)
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec constructed a Model G200 PEM at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington as the first commercial-scale prototype.  In 1999 this system was used in performance tests conducted by the Environmental Technology Evaluation Center (“EvTEC”).  The EvTEC testing data served as the technical basis for the first-ever RCRA / TSCA Mixed Waste Permit issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.  In the U.S., “mixed waste” often refers to a combination of hazardous and nuclear waste; TSCA waste includes PCB waste.
The EvTEC data was also the basis for an “Equivalency Determination”, issued by U.S. EPA which contained EPA’s concurrence that the destructive effectiveness of the PEM exceeds the mandated requirements that apply to hazardous waste incinerators, thus making the PEM an “equivalent technology” for processing hazardous waste.
InEnTec LLC – Model G60
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec constructed a Model G60 PEM in 1998 at an Energy Northwest (formerly WPPSS) facility in Richland, Washington to develop scaling factors for larger PEM systems and to evaluate additional system components to be included on full-scale systems.  The G60 began operations in February 1999 and was run for about ten months.  After being shut down, the equipment was dismantled and certain components were incorporated into the system sold to Boeing.
InEnTec LLC – Model G10 (Process Test Facility)
 Richland, WA, USA
InEnTec constructed the first Process Test Facility PEM at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington in 1996.  The system began operations in April 1997 and remains in active use today for client demonstrations, treatability studies on new or customer-specific feedstocks, research and development of operating parameters and equipment upgrades.  It has the same unit operations as a full-scale PEM system, including the Pregasifier that is incorporated into certain PEM models.
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Board of Directors | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









Board of Directors






 





E. Gary Cook, Ph.D
Chairman
Dr. Cook is Chairman of the Board of Directors, and prior to InEnTec’s incorporation in 2011, served as Chairman of the Management Committee of InEnTec LLC since 2002.  He also currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, a building products company, and Chairman of the Board of LRM Industries, a specialized producer of very large thermoplastic products.  Dr. Cook received his B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Virginia and his Ph.D. in Chemistry from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and University. He joined E. I. DuPont in 1969 as a Research Chemist and spent 23 years with DuPont, holding a variety of senior management positions, including Vice President of Medical Products, Vice President and General Manager of Publishing and Printing, and Vice President-Corporate Plans. He joined Ethyl Corporation as Senior Vice President and President-Chemicals Group and Director in 1992. In 1994, Ethyl spun off the Chemicals Group as an independently traded specialty chemical company, Albemarle Corporation, and Dr. Cook served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Albemarle. He became Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Witco Corporation in 1996, and served in that capacity until the merger of Witco and Crompton and Knowles in 1999, at which time he was named Chairman of the merged company, CKWitco. Dr. Cook has served on numerous industry association boards, including those of the Chemical Manufacturers Association, the Soap and Detergent Association, the Graphic Arts Technical Foundation, and the Health Industry Manufacturers Association.
Jeffrey E. Surma
Vice Chairman
Mr. Surma is Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and President and Chief Executive Officer of InEnTec.  Prior to founding InEnTec, Mr. Surma was a senior research engineer at Battelle Pacific Northwest Laboratory (PNNL) where he led multimillion dollar research projects in the areas of high-level radioactive waste vitrification, electrochemical and plasma processing of waste.  Mr. Surma is an inventor on 26 US patents and various international patents and has been the author or presenter of over 50 technical papers.  Mr. Surma won the prestigious R&D 100 award four times for his work on plasma processing and associated technologies and was awarded the Pacific Northwest Directors Award for excellence in engineering.  Mr. Surma led a multi-institutional team involving PNNL and the Plasma Fusion Center at MIT to develop plasma technologies that have since been commercialized through InEnTec.  Mr. Surma holds a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Minnesota and a M.S. in Chemical Engineering from Montana State University.
Larry Dinkin
Mr. Dinkin has an extensive background in business startups and management and is one of the founders of InEnTec. He has been the key individual involved in the startup of three prior successful companies. The most recent, Marie Callender Retail Foods, grew during Mr. Dinkin’s tenure from a startup in 1987 with $2 million of venture capital to a business with over $160 million in annual sales in 1994 and was sold in September 1994 to Con Agra. Mr. Dinkin has received several business awards, including Long Island Entrepreneur of the Year from Inc. Magazine and a Clio Award for his Marie Callender design work. He was featured in the June 26, 1995, issue of Advertising Age magazine in the “Marketing 100” (the 100 hottest marketing successes) for the Marie Callender concept. Prior to his startup and management career, Mr. Dinkin worked as a computer consultant at Univac and at Coopers and Lybrand.
Robert Y. Konig
Mr. Konig is General Counsel at Broadway Healthcare, and has been designated by Moshe Isaac Foundation to be a member of InEnTecís Board.  Mr Konig worked for Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe and Weil Gotshal & Manges where he specialized in corporate and real estate transactions.  As General Counsel for Broadway Healthcare, Mr. Konig is responsible for all general legal matters as well as the oversight of significant commercial and residential real estate development activities.  Mr. Konig received his B.S. in Business Management from Yeshiva University, Syms School of Business and his J.D. from Fordham University School of Law.  Mr. Konig is active in various charities and has worked pro bono representing holocaust survivors.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















PEM Technology | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PEM Overview






 





PEM® systems provide a revolutionary way of dealing with two very pressing problems faced by today’s society: creating clean, renewable energy and waste treatment and disposal. InEnTec views the PEM system as superior to competing methods of waste treatment and disposal, based on its economic and environmental advantages and potential to be used across a wide variety of applications, including distributed power generation and transportation fuels production.  These advantages can provide:

Lower waste processing costs for the customer.
Optional on-site power generation.
Greater recycling of waste materials into commercial products, creating valuable secondary revenue streams.
Environmentally responsible operations, including reduced Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and eliminated future liability for the waste.

Traditional treatment methods do not share these benefits.  With an increased focus on environmentally responsible, economically advantageous ways of dealing with waste disposal, customers around the world seeking waste treatment services are turning more readily to new methods for managing waste.  InEnTec’s PEM system is the best available option.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Certifications | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PEM Certifications






 






The PEM® has undergone extensive environmental emissions testing by a variety of groups. This testing has been performed on commercial scale PEM systems (Models G100 and G200) by InEnTec staff or InEnTec customers using “third party” contractors for the sample acquisition and chemical analysis. For testing conducted in the USA, the sampling contractor –AmTest Air Quality — has extensive sampling experience and uses USEPA sampling protocols. The chemical analyses of the samples are performed by USEPA certified laboratories. For tests conducted by InEnTec customers in Japan and Taiwan, similar testing, sampling, and analysis protocols are used.
This section of the web site summarizes the key testing done for regulatory authorities and provides links to documents, reports, and papers associated with the testing or approvals. If there are any questions on the material presented, contact InEnTec.
Hazardous Waste Testing
The key hazardous waste testing has been the US Environmental Protection Agency’s EvTEC (Environmental Technology Evaluation Program) Program to evaluate new technologies. At the time of this test, the Civil Engineering Research Foundation (CERF) was the EPA contractor responsible for the EvTEC Program (In 2005, the EPA — CERL agreement to perform this service ended.).
The EvTEC series of tests on the Plasma Enhanced Melter (PEM) (Model G200) were conducted in early 2000. The data were analyzed, peer reviewed, and reported in Dec 2002. Download EvTEC Report or purchase from the CERF library. An abbreviated paper published in 2003 is also available.
The results of the EvTEC series of tests on hazardous waste demonstrated on a simulated hazardous waste stream that the destruction and removal efficiency (DRE) was at least two orders of magnitude greater than the RCRA DRE requirements for a hazardous waste treatment incinerator. Consequently, the EPA approved the PEM for the treatment of hazardous waste. EPA Letter.
PCB Testing by Kawasaki Heavy Industries
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (KHI) purchased a Model G100 PEM for PCB destruction in Japan. Prior to being permitted by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment, KHI had to verify that the system met Japanese requirements for destruction efficiency. The G100 was installed and testing was performed in 2003. The Japanese Industrial Waste Management Foundation reviewed the KHI test data and analyzed the results (JIWMF Report in Japanese or JIWMF Report Translation to English). The end result is the PEM is now an approved technology for PCB destruction in Japan. The results of the KHI tests have been published. IT3 2004 Paper.
Medical Waste and Electronic Scrap Testing
The same PEM facility used for the EvTEC Hazardous Waste Testing (Model G200) was also used for a series of tests on medical waste and electronic scrap. The results of these tests are also reported in the EvTEC report discussed above. EvTEC Report.
Mercury Capture Testing
In 2004, InEnTec performed a test on the efficacy of the mercury capture technology to be implemented on medical waste facilities in the future. This test was conducted on the InEnTec engineering scale PEM in the Richland, WA, Engineering Center. The testing established the effectiveness of the specialized carbon filter technology. This system effectively removed mercury to below detection levels. Mercury Capture Paper
Medical Waste Alternative Treatment Technology Approvals
One of the major market areas InEnTec is pursuing through it subsidiary, InEnTec Medical Services, LLC, (www.inentecms.com) is medical waste processing. Most states require that certain portions of the medical waste stream be incinerated. This is typically the pathological materials, pharmaceuticals, and trace chemotherapy materials. In order to qualify to treat these materials, approval as an “alternate to incineration” must be obtained.
These approvals have obtained for several states. The states having approved the PEM™ as an alternate technology are as follows (Click on state to download their approval letter):
California
New Hampshire
Oregon
Texas
New York
Michigan
Note, in both Oregon and Michigan, some portions of the waste stream are required by law to be sent to an incinerator. Since the PEM is not an incinerator, the state representatives believed that they had no discretionary capacity to approve the PEM for all waste streams even though the PEM operates at higher temperatures than do incinerators. Michigan is changing its law to reflect that other systems such as the PEM can be approved for all wastes. Once the law is changed, the PEM will be fully approved for all portions of the Michigan medical waste stream.
Air Permits and Emissions Testing
Allied Technology Group – RCRA Permit
Allied Technology Group was the first InEnTec customer to obtain a permit to process hazardous waste mixed with radioactive constituents. The permit was issued by the USEPA and the Washington Department of Ecology.
Taiwan – Global Plasma
Global Plasma performed a performance test for the Taiwan Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in early 2006. This system processes medical waste and batteries. Syngas is used in a dual fueled diesel engine to produce electric power. Global Plasma has received approval to operate under the Taiwan EPA operating permit process.
California Air Permit
InEnTec Medical Services California, LLC obtained two approvals for a permit-to-construct (Air Permits) for a medical waste treatment facility in Northern California (Tehama County Air Pollution Control District) in July 2005. A California environmentalist activist organization along with a local group organized by the activists filed an appeal to the local Air Pollution Control District citizen based Hearing Board. The appeal basically claimed the local Air Pollution Control District erred in issuing the permits. Due largely to the complex legal and scientific issues involved, the citizen board agreed with the appellants’ positions and the InEnTec permits were withdrawn.
InEnTec filed its own appeal of the Hearing Board’s findings in the Tehama County Superior Court because we believed that the Hearing Board failed to correctly interpret the law and incorrectly overturned the permits. On Jan 26, 2007, Tehama County Superior Court, Judge John K. Letton, issued his ruling. Judge Letton, in a detailed 35 page ruling, found all 25 of the Hearing Board’s findings without merit (Press Release). Judge Letton further required that “The Hearing Board shall give proper notice and hold a further hearing in this matter no later than February 16, 2007. The Board may continue that hearing from time to time, but the Board shall issue its final written decision/order and findings no later than March 2, 2007.” The Hearing Board met on February 16, 2007 and reviewed their previous findings in light of Judge Letton’s ruling and voted to reinstate the permits on a 3 to 0 vote. Judge Letton’s complete ruling may be downloaded here.
Following the Hearing Board 3-0 ruling against the appeal of the permits, the activists filed another appeal that claimed the Hearing Board should not have ruled without its fourth member present (he was out of town at the time of the Feb 16, 2007 meeting). This appeal was upheld and the hearing board was required to set aside their earlier decision and review the air permit appeal according to the original instructions given by Judge Letton. The Hearing Board met again on September 10, 2007 and this time ruled 3-1 against the air permit appeal. The local news paper, the Red Bluff Daily News, had the following editorial following that latest hearing (download here).
Recycling Determination
InEnTec has applied for and obtained approval from various state agencies for a RCRA recycle determination (40CFR261). These approvals have numerous regulatory and economic advantages for InEnTec and its customers. The PEMTM process recycles feedstock materials into such useful products as clean hydrogen, and alcohols such as methanol and ethanol.
Recycle approval requires that the feedstock have a significant hydrocarbon content and, when processed in the PEMTM gasification system, produce significant syngas. The syngas may be used directly or further processed into other products.
Approval by a state agency is generally done on a case by case basis. Contact InEnTec for more information relative to your situation.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

















Process Details | InEnTec
























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 









PEM Process Details






 







The PEM® system uses heating from electrically conducting gas (a plasma) to convert waste feeds to valuable products.  PEM systems are highly effective in processing a wide variety of waste streams, including hazardous, medical, radioactive, industrial, municipal and tire wastes; transforming them into valuable commercial products including energy (ultra-clean power generation or transportation fuels production, using the syngas) and industrial materials (chemicals from the syngas; roofing tiles, insulating panels, sand-blasting media and other construction-related products from the glass; and recoverable metals). The PEM system is environmentally attractive based on its minimal environmental impact and ability to provide near-total destruction of organic materials (providing large volume and weight reduction).
Feed Systems:
Feedstock is introduced to the PEM process through a feed system designed specifically for the type of materials being processed.
Pregasifier:
The Pregasifier acts as a ìpreliminaryî processing zone in which a majority (approximately 80%) of the organic portion of the feedstock is converted to syngas.  The remaining feedstock, consisting of inorganic materials (dirt, glass and metal for example), carbon, and other un-processed organics pass through to the outlet at the bottom of the Pregasifier and into the PEM Process Chamber.
PEM Process Chamber:
The remaining feed materials from the Pregasifier are dropped onto a molten glass surface near the plasma-arc zone, within the PEM Process Chamber.  The plasma arc provides the intense energy needed to rapidly gasify the remaining organic materials, converting them to syngas.  The remaining inorganic components are incorporated into the molten glass bath.  The syngas exits the PEM Process Chamber and flows to the Thermal Residence Chamber (TRC).
Thermal Residence Chamber (TRC):
Syngas streams from the Pregasifier and the PEM process chamber are ducted to the TRC, which is designed to provide additional residence time at a high enough temperature to fully process any remaining organic materials present in the syngas and allow the gasification reaction to reach equilibrium.
AC and DC Power Supplies:
The primary power supply system for the PEM introduces both joule-heating and plasma energy into the PEM Process Chamber by means of separate power supplies for the DC plasma and the AC joule heating system.  The DC power is used to produce the plasma-arc, which provides most of the energy for gasification of the feed material.  The independent AC power heats and maintains the glass bath temperature, allowing the plasma-arc power to be focused on the gasification process and not on maintaining the molten pool (as in typical plasma-based systems).
Drain Power Supplies:
The drain power supplies are used to operate the drains, which allow molten glass and metal to be removed from the system during operation.
Syngas Cleaning:
The syngas leaving the TRC is cleaned and conditioned in a series of standard processes to prepare it for use in any final products.
Syngas Products:
The syngas may be used for a variety of applications such as electric generation, liquid fuels production or conversion to industrial products such as hydrogen.
 
 
 
 

InEnTec In The News
See InEnTec's Columbia Ridge facility In Operation

Wall Street Journal Technology Innovation Award Winner
click to read
Wired: High-Powered Plasma Turns Garbage Into Gas
click to read
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 












InEnTec Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 10:30 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of InEnTec Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
InEnTec Inc. develops waste to energy plasma gasification systems that convert waste products into fuels for customers around the world. It offers Plasma Enhanced Melter (PEM) technology that transforms municipal, commercial, industrial, medical, and hazardous waste into clean energy products for transportation fuels, electricity generation, and industrial products. The company, through its subsidiaries, develops and operates plasma gasification facilities using its PEM technology; and builds, owns, and operates onsite chemical recycling facilities. InEnTec Inc. was founded in 1995 and is based in Richland, Washington.


1935 Butler LoopRichland, WA 99354United StatesFounded in 1995



Phone: 509-946-5700

Fax: 509-946-1819

www.inentec.com







Key Executives for InEnTec Inc.




Mr. Jeffrey E. Surma


      	Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Dr. E. Gary Cook Ph.D.


      	Executive Chairman
      


Age: 72
        







Mr. J. Michael Rockett


      	Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
      








Dr. James A. Batdorf Ph.D.


      	Director of Engineering & Technology Development
      








Mr. David A. Lamar


      	Vice President of Engineering
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 +Vantage Corporation United States 101 Imports, Inc. United States 21st Century Energy, Inc. United States 360 Yield Center, LLC United States 3DEO, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact InEnTec Inc., please visit www.inentec.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























InEnTec Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




























inentec inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Waste & Environ Svcs & Equip
Sub-Industry: Waste Management
InEnTec LLC manufactures equipment used to transform waste products into energy.  The Company's plasma enhanced melter equipment rearranges the molecular structure of waste and transforms it into alternative transportation fuels, electricity and products used in manufacturing. The equipment can transform household, hazardous and medical waste and other organic material.




Corporate Information
Address:

595 SW Bluff Drive Suite B
Bend, OR 97702
United States


Phone:
1-509-946-5700


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.inentec.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


E Cook
Inentec Inc








Vice Chairman/President/CEO
Company


Jeffrey Surma
Inentec Inc








Co-Founder
Company










Board Members
Company






























From The Web











Key Executives


E Gary Cook


Chairman




Jeffrey E Surma


Vice Chairman/President/CEO




J Michael Rockett


VP/General Counsel/Secretary




David A Lamar


VP:Engineering




Matthew B Glass


VP:Manufacturing







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data























































InEnTec Inc - Renewable Energy Global Innovations














































About REGI
Guidelines for Featured Authors
Key Scientific Article Certificate
Consulting Services
Privacy Policy










 
Renewable Energy Global Innovations Renewable Energy Global Innovations features breaking news and high impact research in Renewable Energy

 
  



 

Waste Management Takes Equity Position in InEnTec Through Sale































































Select an Area.

These services require that you select a specific area in your community.















What's your location?







×


What's your location?









What's your location?









×



Do you currently have service with Waste Management?

Yes
No






About UsCompany ProfileMedia RoomSuppliersCommunityInvestor RelationsWM Locations

Home


> About Us




Waste Management Takes Equity Position in InEnTec Through Sale


Commercial demonstration plant in Oregon receives approval to begin operations
Waste Management (NYSE:WM) today announced that it has taken an equity position in InEnTec Inc. (InEnTec) by exchanging its equity interest in S4 Energy Solutions LLC (S4), for an equity position in InEnTec. S4 was formed by the parties in 2009 to design, construct and operate a waste gasification plant using InEnTec’s Plasma Enhanced Melter (PEM®) technology.
“Changing our investment from a joint venture development into an equity position with InEnTec is more consistent with the company’s other portfolio investments,” said Joe Vaillancourt, managing director for Waste Management’s Organic Growth Group. “We are committed to the advancement of the PEM® technology and look forward to the operation of the 25 ton per day commercial demonstration plant at our facility in Arlington, Oregon.”
The construction of the Arlington plant was recently completed and the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality has issued all permits necessary to begin the operation of the plant.
“We are delighted that Waste Management has expressed its confidence in InEnTEc by becoming one of our largest shareholders,” said Karl A. Schoene, president and CEO of InEnTec Inc. “We will continue to enjoy the benefit of Waste Management’s experience and market presence as the demand for our PEM® technology continues to grow.”
With the process, waste materials are fed into a closed chamber where they are superheated to temperatures of between 10,000 and 20,000 degrees Fahrenheit using an electricity-conducting gas called plasma. The intense heat of the process rearranges the molecular structure of the waste, transforming organic (carbon-based) materials into an ultra-clean, synthesis gas (syngas). The clean syngas could be converted to transportation fuels such as ethanol and diesel, industrial products like hydrogen and methanol or used as a substitute for natural gas for heating or electricity generation. In a secondary stage of the process, inorganic (non-carbon-based) materials are transformed into environmentally beneficial products.
Waste Management investment in InEnTec complements the company’s investments in other thermal conversion technology platforms including Enerkem, Terrabon and Agilyx. This agreement will also help move Waste Management toward meeting two of its sustainability goals: doubling its renewable energy production by 2020, and investing in emerging technologies for managing waste.
About Waste Management
Waste Management, Inc., based in Houston, Texas, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste management services in North America. Through its subsidiaries, the company provides collection, transfer, recycling and resource recovery, and disposal services. It is one of the largest residential recyclers in North America and a leading developer, operator and owner of waste-to-energy and landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the United States. The company’s customers include residential, commercial, industrial, and municipal customers throughout North America. To learn more information about Waste Management visit www.wm.com or www.thinkgreen.com.
About InEnTec
Based in Bend, Oregon, InEnTec was formed by scientists and engineers from MIT and Battelle. Through its proprietary gasification system, the Plasma Enhanced Melter, InEnTec can transform municipal (household), commercial, medical, and most industrial and hazardous wastes into clean renewable syngas that can be used to produce products such as electric energy, diesel fuel, ethanol, methanol and hydrogen, with minimal environmental impact. InEnTec’s systems meet all environmental standards and come closer to 100% recycling of waste than any other commercially available technology. InEnTec is the winner of The Wall Street Journal 2010 Technology Innovation Award in Energy. For more information please visit www.inentec.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are information of a non-historical nature or which relate to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” or “continue,” or the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. The forward-looking statements made in this press release relate only to events as of the date of this release. We undertake no ongoing obligation to update these statements.
###



FOR MORE INFORMATION

Waste Management
Wes Muir
(905) 483-3099

wmuir@wm.com



InEnTec
Larry Carpman
(617) 338-6601

larry@carpmancommunications.com




DOWNLOAD
Waste Management Takes Equity Position in InEnTec Through Sale 169 KB


Share this page:

























 






Inentec, Inc. in Richland, WA | Government Contractor







 








 






  ybbaywtstdfs






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








					Inentec, Inc.				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesMorePlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








Inentec, Inc.



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




Vendor Details




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Inentec, Inc. Government Contractor in Richland, WA

 






dollars obligated (Latest year)$38,500 United States Dollarslatest fiscal year2016total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$38,500 United States Dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)1 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummaryInentec, Inc. has worked on one contract worth $38,500 USD in obligations from the federal government since FY2007.The sole agency it has contracted with is the Department of Defense.

Principal Agencies
Department of Defense


Principal Category (NAICS)
Engineering Services (541330)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168)


Designations
Small Business, For Profit Organization, Manufacturer of Goods, Non-Tax Exempt Corporate Entity, and Self-Certified Small Disadvantaged Business


Organization Type
Corporate Not Tax Exempt


Website
inentec.com 
Contact

Phone Number
(541) 454-2200
Location
How does Inentec, Inc. compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Inentec, Inc. since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded 84% lower than average compared to  79 vendors in Zip Code 99354, WA.Awarded close to average compared to  13,313 vendors in Washington.Awarded close to average compared to all  494,388 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorInentec, Inc.$38,500 USDZip Code 99354, WAZip Code 99354, WA Federal Contractors$243,490 USDWashington Federal Contractors$34,802 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 99354, WA ›State



See all vendors from Washington ›
 





Advertisement


ShareContractsBy Year

Fiscal YearTotal Dollars ObligatedTotal Base & All Options (Ceiling)ID2017499,072499,072201638,50099,000

By Date Signed



Contract SearchContracts that Inentec, Inc. signed from FY2007 onwards.Most Recent

ContractContract DescriptionProduct or Service (PSC)Signed DateCompletion DateAgencyDollars ObligatedPercent ObligatedIDVendor NameN3943017C1933Type: Definitive Contract (1 year)HYDROGEN RECOVERY DEVELOPMENT SYSTEMEnvironmental Protection - Advanced Development (AH93)3/1/175/31/18Department of Defense$499,072 USD100% obligatedN0025316P0338Type: Purchase Order (1 year)SUITABILITY STUDYQuality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168)7/8/167/8/17Department of Defense$38,500 USD39% obligated of $99,000

See all contracts for this vendor ›Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredWhen the Federal government intends to acquire goods or services, it identifies the NAICS code that describes the principal purpose of that procurement. NAICS is production oriented (not product oriented) and categorizes businesses with others that have similar methods of production.Since FY2007, Inentec, Inc. has been engaged in procurements with the following NAICS codes:





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)499,072Engineering Services (541330)38,500

DestinationThe dollars obligated to Inentec, Inc. to fulfill procurements by NAICS category, along with the federal agencies that procured them. Hover over the visualization for more detail.





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)499,072Engineering Services (541330)38,500

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorInentec, Inc.$38,500 USDAll Engineering Services (541330) Vendors in Washington$14,951.50 USDAll Engineering Services (541330) Vendors$15,760 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal NAICS category of Inentec, Inc. is Engineering Services (541330) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2016), Inentec, Inc. was obligated a total of $38,500, an amount that was 158% more than the average vendor from Washington specializing in Engineering Services and 144% more than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this NAICS category.
Other Engineering Services Vendors in Washington

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateSound & Sea Technology, Inc.Lynnwood, WA$26.7 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Engineering and Technical Services (R425)2016Wiedemann Consulting LlcSilverdale, WA$23.1 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Communications Services (R426)2016Bce Engineers IncFife, WA$5.51 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect - Engineer Services (C211)2016P L Wja L CSeattle, WA$5.48 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering- Construction: Miscellaneous Buildings (C1JZ)2016Inca-Anderson Perry JvBellevue, WA$5.22 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect - Engineer Services (C211)2016Notkin Engineering IncSeattle, WA$3.48 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect - Engineer Services (C211)2016Makers Architecture And Urban Design LlpSeattle, WA$3.06 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect - Engineer Services (C211)2016Unium Inc.Seattle, WA$2.99 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Defense Electronics and Communication Equipment - Engineering Development (AC64)2012Anchor Qea, LlcSeattle, WA$2.78 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Environmental Studies and Assessments (B510)2016Reid Middleton, Inc.Everett, WA$2.77 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect - Engineer Services (C211)2016Rjd Technologies IncSeattle, WA$1.73 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering Services (C219)2016Shannon & Wilson, Inc.Seattle, WA$1.41 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering Services (C219)2016Inca/Gerwick J VBellevue, WA$1.14 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering Services (C219)2015Mackay & Sposito, Inc.Vancouver, WA$1.09 million USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering Services (C219)2016Paladino & Company, IncSeattle, WA$865,142 USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect - Engineer Services (C211)2016Rc Construction Services IncRichland, WA$861,869 USDEngineering Services (541330)Inspection and Laboratory Services (Except Medical/Dental): Construction and Building Materials (H356)2016Mckinstry Essention, LlcSeattle, WA$850,921 USDEngineering Services (541330)Building Technology Studies (B540)2016Sazan Group IncSeattle, WA$839,125 USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering- General: Electrical Systems (C222)2016Freeman Fong-Scbc, PllcEdmonds, WA$836,432 USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering- Construction: Hospitals and Infirmaries (C1DA)2016Management Engineering Associates, LlcCamas, WA$798,561 USDEngineering Services (541330)Custodial Janitorial Services (S201)2016Stantec Tetra Tech JvBellevue, WA$780,533 USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering Services (C219)2016Harbor Consulting Engineers, Inc.Seattle, WA$705,143 USDEngineering Services (541330)Architect and Engineering Services (C219)2016White Shield InternationalMabton, WA$485,318 USDEngineering Services (541330)Professional Services (R499)2015Art Anderson Associates, Inc.Bremerton, WA$467,469 USDEngineering Services (541330)Defense Ships - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AC32)2016Key Group Engineering Pty LtdHenderson, Australia$437,306 USDEngineering Services (541330)Non-Nuclear Ship Repair West (J999)2007

See all Engineering Services (541330) Vendors in Washington › 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredProduct Service Codes (PSC) describe products, services, and research and development (R&D) purchased by the federal government. These codes indicate what was bought for each contract action reported in the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS).Since FY2007, Inentec, Inc. has been engaged in procurements categorized by the following PSCs:





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDEnvironmental Protection - Advanced Development (AH93)499,072Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168)38,500

DestinationThe dollars obligated to Inentec, Inc. to fulfill procurements by PSC, along with the federal agencies that procured them. Hover over the visualization for more detail.





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDEnvironmental Protection - Advanced Development (AH93)499,072Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168)38,500

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorInentec, Inc.ybbaywtstdfs$38,500 USDAll Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168) Vendors in Washington$20,921 USDAll Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168) Vendors$3,342 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal Product or Service Code (PSC) of Inentec, Inc. is Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products (H168) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2016), Inentec, Inc. was obligated a total of $38,500, an amount that was far higher than the average vendor from Washington specializing in Quality Control Services: Chemicals and Chemical Products and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this PSC.
 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The location of the principal plant or place of business where Inentec, Inc. in Richland, WA has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodeZip Code 99354, WACongressional DistrictCongressional District 4, WAStateWashington
 

 







ShareVendor DetailsVisit the full company profile of Inentec, Inc.. 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov, Rob J Hyndman, D&B, and Localeze. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



Inentec Inc.                                                                                                             - Richland                                          , WA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Richland



Heavy Construction, Nec



Waste Disposal Plant Construction



                            Inentec Inc.
                                    



 





















I 


Inentec Inc.                                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1935 BUTLER LOOP RICHLAND, WA 99354
Get Directions



(509) 946-5700
www.inentec.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $9,829,858.00
 Employee Count 11
 Industries Waste Disposal Plant Construction
 Contacts Jeffrey E Surma                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Inentec Inc.                                                                                                             is located at 1935 Butler Loop in Richland and has been in the business of Waste Disposal Plant Construction since 1995. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Market Report: InEnTec Inc. - Clean Technology - Deals and Alliances Profile

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




InEnTec Inc. - Clean Technology - Deals and Alliances Profile

     
                        Oct 5, 2015 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 28 pages 
                - USD $250 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







InEnTec Inc. (InEnTec) is a technology company that provides clean fuels for transportation and electricity with disposing of produced waste. The company markets its products under brand name Plasma Enhanced Melter. It has constructed a unit utilizing a Model G500 PEM system and designed a waste processing facility utilizing Model G100P PEM system. InEnTec's technology converts waste including municipal, medical, and hazardous waste to clean energy products. The company caters to industries such as electricity generation, transportation fuels and industrial product. InEnTec is headquartered in Richland, Washington, the US.InEnTec Inc. - Clean Technology - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Clean Technology eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.ScopeFinancial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company's (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.Reasons to BuyGet detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirementsThe profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategyThe profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the companyDetailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.Equip yourself with detailed information about the company's operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the companyRecent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business researchKey elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresInEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deal DetailsVenture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$26.3 Million In Venture Financing RoundInEnTec Raises US$0.3 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$22 Million In A Financing RoundInEnTec Raises US$20 Million In A Venture Financing RoundInEnTec To Raise US$5 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$6.8 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$5.6 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$5 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$0.9 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$0.8 Million In Venture financingInEnTec Raises US$0.1 Million In Venture FinancingPartnershipsWaste Management Forms Joint Venture With InEnTecAcquisitionLakeside Energy Acquires Waste Treatment Company, InEnTecWaste Management Acquires Certain Stake In InEnTecInEnTec Acquires Certain Stake In S4 Energy Solutions From Waste ManagementInEnTec Inc. - Key CompetitorsKey EmployeesLocations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesAppendixMethodologyAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesInEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Key FactsInEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Deals By Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Raises US$26.3 Million In Venture Financing RoundInEnTec Raises US$0.3 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$22 Million In A Financing RoundInEnTec Raises US$20 Million In A Venture Financing RoundInEnTec To Raise US$5 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$6.8 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$5.6 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$5 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$0.9 Million In Venture FinancingInEnTec Raises US$0.8 Million In Venture financingInEnTec Raises US$0.1 Million In Venture FinancingWaste Management Forms Joint Venture With InEnTecLakeside Energy Acquires Waste Treatment Company, InEnTecWaste Management Acquires Certain Stake In InEnTecInEnTec Acquires Certain Stake In S4 Energy Solutions From Waste ManagementInEnTec Inc., Key CompetitorsInEnTec Inc., Key EmployeesInEnTec Inc., SubsidiariesList of FiguresInEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015InEnTec Inc., Clean Technology, Deals by Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015
Companies Mentioned in this ReportInEnTec Inc.
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: Single User PDF - Delivered by Email 
$250  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.





















Inentec Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Nonresidential Building Construction Industry Report


















Inentec Inc.Company Information

1935 Butler LoopRichland, WA, 99354 United States(509) 946-5700 †
http://www.inentec.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Inentec Inc. Company Profile
Heavy construction, nec, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Inentec Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Richland, WA, United States
Nonresidential Building Construction







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Inentec Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Nonresidential Building Construction Industry Report















Inentec Inc. Revenue and Financial Data
Heavy construction, nec, nsk







Financials Information for Inentec Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$8.846872 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















 



InEnTec® Converts to a Corporation and Discloses Capital Raise | Business Wire
























































InEnTec® Converts to a Corporation and Discloses Capital Raise






July 27, 2011 12:37 PM Eastern Daylight Time



BEND, Ore.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--InEnTec Inc., a leader in plasma gasification technology that converts 
      waste to high-value fuels, products, and clean energy, today announced 
      that it has converted its company structure from an LLC to a corporation 
      organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. In a related action, 
      InEnTec filed a Form D with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      disclosing a substantial capital raise. The major features of the 
      transaction are described in the Form D filing made by the company.
    


      “The change in company structure and the capital raise provide a solid 
      financial foundation to fuel our growth and fund new commercial projects 
      in response to demand for our PEM® (Plasma Enhanced Melter®) waste 
      gasification technology,” said Karl A. Schoene, President and CEO of 
      InEnTec Inc.
    

      The PEM technology can process a variety of waste streams, and can be 
      used to sustainably manage waste while producing valuable energy and 
      products. InEnTec was chosen by The Wall Street Journal as its 
      winner of the 2010 Technology Innovation Award in Energy.
    

About InEnTec Inc.


      Based in Bend, Oregon, InEnTec was formed by scientists and engineers 
      from MIT and Battelle. Through its proprietary gasification system, the 
      Plasma Enhanced Melter®, InEnTec can transform municipal (household), 
      commercial, medical, and most industrial and hazardous wastes into clean 
      renewable syngas that can be used to produce products, such as electric 
      energy, ethanol, methanol and hydrogen, with minimal environmental 
      impact. InEnTec’s systems meet all environmental standards and come 
      closer to 100% recycling of waste than any other such commercially 
      available technology. InEnTec is the winner of The Wall Street 
      Journal 2010 Technology Innovation Award in Energy. For more 
      information please visit www.inentec.com.
    

      THIS PRESS RELEASE INCLUDES STATEMENTS THAT MAY CONSTITUTE "FORWARD 
      LOOKING" STATEMENTS, USUALLY CONTAINING THE WORDS "ESTIMATE", "PROJECT", 
      "EXPECT" OR SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS INHERENTLY 
      INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO 
      DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM CURRENT EXPECTATIONS. BY MAKING THESE FORWARD 
      LOOKING STATEMENTS, THE COMPANY UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THESE 
      STATEMENTS FOR REVISIONS OR CHANGES.
    




Contacts

      Carpman CommunicationsLarry Carpman, 617-338-6601larry@carpmancommunications.com


















Contacts

      Carpman CommunicationsLarry Carpman, 617-338-6601larry@carpmancommunications.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















InEnTec | Clean Planet Technologies

























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 





 




 
 
Today’s Waste … Tomorrow’s Clean Energy℠
 
InEnTec® patented Plasma Enhanced Melter® technology solves two of the world’s most perplexing challenges: disposing of waste in a safe, environmentally-responsible manner and producing valuable, clean products from recycled materials. Without using combustion or incineration, PEM® technology can transform virtually any waste—hazardous, medical, industrial, and municipal—into ultra-clean energy, electricity, and industrial materials. Proven, efficient, and cost-effective, PEM technology provides a clean, green path to a sustainable future.
 
 
 
 






 

The PEM Process
InEnTec’s Plasma Enhanced Melter breaks materials apart into their elemental components (such as hydrogen, carbon, and oxygen) and then transforms those elements into synthesis gas (syngas), one of the basic building blocks of the chemical and energy industries. Syngas can be further processed to meet specific customer requirements. Any waste not converted into syngas gets turned into Synglass™ material, which has many industrial uses. More

 
 
 




 

Greener and Safer
The PEM process is superior to competing methods of waste treatment and disposal, based on its economic and environmental advantages. PEM can used across a wide variety of applications, including distributed power generation and transportation fuels production.  More

 
 
 





Proven Technology
In 1996 InEnTec constructed the first PEM facility at its Technology Center in Richland, Washington.  The system began operations in April 1997 and remains in use today for client demonstrations, treatability studies on new or customer-specific feedstocks, research and development of operating parameters and equipment upgrades. InEnTec has been building PEMs ever since.  More


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


