

	Ingalls & Snyder





















Secure Client Login










HomeWho We Are
OverviewInvestment AdvisoryTradingOperations and CapitalDisclosures
Investment Management
Private Client AccountsInstitutional ClientsManaged Funds
How We Are DifferentPeopleAccess to Your AccountContact Us































2014 Financial Times Top 300 Registered Investment Advisors is an independent listing produced by the Financial Times (June, 2014). The FT 300 is based on data gathered from RIA firms, regulatory disclosures, and the FT’s research. As identified by the FT, the listing reflected each practice’s performance in six primary areas, including assets under management, asset growth, compliance record, years in existence, credentials and accessibility. Neither the RIA firms nor their employees pay a fee to The Financial Times in exchange for inclusion in the FT 300.
                    






            Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck






                            Member     
                            NYSE | 
                            FINRA | 
                            SIPC




                            © Copyright 2016 Ingalls & Snyder, LLC | All Rights Reserved
                        









	Ingalls & Snyder - eAccess




























Secure Client Login










HomeYour Account InformationContact Your Advisor








                eDocuments
            
Statements, Confirms and Notices

Click here to log in.  Please add that link to your Favorites.
            

Online Documents
                Effective May 1st, 2016, Ingalls & Snyder migrated to eDocuments, a platform supporting online retrieval of account statements, 
                confirmations, 1099s, and related information.  Clients are able to view, download and print recent account documents 
                at any time from a secure area of our website.  You will receive email notifications when new documents are available 
                online.
            

                In order to register for eDocuments, including email notifications, please download and fill in a new eDocuments Authorization and 
                Enrollment Form, available here.
            

                If you have any questions please contact your Account Executive, or eDocuments Assistance at 212-269-0288, or compliance@ingalls.net.
            




                eAccess
            
Values, holdings and transactions daily








Log In

Username:

*


Password:

*




Keep me logged in





                Not signed up for eAccess?  Forms are available here.
            




                            Member     
                            NYSE | 
                            FINRA | 
                            SIPC




                            © Copyright 2016 Ingalls & Snyder, LLC | All Rights Reserved
                        













	Ingalls & Snyder

















Secure Client Login










HomeWho We Are
OverviewInvestment AdvisoryTradingOperations and CapitalDisclosures
Investment Management
Private Client AccountsInstitutional ClientsManaged Funds
How We Are DifferentPeopleAccess to Your AccountContact Us








            How We Are Different
        







Our Investment Advisors are skilled portfolio managers.Unlike the typical retail brokerage, our professionals are not “asset gatherers” who generally pass clients’ money along to third party institutions or mutual funds. Our professionals are skilled and experienced portfolio managers, who handle research, security selection and portfolio construction. We create and manage investment portfolios directly for our clients, and our clients generally appreciate knowing what they own and why they own it.Each client’s portfolio is customized.To us, each client is unique in his or her financial situation and investment needs, while the financial markets are diverse and constantly changing. We believe good portfolio management involves continuously considering the many investment opportunities globally available and aligning each client’s assets with a set of securities appropriate to them. Our Investment Advisors are not working off of an “approved” or “buy” list of securities.Our interests are aligned with those of our clients.All too often we see firms offering creative new “investment products” with high fees and/or sales charges.  We do not know if these offerings maximize the earnings of investors, but they certainly appear to maximize the earnings of their sponsors.  Our firm, by contrast, does not sell third party investment products on commission. Most of our discretionary client accounts are managed for a competitive asset-based fee. So our income primarily grows based on the growth in our clients’ assets, most directly should those assets appreciate under our direction. A limited part of our business involves managing hedge funds, where our incentives are also aligned -- we earn our income primarily from the asset value and investment performance of the funds, not from sales charges.We custody our clients’ assets and clear our own trades.For a firm our size, Ingalls & Snyder is relatively unique in the scope of its infrastructure. We are a registered broker-dealer, a member of the New York Stock Exchange and a clearing member of Depository Trust Company and Options Clearing Corporation. In practice, this means that when you have an important request - such as wiring funds, moving securities, or getting special handling of a transaction - you receive a level of service that is rarely seen by individual clients of investment advisory firms.  As an Investment Advisory client, you do not have to deal with an unfamiliar custodian, and do not have to pay separate custody fees. Furthermore, while your assets are in our custody, they are carefully segregated from assets of our firm, with the custody controls regularly audited by a reputable outside audit firm. We are small enough to be personal, yet big enough to be efficient and stable.Ingalls & Snyder has many of the attributes of a small firm - direct, personal relationships with our clients and a high level of personal service. At the same time, we have the infrastructure to operate at an efficient scale and with market presence. We believe in being well capitalized for our size and conservatively managed, which permits us to weather the frequent cycles in our business.We are owned by our Principals.We have seen the unfortunate consequences from time to time of some Wall Street firms engaging in risky and poorly understood activities. At Ingalls & Snyder, our own money is at work, and at risk, in our business every day. We have no outside shareholders. This makes us very conscious of the risks we take. Taking outsized risks in our business, whatever the potential returns, is simply not an option at our firm.









                            Member     
                            NYSE | 
                            FINRA | 
                            SIPC




                            © Copyright 2016 Ingalls & Snyder, LLC | All Rights Reserved
                        









	Ingalls & Snyder

















Secure Client Login










HomeWho We Are
OverviewInvestment AdvisoryTradingOperations and CapitalDisclosures
Investment Management
Private Client AccountsInstitutional ClientsManaged Funds
How We Are DifferentPeopleAccess to Your AccountContact Us








            Who We Are
        




Trading










Ingalls & Snyder has been a broker-dealer and a member of the New York Stock Exchange since its founding in 1924. We have maintained our NYSE membership to the present day, and we are also members of NYSE-ARCA, and the International Securities Exchange. Our in-house trading staff serves our Portfolio Managers with prompt and efficient execution of orders in the marketplace. Our trading desk also maintains active relationships with broker-dealer firms specializing in securities listed outside the U.S., enabling our Portfolio Managers and clients to invest in any foreign securities market where they find opportunity.
Ingalls & Snyder also has significant expertise in fixed income securities.  We research and transact in non-investment grade corporate credits for clients and for our own account.  We also provide our Portfolio Managers and clients the ability to trade in U.S. Government securities, municipal bonds, and high grade corporate bonds.









                            Member     
                            NYSE | 
                            FINRA | 
                            SIPC




                            © Copyright 2016 Ingalls & Snyder, LLC | All Rights Reserved
                        









	Ingalls & Snyder

















Secure Client Login










HomeWho We Are
OverviewInvestment AdvisoryTradingOperations and CapitalDisclosures
Investment Management
Private Client AccountsInstitutional ClientsManaged Funds
How We Are DifferentPeopleAccess to Your AccountContact Us








            Who We Are
        




Operations and Capital










Operations  Our broker-dealer facility allows us to provide custody services at no additional cost to our investment advisory clients. We take pride in being able to accommodate the special operational requests of clients promptly and efficiently, a service level not ordinarily found in the independent investment advisory market.
Ingalls & Snyder has the capital and facilities to clear its own trades. Our commitment to self-clearing, unusual for a firm of our size, is consistent with our conservative operating and financial philosophy. Client securities and cash balances remain within our control and clients benefit from maximum efficiency, accuracy and confidentiality.
Capital  Ingalls & Snyder maintains a high level of capital for a firm of its size, multiples of the minimum regulatory standards for our business. We do so out of our conservatism, our familiarity with the frequent and severe downturns in the investment environment, and our desire to assure the continuity of the firm for many more generations. The firm is wholly owned and capitalized by its Principals.









                            Member     
                            NYSE | 
                            FINRA | 
                            SIPC




                            © Copyright 2016 Ingalls & Snyder, LLC | All Rights Reserved
                        







﻿




























Ingalls & Snyder LLC Sells 2,769 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Zions Bancorporation (NASDAQ:ZION) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
CENTRAL TRUST Co Buys 169 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA)
OLD National Bancorp IN Reduces Stake in Phibro Animal Health Corporation (NASDAQ:PAHC)
Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) Stake Reduced by CENTRAL TRUST Co
OLD National Bancorp IN Takes Position in Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS)
Paylocity Holding Corporation (NASDAQ:PCTY) Position Reduced by OLD National Bancorp IN
Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPD) Stake Raised by Eqis Capital Management Inc.
Hersha Hospitality Trust’s (HT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC) Position Raised by Eqis Capital Management Inc.
Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A. (NASDAQ:GGAL) Position Decreased by Eqis Capital Management Inc.
Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $499,000 Stake in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (NYSE:USPH)
Bank of Montreal Can Has $14,650,000 Stake in Franklin Financial Network, Inc. (FSB)
Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.24 EPS
Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $1.05 Million Stake in Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA)
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Has $278,000 Stake in Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE:PBI)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 995 Shares of Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM)
Calithera Biosciences, Inc. (CALA) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Wabco Holdings Inc. (NYSE:WBC) Position Held by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt
Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) Position Reduced by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) PT Set at $45.00 by Citigroup Inc.



 


Ingalls & Snyder LLC Sells 2,769 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (EMR)

					Posted by Sally Masters on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Ingalls & Snyder LLC lowered its stake in shares of  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 1.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 157,500 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 2,769 shares during the period. Ingalls & Snyder LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $9,428,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. First Command Financial Services Inc. raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 18.9% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,935 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 307 shares during the last quarter.  Central Bank & Trust Co. raised its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 31.3% in the first quarter. Central Bank & Trust Co. now owns 2,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter.  Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter valued at $194,000.  Congress Asset Management Co. MA acquired a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter valued at $201,000.  Finally, Milestone Group Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Emerson Electric during the first quarter valued at $201,000. 68.87% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) opened at 60.04 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $59.68 and a 200 day moving average of $59.54. Emerson Electric Company has a 52 week low of $49.22 and a 52 week high of $64.36. The firm has a market cap of $38.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 1.20. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.58. Emerson Electric had a return on equity of 23.37% and a net margin of 8.72%. The business had revenue of $3.57 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.49 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.57 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts forecast that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was  posted by StockNewsTimes and is the property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/22/ingalls-snyder-llc-sells-2769-shares-of-emerson-electric-company-emr.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $68.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Emerson Electric from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, Cowen and Company  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Emerson Electric presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
About Emerson Electric
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 








































































						Ingalls & Snyder Has Boosted Its Unilever Plc (UL) Holding; Banner (BANR) Shorts Decreased By 6.49% - Bibey Post								







 


















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Ingalls & Snyder Has Boosted Its Unilever Plc (UL) Holding; Banner (BANR) Shorts Decreased By 6.49%


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Nellie Frank

 Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) had a decrease of 6.49% in short interest. BANR’s SI was 729,100 shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 6.49% from 779,700 shares previously. With 177,900 avg volume, 4 days are for Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR)’s short sellers to cover BANR’s short positions. The SI to Banner Corporation’s float is 2.24%. The stock decreased 0.57% or $0.32 on July 21, reaching $55.92. About shares traded. Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) has risen 23.00% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 6.30% the S&P500.







Ingalls & Snyder Llc increased Unilever Plc (UL) stake by 51.82% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Ingalls & Snyder Llc acquired 119,675 shares as Unilever Plc (UL)’s stock rose 11.00%. The Ingalls & Snyder Llc holds 350,600 shares with $14.27M value, up from 230,925 last quarter. Unilever Plc now has $172.10B valuation. The stock increased 0.40% or $0.23 during the last trading session, reaching $57.09. About 5,603 shares traded. Unilever plc (ADR) (NYSE:UL) has risen 20.68% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 3.98% the S&P500.
Since January 30, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 11 sales for $2.52 million activity. $136,801 worth of Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) was sold by BARTON RICHARD B. $18,388 worth of Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) was sold by ADAMS ROBERT D on Thursday, May 25. Another trade for 165 shares valued at $9,597 was made by PURCELL CYNTHIA D on Friday, February 17. Shares for $634,253 were sold by JONES D MICHAEL on Monday, January 30. $189,214 worth of Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) was sold by SIRMON GARY. The insider Western Keith A sold 8,000 shares worth $449,359. Shares for $177,234 were sold by FOSTER JESSE G on Monday, February 27.
Among 7 analysts covering Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR), 4 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 57% are positive. Banner Corporation had 11 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. FBR Capital reinitiated the shares of BANR in report on Tuesday, October 11 with “Mkt Perform” rating. The company was maintained on Friday, May 26 by Keefe Bruyette & Woods. On Friday, July 7 the stock rating was maintained by Keefe Bruyette & Woods with “Hold”. The rating was maintained by FBR Capital with “Mkt Perform” on Friday, July 29. The stock of Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) has “Overweight” rating given on Monday, September 28 by Piper Jaffray. The firm has “Market Perform” rating by FIG Partners given on Friday, November 4. The firm has “Market Perform” rating by Keefe Bruyette & Woods given on Friday, October 23.
Investors sentiment increased to 2.04 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.56, from 1.48 in 2016Q3. It increased, as 11 investors sold Banner Corporation shares while 37 reduced holdings. 32 funds opened positions while 66 raised stakes. 28.34 million shares or 8.27% more from 26.18 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Nuveen Asset Mngmt Ltd Limited Liability Company has invested 0.11% of its portfolio in Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR). Brandywine Global Ltd Liability Co reported 104,116 shares. Pub Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado owns 7,636 shares. Monarch Partners Asset Management Limited has 1.47% invested in Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) for 310,470 shares. Ls Ltd Liability Corporation stated it has 980 shares. Alliancebernstein Limited Partnership accumulated 40,400 shares or 0% of the stock. Tfs Capital has 4,415 shares. 7,142 are held by Sequoia Advsrs Ltd Liability Corporation. Channing Cap Mgmt Ltd Co stated it has 1.09M shares or 2.16% of all its holdings. Aqr Capital Management Ltd Liability Co invested in 0% or 21,863 shares. Kennedy Mgmt holds 0.29% or 299,977 shares. Ameriprise Inc owns 356,285 shares. Prudential Finance invested in 0.01% or 91,443 shares. Thrivent For Lutherans holds 31,380 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Swiss Bancorp reported 0% of its portfolio in Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR).
Banner Corporation is a bank holding company. The company has market cap of $1.85 billion. The Firm is engaged in the business of planning, directing and coordinating the business activities of its subsidiaries, Banner Bank and Islanders Bank. It has a 20.54 P/E ratio. Banner Bank is a Washington-chartered commercial bank.








By Nellie Frank
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Penn Capital Management Co Has Increased Gulfport Energy (GPOR) Position, 2 Bullish Analysts Covering MBIA Inc. (MBI)


Trustmark National Bank Trust Department Raised By $329,640 Its Home Depot (HD) Holding, Eclipse Resources Has 1.16 Sentiment


Tybourne Capital Management Hk LTD Upped Its Amazon Com (AMZN) Stake, Prince Street Capital Management Has Lifted Petroleo Brasileiro Sa Petro (PBR) Stake By $13.34 Million


Bowen Hanes & Co Decreased Its Cott (Ca) (COT) Stake; Roystone Capital Management LP Upped Marvell Technology Group LTD (MRVL) Holding By $10.30 Million


Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Reaches $7.07 After 5.00% Down Move; GORDMANS STORES (GMANQ) Sellers Decreased By 23.89% Their Shorts


Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Reaches $43.45 After 3.00% Up Move, Advent International Has Raised Kinder Morgan (KMI) Stake By $355,600


Pennant Capital Management Has Lowered Huntsman (HUN) Position, PC Connection (PCCC) Has 0.84 Sentiment


Standard Life Investments LTD Cut Omega Healthcare Investors (OHI) Stake By $5.08 Million; GALP ENERGIA (GLPEF) Sellers Increased By 128.04% Their Shorts


Wafra Investment Advisory Group Increased Palo Alto Networks  (PANW) Stake; Gaslog Limited (GLOG) Shorts Lowered By 1.19%


Pine River Capital Management LP Raised Kinder Morgan (KMI) Position, Secor Capital Advisors LP Boosted Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co (RS) Holding By $1.79 Million







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact













﻿

























Ingalls & Snyder LLC Has $9.43 Million Stake in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

39,128 Shares in Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Acquired by Virtu Financial LLC
CME Group Inc. (CME) Position Boosted by Fifth Third Bancorp
Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS)
Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) Position Decreased by Teacher Retirement System of Texas
United Bankshares, Inc. (UBSI) Stake Increased by Teacher Retirement System of Texas
Teacher Retirement System of Texas Has $19.50 Million Position in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (SJM)
Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) Position Lowered by Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA
Cleararc Capital Inc. Decreases Position in Kroger Company (The) (KR)
Fifth Third Bancorp Reduces Stake in Loews Corporation (NYSE:L)
Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Position Decreased by Fifth Third Bancorp
L & S Advisors Inc Sells 41,631 Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB)
Fifth Third Bancorp Sells 400 Shares of Henry Schein, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSIC)
Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) Position Lowered by Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA
25,964 Shares in Lazard Ltd. (LAZ) Acquired by Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA
First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Stake Held by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Baillie Gifford & Co. Sells 9,948 Shares of Fortive Corporation (FTV)
Hudbay Minerals Inc (TSE:HBM) Insider Purchases C$20,628.00 in Stock
Xactly Corp (NASDAQ:XTLY) CFO Sells $51,994.80 in Stock
Nevada Zinc Corp (NZN) Director Acquires C$31,855.00 in Stock
Arbor Realty Trust (ABR) Cut to Hold at BidaskClub


 


Ingalls & Snyder LLC Has $9.43 Million Stake in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Ingalls & Snyder LLC lowered its stake in Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 1.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 157,500 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 2,769 shares during the period. Ingalls & Snyder LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $9,428,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in EMR. Renaissance Investment Group LLC raised its stake in Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Renaissance Investment Group LLC now owns 7,972 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $477,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. CAPROCK Group Inc. raised its stake in Emerson Electric by 0.8% in the first quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 4,689 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $281,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period. Cadence Bank NA raised its stake in Emerson Electric by 0.3% in the first quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 12,322 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $738,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period. Lourd Capital LLC raised its stake in Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Lourd Capital LLC now owns 9,242 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $553,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Finally, Howland Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 15,982 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $957,000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the period. 68.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) opened at 60.04 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $59.68 and its 200-day moving average price is $59.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $38.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 1.20. Emerson Electric Company has a 52 week low of $49.22 and a 52 week high of $64.36. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.58. The company had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a return on equity of 23.37% and a net margin of 8.72%. Emerson Electric’s quarterly revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.57 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: This report was first published by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/ingalls-snyder-llc-has-9-43-million-stake-in-emerson-electric-company-nyseemr.html. 
Several research firms have recently issued reports on EMR. Cowen and Company reissued a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $67.00 price objective (up from $65.00) on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price objective on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. TheStreet raised Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EMR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Ingalls & Snyder, Llc in New York, NY 10002 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Arts & Entertainment
» Ingalls & Snyder, Llc













Ingalls & Snyder, Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





61 E Broadway  New York, New York 10002


(212) 269-7800
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Ingalls & Snyder, Llc is located at the address 61 E Broadway in New York, New York 10002.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 269-7800 for pricing, hours and directions.  Ingalls & Snyder, Llc has an annual sales volume of 50M – 99,999,999.  .For more information contact Roscoe  Ingalls, Managing Director or  go to www.ingalls.netIngalls & Snyder, Llc provides Brokerage Services, Individual Services, Estate Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Ingalls & Snyder, Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Ingalls & Snyder, Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


IRAs
, Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Government Securities
, Municipal Bonds
, Loans
, Futures
, Commodities
, Treasury Bonds
, Tax Free Investments
, Rollover Plans



SERVICES


Investment Planning
, Family Wealth Planning
, Brokerage Services
, Long Term Planning
, Consultations
, Estate Planning
, Individual Services
, Wealth Management



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 269-7800
Website: www.ingalls.net
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 50 To 99
Exact Employee Count: 75
Exact Sales Volume: 75000000
Sales Volume: 50M – 99,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Arts & Entertainment
Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Robert Marc Opticians


551 Madison Ave 3 Frnt New York, New York 10022




Genco Shipping and Trading Limited


299 Park Ave 2003 Rm New York, New York 10171




Bridgeford Group


445 Park Ave 2001 Ste New York, New York 10022




EDWIN GOULD SVCS FOR CHILDREN & FAMILIES


40 Rector St  New York, New York 10006




Blumberg Excelsior Inc


62 White St  New York, New York 10013




Spendcash.com


90 William St  New York, New York 10038





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Roscoe  Ingalls
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Phone: (212) 269-7800 
 



Robert  Belknap
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Phone: (212) 269-7800 
 



Janus  Anrold
MANAGER
Phone: (212) 269-7800 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Ingalls & Snyder, LLC                                                                                                    - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security Brokers and Dealers



Dealers, Security



                            Ingalls & Snyder, LLC
                                    



 





















I 


Ingalls & Snyder, LLC                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1325 AVENUE OF THE AMERIC NEW YORK, NY 10019
Get Directions



(212) 269-7800
www.ingalls.net                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 1924
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $32,266,548.00
 Employee Count 80
 Industries Dealers, Security
 Contacts Robert A Case                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ingalls & Snyder, Llc                                                                                                    was founded in 1924. Ingalls & Snyder, Llc                                                                                                    specializes in Dealers, Security. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Ingalls & Snyder

















Secure Client Login










HomeWho We Are
OverviewInvestment AdvisoryTradingOperations and CapitalDisclosures
Investment Management
Private Client AccountsInstitutional ClientsManaged Funds
How We Are DifferentPeopleAccess to Your AccountContact Us








            People
        


INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS







Managing Directors









Robert A. Case





Aphrodite M. Garrison





Christopher R. Siege







Keith Lane-Zucker





James S. Slocum





Christine E. Weston







W. Reed Simmons





John J. Dougherty





Sean P. Meehan







Lawton S. Lamb





Thomas O. Boucher, Jr.





James E. Thatcher







Guy R. Riegel














Senior Directors









Thomas P. DiTosto





Robert L. Gipson





Adam Janovic







Bruce A. Molinaroli














Directors









Oscar S. Pollock














Senior Vice Presidents









John M. Atwater





H. Shepard Boone





Roger C. Corrado







John H. Dunn, III





Michael A. Kulla





Elizabeth A. Larson







Alice Barzun McLean





Jason S. Morad





Joseph J. Murphy







Daniel A. Pisera





Louise Weston














Vice Presidents









John Hughes





Kevin Oro-Hahn














Associates









Ingrid Schnau











FIRM MANAGEMENT







                                Robert A. Case,
                            
Senior Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer









                                Frank Stolba,
                            
Chief Financial Officer






                                Christian C. Park,
                            
General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer






                                Joseph DiBuono,
                            
Operations and Settlement Manager






                                Dom Acosta,
                            
Chief Technology Officer









            Check the background of these investment professionals on FINRA's BrokerCheck






                            Member     
                            NYSE | 
                            FINRA | 
                            SIPC




                            © Copyright 2016 Ingalls & Snyder, LLC | All Rights Reserved
                        







Ingalls & Snyder, LLC Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Ingalls & Snyder, LLC


Ingalls & Snyder, LLC

1325 Avenue of the Americas 
New York NY 10019 United States
Phone: +1 212-___-____
Fax: 
https://www.ingalls.net





2
Managers




11
IT employees




$2.5MEST.
IT Budget




Ingalls & Snyder LLC is an employee owned investment manager. It was founded in 1924 and is based in New York, New York.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Financial Services)


Employees
75


Revenue
$72.0M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop






Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Infrastructure

Email Hosting
GoDaddy EmailMicrosoft (mail server)

Hosting
Go Daddy (Hosting)

IaaS
Windows Azure
Productivity/ Operations

Email/Messaging
Microsoft ExchangeMicrosoft Exchange Online

Office Automation
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )Microsoft Office 365
Programming/ DevTools

Application Development
jQuery

Web Development
ASP.NETCascading Style SheetsHTML5

Web Tools/Resources
Cache ControlIFrame
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Frank Stolba
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
___@ingalls.net
+1 212-___-____







Dom Acosta
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
___@ingalls.net
+1 212-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



 







Ingalls & Snyder LLC :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Ingalls & Snyder LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Ingalls & Snyder LLC



Financial » Asset Management » Ingalls & Snyder LLC






Menu options for Ingalls & Snyder LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
New TTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (0)

No results

Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (0)

No results

TTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In


















Ingalls & Snyder LLC 61 E Broadway New York, NY Nonclassified Establishments - MapQuest







































































































    Ingalls & Snyder LLC
  

61 E Broadway

New York
NY
10002




 Reviews



(212) 269-7800
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















