
	Home | Jacobs











































































                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.

© British Airways i360






                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.











 




Apply for a job




See our open positions and tell us about yourself.
Apply now | View hot jobs


 




Sustainability




At Jacobs, we see sustainability differently.

Learn more about sustainability










 




News



 








See more news | Investors area



Join Now
Live Webcast:
Q2 Results Earnings Call Webcast
May 9, 2017 at 11 a.m. EST
























Return to top




Contact us
File transfer
Company store
Privacy & terms
© 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.









	Join us | Jacobs




































































 



Working here








Where can your career take you?





At Jacobs, we help prepare people for new opportunities and challenges in their careers. With positions at every level, openings in multiple disciplines, expertise in a range of markets and offices around the globe, we create an environment where you can learn, grow, and thrive. 
If you share our commitment to doing what's best for clients, enjoy working in teams and hold yourself to the highest ethical standards, you'll fit right in.

View our latest hot jobs
See what services we provide
Find out where we are located
Explore the industries we serve
See how we help clients
Tour our project gallery
Learn more through our summary annual report
Interact with our projects using JacobsWorld






Apply now










Careers on the move
                











Hot jobs
                




 
 
 


Information TechnologyCraft ProfessionalsNetwork & IT SpecialistsEnvironmental

« Back





We have jobs for you!


   Information TechnologyMonday, June 26, 2017  -  US Learn more » Hot Job     Craft ProfessionalsMonday, June 12, 2017  -  Alberta & Saskatchewan, Canada Learn more » Hot Job     Network & IT SpecialistsMonday, June 05, 2017  -  Virginia, Maryland Learn more » Hot Job     EnvironmentalMonday, May 01, 2017  -  Alaska Learn more » Hot Job  



With positions at every level, openings in multiple disciplines, expertise in a range of markets and offices around the globe, Jacobs creates an environment where you can learn, grow, and thrive. Our Hot Jobs feature a few current openings by location or discipline with the hope of reaching the qualified, interested persons ready for the next challenge in their career. To view all available jobs, please Apply for a Job. 







 Hot Job    Information Technology Posted on Monday, June 26, 2017  |  Location: US    Share this hot job            
Jacobs is seeking various IT professionals to support a number of government clients across the United States.  These positions will enable the success of the US Department of Defense (DOD) and other governmental organizations by providing unmatched systems life-cycle solutions.

A few of our positions include:



 
Position
Location
Reference Number





Software Engineer / Web Developer
Elgin AFB, FL
SAL0001CW



Microsoft SharePoint Developer / SME
Elgin AFB, FL
SAL0001CX



Senior Range Threat Engineer
Hill AFB, UT
SAL00013E



Army SSR
Huntsville, AL
SAL0001AR



Lead Software Developer
Point Mugu, CA
SAL00016N



Control & Data Acquisition System (CDAS) Specialist
Ridgecrest, CA
SAL0001CY



IT Deskside Support Admin
Warren, MI
SAL0000W9


To view more selected IT opportunities please click the links below:

Selected IT Jobs

 Connect with us  Hot Job    Craft Professionals Posted on Monday, June 12, 2017  |  Location: Alberta & Saskatchewan, Canada    Share this hot job            
Jacobs is seeking skilled industrial construction and maintenance tradespeople for positions in Vanscoy, Saskatchewan and Carseland, Alberta for shutdown and turnaround work as we grow our maintenance team in Canada.

A few of our positions include:



 
Position
Location
Reference Number





Journeyman Boilermakers
Carseland, AB
FS 0001QS



Pipefitters
Carseland, AB
FS 0001WM



Welders
Carseland, AB
FS 0001QV



Iron Workers
Carseland, AB
FS 0001Y5



Journeyman Boilermakers
Vanscoy, SK
FS 0001QR



Pipefitters
Vanscoy, SK
FS 0001QH



Welders
Vanscoy, SK
FS 0001QQ



Millwrights
Vanscoy, SK
FS 0001QG



Iron Workers
Vanscoy, SK
FS 0001Z3


To view all craft jobs in Canada, click the link below:

Craft Jobs in Canada

 Connect with us  Hot Job    Network & IT Specialists Posted on Monday, June 05, 2017  |  Location: Virginia, Maryland    Share this hot job            Jacobs is seeking Network Engineers and IT Specialists to support a number of government clients in Northern Virginia and Maryland.  These positions require an active TS/SCI with Polygraph clearance.
A few of our positions include:



 
Position
Location
Reference Number





Systems & Test Engineer I
Columbia, MD
I2S00018Z



Network Designer
Reston, VA
I2S00016S



Network Engineer
Reston, VA
I2S0001CJ



Network Engineer
Reston, VA
I2S00016B



Software Engineer
Reston, VA
I2S0001GO



Senior Financial Analyst
Reston, VA
I2S00013G



Data Analyst
Reston, VA
I2S0001CL



Circuit Design and Documentation Specialist
Reston, VA
I2S0001HW



Network Engineer Tier 3
Reston, VA
I2S0001DR



Receiving/Project Support Specialist
Springfield, VA
I2S00014Y


To view more of our current IT opportunities please click the links below:

Virginia IT Jobs
Washington DC/Maryland IT Jobs

 Connect with us  Hot Job    Environmental Posted on Monday, May 01, 2017  |  Location: Alaska    Share this hot job            Jacobs is seeking environmental professionals for our growing team in Alaska.  Jobs include: 

Environmental Project Manager
Environmental Engineer
Environmental Scientist
Geologist
Chemist
Subcontract Administrator

To view these jobs, click the link below:

Jobs in Alaska
 Connect with us 





 



Grow with us
                








We want you to succeed.





Jacobs takes great pride in creating an ethical, safe, and healthy environment where all employees can learn, grow, and thrive, both personally and professionally. We offer a number of opportunities to get started with us, even while still in school; grow into new challenges as you progress; keep your career advancing as you are ready to take on more; and be involved with or potentially lead exciting and innovative projects that help change the world.







Employee networks
Internships & apprenticeships
Graduate opportunities
Training & development
Craft programs
Benefits






To support our varied backgrounds, talents, skills, and styles Jacobs offers a number of employee networks to allow people to connect, collaborate, and develop. We believe a diverse workplace energizes people and encourages creativity, collaboration, and innovation. 

Offering a variety of events, mentorships, trainings, and collaborative discussions, our employee networks include:

Jacobs Future Network - For early career professionals, this group provides professional networking and development of early career skills. The employee-led network helps members see the opportunities available at Jacobs, feel connected to the company and their global colleagues, gain exposure to leaders, and help them shape and fulfill their career aspirations.  
Jacobs Next Network - Following the Jacobs Future Network, this group targets employees with 6-10 years of experience and provides the next level for deepening professional networks and leveraging those networks for further career development. Members gain exposure to senior leaders, further explore potential career paths, work on more targeted development, and play a role in advising leaders on how to improve areas of our business.
Jacobs Women's Network - Addresses unique challenges women may face in the industry, strengthens connections with women in leadership positions at Jacobs and other companies, and provides a forum for development and exposure to senior leaders in the company.
Communities of Practice (CoPs) - Arranged by lines of business, markets, and disciplines, our CoPs offer employees with similar technical backgrounds and skills, a place to meet, connect, and share best practices within their areas. Geared toward collaboration, our CoPs cross industries and geographies to contribute ideas and innovations with peers.

By embracing and appreciating our similarities and our differences, Jacobs networks foster an environment that allows everyone to reach their full potential.



















As a student, Jacobs internships, co-ops, and apprenticeships provide you an opportunity to gain real-world, practical experience in your area of expertise, while helping us meet our future leaders and innovators.
Jacobs wants you to gain experience early, grow your skills while still in school, and develop a career with us from the start. We believe you have talent and value that is critical to our growth and success.
Working in a fast-paced, professional setting can give you invaluable experiences applying the knowledge and skills learned through education in a business environment. As an intern you have the opportunity to work alongside and in support of a group of world-class professionals in your chosen field of study. The program's goal is to lead you to full-time employment with us.
Internships and co-op positions vary by location, but in general you can:

Work with a mentor who assigns project tasks, offers guidance and answers questions about the industry
Work on exciting projects with variety of team members with different backgrounds, experience levels, and technical knowledge
Visit construction and job sites to see how our projects come together in the real world
Get involved with local professional associations to expand your network
Interact with local Jacobs leadership to understand the business side of our work
Attend various office-level lunch-and-learns and events
Get hands-on experience with the latest professional services design and management software
Network with other students – locally, nationally and globally

 Learn more about how others have developed a career with us.




Jacobs believes in investing in our graduates and early career professionals. Graduates are invited to join the Jacobs Future Network, designed to get you started right with your career plans, skills, and long-term development. Our network can help you see the opportunities available at Jacobs, become connected to the company and your global colleagues, gain exposure to leaders, and help shape and fulfill your career aspirations.
The network serves thousands of employees through virtual networking, growth opportunities, and events. Our annual Jacobs Future Weekend events offer participants an opportunity to meet their peers from around the world, meet our senior leaders, develop professional skills through team building exercises, and set goals for the future.
The driving force behind the network are the local Jacobs Future groups, which are led by our members – offering early leadership and management opportunities. Local chapters provide an opportunity for in-person connections; skills training, networking events, mentoring, and social events. We currently have more than 60 local programs around the world, and through the energy, engagement, and enthusiasm of our employees, that number is growing every day.





















As your career progresses, Jacobs offers continuing education, training, and advancement. We want you to have a long career with us and we are committed to investing in your future.
Our ongoing development activities are aimed at all levels of our organization and are an important component to your long-term success with us. 
At a local level, Jacobs offices and regions provide a variety of learning opportunities ranging from online training modules and hands-on software training, to lunch and learn events, education reimbursement programs, and individual development planning sessions.
Our established programs can help you deepen your understanding of our business approach, as well as enhance your ability to lead, train, and develop others. Courses and growth opportunities include: 

Jacobs College - immersion training in Business Leadership, Business Acumen, Project Management, Management Leadership, Relationship Based Sales, Presentation Skills, and others
Continuing education classes furthering your technical certifications, accreditations, skills, and knowledge
On-the-job project experience
Grow your skills workshops
Safety workshops
Annual business meeting
Annual Inclusion conference
And a variety of courses covering Jacobs’ culture, values, ethics, and risk management programs

We want you to have a challenging and exciting career at Jacobs. Join us today!
























As a craft, trade, or construction and maintenance employee, Jacobs offers you programs designed specifically for a career in the field. We continue to look for ways to help you develop and elevate your skills that will keep you with us until you retire. Jacobs targets the military, local Workforce Investment Boards, unions, and other networks to find skilled and talented craft professionals to help deliver our projects around the world.
Believing that you should “earn while you learn,” Jacobs' on-the-job Craft development programs include:

Helper Progression – To prepare you for the journeyman ranks, this initiative trains employees at four levels, including a skills assessments and competency test.
Journeyman Progression and Certification – A training program to prepare you for the NCCER Written and Performance Assessment which earns you the industry-recognized NCCER Certified Plus credentials. Read more about Jacobs' Journeyman Certification Program, in the March 2016 issue of the Industrial Projects Report.
Welder Development – As a structural welder, you can go through this program to learn new process knowledge, skills, and techniques – ultimately earning a “Golden Arm Welder” status.
Leadership Academy – This initiative identifies “high potential” journeymen and through formal training and on-the-job experience, develops them to become construction leaders and can end with site management responsibilities. 

See what opportunities we have available in field services - apply with us today.


Our culture of caring focuses on supporting you as you develop your career with Jacobs. We want you to succeed, have a long and exciting career path, while also having and maintaining a family at home. Jacobs' primary benefits package can help you — and your families — stay healthy, save for their future, and enjoy a balanced work/life schedule.
Specific benefits vary from country to country, but typically include:

Flexible work schedules and opportunities to work remotely
Tuition reimbursement
Retirement benefits
Employee stock purchase plan
Health benefits
Disability benefits
Life and accident insurance
Paid time off and paid holidays











 



Apply for a job
                








Ready for a job with us?





Search and apply for both staff and craft/trade jobs with Jacobs across all disciplines and markets worldwide.






Staff jobs:


Apply



 



Craft/Trades jobs:




                            Select Country
                        


Canada
United Kingdom
United States



Canada
Building Trades
Apply online
 
Non-Building Trades
Apply online


United States:
Apply online or call +1.866.780.2028.

Arizona: press 5
California: press 3
Colorado: press 1
Louisiana: press 1
New Mexico: press 5
Tennessee: press 4
Texas: press 2












Have a question about jobs at Jacobs?
                                        Here are common questions we hear from people wanting to work at Jacobs. Click or tap a question to reveal the answer.









Do you have any jobs that fit my experience and interest?
                                                    




                                                    All jobs for which we are accepting applications can be found at Jacobs – Apply for a Job.  Search for jobs by keyword, job number and/or location.
                                                





How do I apply to jobs at Jacobs?
                                                    




                                                    All jobs for which we are accepting applications can found at Jacobs – Apply for a Job.  Search for jobs by keyword, job number and/or location.  Apply to any jobs that match your qualifications and interest.

                                                





How do I reset my password?
                                                    




Jacobs has transitioned to a new recruiting system. You may need to create a new profile and login to apply to jobs if you applied to Jacobs prior to June - November 2015.
If you have applied to jobs after that time, but have forgotten your login information, please visit Jacobs – Apply for a Job, and at the sign-in page, click Forgot your user name? or Forgot your password? as appropriate.  If you do not receive such an e-mail within a few minutes at the e-mail address with which you registered, look in your junk mail folder or spam filter.






What is the status of my application?
                                                    




                                                    Visit Jacobs – Apply for a Job, sign in and click the My Jobpage tab just below the welcome message to view all completed submissions and current status of each.
                     

                                                





What is the status of the job to which I applied?
                                                    




                                                    Visit Jacobs – Apply for a Job, sign in and click the My Jobpage tab just below the welcome message to view all jobs to which you have applied and the current status of each.  Jobs which are currently posted are still available for application.
                        

                                                





How do I know my application was received?
                                                    




                                                    Each time you successfully apply to a job online with Jacobs, you will receive an e-mail acknowledging receipt of your application at the e-mail address you provided when creating your profile. If you do not receive such an e-mail within a few minutes at the e-mail address with which you registered, look in your junk mail folder or spam filter.

                                                





I am a former employee of Jacobs. How do I apply?
                                                    




Jacobs has transitioned to a new recruiting system. You may need to create a new profile and login to apply to jobs if you applied to Jacobs prior to June - November 2015.
If you have applied to jobs after that time, but have forgotten your login information, please visit Jacobs – Apply for a Job, and at the sign in page, click Forgot your user name? or Forgot your password? as appropriate.






I am a current employee at Jacobs. How do I apply for jobs?
                                                    




                                                    As an employee, you should visit the Talent Acquisition space on JacobsConnect to search and apply to available jobs.
         
                                                





How do I add a resume/CV or other documents to my profile after I have applied?
                                                    




                                                    Visit Jacobs – Apply for a Job, click Sign In on upper right-side of page.  After accepting the Privacy Agreement and signing in, click on your name on the upper right-side of the page where Sign In used to be.  Select Profile from the menu that appears.  Advance through the process by clicking Save and Continue until you reach the File Attachments step.  Follow the directions on this page to upload any attachments including your resume/CV.  Click Save and Continue to advance to the final step of process, and finally click Submit to complete the process.
                        
                                                





Expand/collapse arrowI have a received an offer from Jacobs but not sure if it is legitimate. How can I be sure?
                                                    




It has come to our attention that various individuals and/or organizations are contacting people offering false employment opportunities with Jacobs. These individuals and/or organizations may request personal information or money in order to progress the application.  Jacobs does not ask for money transfers or payments from applicants to secure a job. If you are asked for money transfers or payments to secure a job, you should assume that such individuals and/or organizations are not affiliated with Jacobs and have no authority to act on our behalf and are not providing genuine opportunities or offers.
All legitimate open jobs at Jacobs can be found through Jacobs – Apply for a Job.  Please consult at Jacobs – Apply for a Job to verify the legitimacy of a job opportunity.






I have a disability that prevents me from applying online. How do I express an interest for a specific job?
                                                    




Jacobs provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified disabled applicants may participate in the selection process. Please advise Jacobs of any accommodations you require in order to express an interest in a specific opening by emailing reasonable.accommodations@jacobs.com or calling +1 817.735.2869.
Please state your reasonable accommodation request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Jacobs will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied.





Other questions? Contact Us.













                    Stay Connected:
                        








NOTE: We do weekly scheduled maintenance on Fridays 4-5pm Pacific Time. Our apologies for the inconvenience.
                    









                                Notices:
                            

Recruitment fraud notice


Equal opportunity employment statement


Accessibility


California “Shine-the-Light” Law
















Recruitment fraud notice
It has come to our attention that various individuals and organizations are contacting people offering false employment opportunities with Jacobs. These individuals and organizations may request personal information or money in order to progress the application. Jacobs does not ask for money transfers or payments from applicants to secure a job. If you are asked for money transfers or payments to secure a job, you should assume that such individuals and organizations are not providing genuine offers or services. If you believe you have received a fraudulent job offer, we would appreciate you contacting us using our Contact us form.
All legitimate open positions at Jacobs can be found in our careers job site. Please access that from the Apply for a job section to verify the legitimacy of a job offer.










Equal opportunity employment statement

                                    Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Jacobs does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of: race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by country, regional or local law.



                                    To view
the U.S. Department of Labor’s (DOL) Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is the
Law poster and supplement, please click the following links: EEO is
the Law, "EEO
is the Law" Poster Supplement<
                                


                                    Note to Virginia Job Seekers:  Jacobs ensures nondiscrimination and equal employment opportunity in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. If you need more information or special assistance for persons with disabilities or limited English proficiency, contact the Human Resources Director at our Arlington, VA office at 571-218-1000. Persons with hearing-and speech-impairments can contact Jacobs by using the Virginia Relay Service, a toll-free telecommunication device for the deaf (TDD). Call 711 for TTY/TDD.
                                










Accessibility

                                    Jacobs provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified disabled applicants may participate in the selection process. Please advise Jacobs of any accommodations you require in order to express an interest in a specific opening by emailing: reasonable.accommodations@jacobs.com or calling +1 817.735.2869. Please state your reasonable accommodation request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Jacobs will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering Jacobs for your next career opportunity.
                                










California “Shine-the-Light” Law
Annually, California residents may request and obtain information that Jacobs shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing use within the prior calendar year (as defined by California’s “Shine the Light Law”).  As Jacobs does not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing efforts, this law does not apply to personal information collected on this website.













 



Events
                








We want to meet you.





While technology allows us to connect with potential employees quickly and easily, when the opportunity exists, we still believe the best way to begin a relationship is face-to-face. Therefore, Jacobs participates in a variety of recruiting events so we can connect with you in person.





There are currently no upcoming events.










                                Event type 


Military
Craft
University
Staff




                                Location/University 


Leeds
Kansas City









Wednesday, March 22, 2017, 5-7:30pm
UK Recruitment Open Evening
Jacobs, 1 City Walk, Leeds LS11 9DX


Learn more











Thursday, March 30, 2017, 11am-5pm and Friday, March 31, 2017, 11am-5pm
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) Annual Convention
Kansas City, MO


Learn more























Join us








Return to top




Contact us
File transfer
Company store
Privacy & terms
© 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.









	About | Jacobs




































































 



About Jacobs
                








It’s about trusted relationships.






                        At Jacobs, our focus on building long-term client relationships has helped us become one of the largest and most diverse providers of technical, professional and construction services, including all aspects of architecture, engineering and construction, operations and maintenance, as well as scientific and specialty consulting. Our 54,000 employees in  230+ locations around the world serve a broad range of companies and organizations, including industrial, commercial, and government clients across multiple markets and geographies. 
                    

                        More than 95 percent of our work is repeat business. We get to know our customers’ businesses intimately, and partner with them to help them achieve their objectives. That commitment to our clients produces consistent cost advantages, profits and growth, allowing us to attract and retain the industry's top talent. Our strict dedication to safety and uncompromising ethics create a work environment that promotes employee progress and helps generate nearly $11 billion in annual revenue. 
                    

                        We measure the value we bring to clients every day — wherever in the world they may be, in any industry or technical discipline. In fact in 2016 we produced $7.79 billion in client savings through our JacobsValue program, a major accomplishment.
                    






See also:

Featured job openings
Employee career stories
What we are doing for our clients
Our project gallery
Our global locations  
Our company fact sheet
Our summary annual report









 



Vision, Mission and Values
                








Our vision, mission and values guide us in everything we do.






                        Our company’s Vision, Mission and Values are the cornerstones of our culture. They guide our global strategy, define our overarching goals, and serve as a constant reminder of Jacobs’ high performing, innovative and empowered culture.
                    
Our Vision, Mission and Values are inspired by our teammates, our rich history, and our promising future. For 70 years, Jacobs has been the driving force behind some of world’s greatest engineering feats.

                        These guiding principles help ensure that our company will continue to provide solutions for a more connected, sustainable world for many years to come. 
                    

Featured job openings
Employee career stories
What we are doing for our clients
Our project gallery
Our global locations  
Our company fact sheet  
Our summary annual report











See also:









 



Safety








Take safety everywhere you go.






                        For Jacobs, safety is more than a policy manual or a training video; it’s how we do business and it’s how we live 24/7. Jacobs invites you to experience our culture of caring – a culture in which safety, health and welfare are top priorities; and in which we’re all responsible for looking out for one another.
                    

                        Jacobs' safety culture extends outside the office walls, beyond the project site and into our cars, our homes, and our communities; affecting all the people we interact with everywhere around the world. BeyondZero® is the name of our safety program, and it’s about every one of us making safety a personal value that we live by each day.
                    






Learn more about:

Our philosophy on making safety happen   
Video: view our support of Wireless Industry Safety Task Force’s Tie-off 24/7 Campaign










Safety Week 2017
Kate's Story: A safety video
BeyondZero: Home. Work. You.











Being safe every day on every job site crosses competitive boundaries. Jacobs is proud to sponsor Safety Week, an initiative of more than 40 national and global construction firms that have joined forces with a single aim: to inspire everyone in the industry to be leaders in safety. 
During Safety Week, May 1-5, 2017, Jacobs employees worldwide will kick off our celebration of the 10th anniversary of our BeyondZero® culture of caring. We’ll hold workshops, contests, and even dance performances. Offices and jobsites will learn about our daily topics:

BeyondZero’s 10th Anniversary
Make Safety a Constant
Positive Mental Health
Emergency Preparedness
Local Choice

We hope that whether you’re an employee or prospective employee, a client, subcontractor, competitor, or just an interested member of the public, you’ll join us in participating in Safety Week.

Learn more about our industry’s Safety Week and get ideas for your own Safety Week event.
Join the global safety conversation on LinkedIn.
Post a photo on Jacobs’ Safety Selfies area -- share your safety passion at work and at home.

Thank you for helping to celebrate safety!



“Kate’s Story” tells the tragic story of Jacobs employee Kate Carpenter (London, UK), whose husband, John Kinns, also an employee, lost his life as the result of injuries sustained in the field.
Produced internally by Jacobs, the video has been shown and discussed at office meetings around the globe and has had a profound impact within the company. The video is now available for employees to view and share with family, friends, business partners, and clients.
Please take Kate’s message to heart.


 ®
BeyondZero© is Jacobs' safety program.We provide a variety of useful safety tools and training to all Jacobs employees, covering topics that are applicable at work, at home, and everywhere they go. Jacobs is always working to identify critical risks that cause injuries, illnesses, and incidents. Then we take proactive steps to eliminate them by helping our people develop safer behaviors, and by encouraging them to inspire others to do the same.










 



Ethics and integrity
                








Ethics and integrity are our foundation.





Over decades of consistent behavior guided by our core values, Jacobs has earned a reputation as an ethical company. We make decisions with fairness and honesty, holding ourselves and our colleagues accountable for high standards of conduct on each job we do throughout the world.
Our Board of Directors, CEO, and Senior Financial Officers take ethics and integrity very seriously. Our company is built upon a deep commitment to ethical behavior and as such our leadership at the highest levels are governed by a code of conduct.  Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Jacobs Board of Directors and our Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers demonstrates our pledge to run our company with integrity.
Jacobs' Code of Conduct is a useful guide for all our employees worldwide that outlines our collective commitment to our values and beliefs, and helps us exercise ethical decision making and good judgment – even in difficult situations.
Jacobs also expects the companies we partner with to operate with a high level of integrity, and our corresponding Supplier Code of Conduct is applicable to those in our supply chain. We also encourage our employees and suppliers to ask questions when in doubt and report violations, which they can do via an email address or our Integrity Hotline (1.877.522.6272). 
Most recently and for the second time since 2010, Jacobs has been named one of America’s Most Trustworthy Companies by Forbes Magazine. In the large-cap category, Jacobs is one of only 14 firms featured and the only engineering and construction company featured in the large cap category. Read more on Forbes.







                        “Every day we strive to act with integrity and honesty to ensure the health and future of our company. We ask that each of our Jacobs teammates, clients and partners commit to maintaining the highest ethical standards.” — Steve Demetriou, Chairman and CEO
                    

See also:

Call our Integrity Hotline: 1.877.522.6272
                            
Email us to report a violation or ask a question
                            
See Our Employee Code of Conduct
                                 
View Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Jacobs Board of Directors
                                 
Read Our Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers
See Our Supplier Code of Conduct
                                 
UK Modern Slavery Statement
                                 









 



Inclusion
                








Inclusion means welcoming all backgrounds, experiences and ideas.





At Jacobs, we value inclusion and diversity because it energizes our people and encourages creativity, collaboration, and innovation. Learning about new and different perspectives and experiences creates more varied thinking. Considering several unique points of view often results in better decisions and solutions for our clients, our investors, and ultimately our company.
The term “inclusive” can refer to many things; but as it applies to Jacobs, it means welcoming and respecting the varied backgrounds, talents, skills, and experiences of all our employees and everyone we do business with around the world – embracing and appreciating both our similarities and our differences. Inclusion is woven throughout our culture of caring; enabling us to be an engaged, committed, and productive company that produces positive results for our clients and their stakeholders. Come work for us - we want you on our team!






See also:

Our various career paths
Our latest hot jobs!
Our markets
Our clients stories
Our global locations 
Our supplier diversity program









 



Sustainability
                








Sustainable projects create enduring legacies.





Our clients want to find the best sustainable solutions for their projects around the world. We help them do just that. Jacobs is dedicated to the advancement of safe and sustainable services for our clients and within our own company. Our core values guide our commitment to an ethical, relationship-based, and cost-conscious business — a sustainable business.
Around the world, across all disciplines, Jacobs works to constantly demonstrate our commitment to sustainability through our words and actions. That commitment is reflected every day through our low-cost posture, our BeyondZero® safety philosophy, and our adherence to our Seven Principles of Sustainability.
We are continually improving and reinvigorating our efforts to be responsible stewards of the natural world as we contribute timely and efficient services and effective, tailored sustainable solutions for our clients. This is the best way we can save them money and help make their businesses successful. The work we do supports them in achieving their project goals – and in creating an enduring legacy.






See also:

View the  2016 Jacobs Sustainability Report (PDF)  
View all our past reports and apps  
Read about our seven principles of sustainability








Rush University Medical Center, Rush Transformation Program, Chicago, IL, USA


United States Air Force Reserve Command, 310th Space Wing Headquarters, Schriever Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, CO, USA


Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, DFW Airport Terminal A Phase I, DFW Airport, TX, USA


Swinburne University, Advanced Manufacturing Design Centre, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia


Fife Council, Burntisland Primary School, Burntisland, Fife, Scotland, UK


Mission Solar Energy, Solar Panel Production Plant, San Antonio, TX, USA


Campbell Soup Company, Campbell Employee Center, Camden, NJ, USA


General Services Administration, Armed Forces Retirement Home, Gulfport, MS, USA


North Carolina State University, Cates Cogeneration Plant, Raleigh, NC, USA









 



Global network
                








We’re global. And we’re local.





Our delivery philosophy is simple: Jacobs is located around the world where our clients are today and where they need us to be tomorrow. Their needs help drive our business, so we expand our offerings, locations, and staff to best serve them when and where they need us.
The result is a global network of local offices that share common values and a commitment to customized service. Jacobs employees from our 230+ locations communicate seamlessly across geographic and disciplinary areas on a daily basis to collaborate, share innovative ideas and best practices, and help clients find the best solutions for every project. We do this through regular use of our internal social communication tools and through a variety of facilitated networking events and functions that create a boundaryless, supportive and productive atmosphere within the company.
With nearly 54,000 talented, dedicated employees, Jacobs' diverse and international workforce gives clients an established local presence that understands their businesses, helping to reduce risk and maximize value. Because everyone at Jacobs is guided by the same core values and operates according to the same Code of Conduct, we behave and perform consistently no matter where we are; one company around the globe.






Learn more about:

Our locations
Our inclusion philosophy
Our history
Client features 

































 



Our history
                








Our rich history fuels the future.





Our history begins with the company's founding by Joseph J. Jacobs in 1947. Since then, we have gradually evolved from a one-man engineering consultant to the publicly traded Fortune 500 company we are today. 
About two-thirds of Jacobs' consistent growth comes from organic expansion as we serve the changing and growing needs of our customers. Because we partner with our clients and truly understand their business objectives, we work in the locations and industries where they need us to be; and we position ourselves to serve their needs effectively.
Another way Jacobs is able to continuously improve and grow is through acquisition. We have acquired more than 70 businesses, and each one has contributed to our reach and capabilities. Together, as Jacobs, we deliver the benefits of a fully integrated global organization.
Our rich history guides our growth, and the possibilities are limitless in terms of the company we are yet to become. But a few simple things remain constant throughout times of change: our firm commitment to our relationship based business model; and our focus on safety, quality, and ethics are foundational to who we are.






Evolution of a Company:



1947
Founded by Joseph J. Jacobs in Pasadena, California


1967
Opened our first satellite office in New Jersey


1970
Stock listed on the American Stock Exchange


1989
Stock moved to New York Stock Exchange


1989
Passed the $1 billion mark in annual revenues


1997
Exceeds 15,000 employees


1999
Fortune Magazine names us “Most Admired E&C Company.”


2007
Declared two-for-one stock split


2013
Reached 70,000 employees


2015
Appointed Steven J. Demetriou as President and CEO


2016
Moved corporate headquarters to Dallas, Texas


2016
Announced first stock dividend program









Jim, Al, Tony looking at drawings (undisclosed project)


Dr. Jacobs at Potassium Nitrate plant in Vicksburg, MS, USA


The opening of our headquarters on 251 S. Lake.


Dr. Jacobs at Potassium Nitrate plant in Vicksburg, MS, USA


Dr. Jacobs at Potassium Nitrate plant in Vicksburg, MS, USA


Dedication of the Jacobs Science Center at Harvey Mudd College (Claremont, CA, USA - 1980)


Groundbreaking event for a new underground parking facility.


Dr. Jacobs meets King Hussein of Jordan at Dead Sea plant dedication - 1982








 



Suppliers and partners
                








Exceptional suppliers boost our strength.





A key component of our approach to providing superior value to our clients is to augment Jacobs staff with quality suppliers, vendors and partners. Our global organization of suppliers provides us with additional strengths that enable us to meet and exceed our clients' goals and objectives.
As such, Jacobs is always looking for new, diverse, and innovative partners to enhance our project teams and strengthen our capabilities for clients’ projects. We search for suppliers in every part of our business, in all our industries and service offerings around the globe. Jacobs is committed to supplier diversity across the world and support other organizations that also promote business diversity and inclusion.
Another key component to our success is our commitment to conducting business ethically, safely, and fairly – and we expect our business partners to do the same. This means following the laws of the countries where we operate, specifically as it relates to anti-corruption compliance, fair business practices, labor conditions, and human rights. Jacobs expects our partners to follow our Supplier Code of Conduct when dealing with us, our clients, and the projects they work on. 
Come Work with Us
Regardless of your business size, type, or services, all potential suppliers and vendors must register with us through our Central Supplier Database to be eligible for teaming and contract opportunities. Registering allows our client relationship managers and staff, to be aware of your capabilities and value. Register with us today!
Already a registered supplier? Update your information with us here.






Learn more about:

Our supplier code of conduct
Jacobs code of conduct
Help using our supplier database [PDF]
Help using our supplier database [Video]
Our U.S. supplier diversity program 
Qualifying for U.S. federal projects 



Integrity and ethics 
Safety
Inclusion and diversity 
Procurement services
Project gallery


Contact us to learn more about how we can work together.












Contact us
                










Need to know more? Please contact us.

Do you have a question or a comment? Need more information or help with something? Please contact us. For information about current job postings, please visit Apply for a job. Resumes or employment inquiries sent via this page will not be considered.
Recruitment fraud notice: It has come to our attention that various individuals and organizations are contacting people offering false employment opportunities with Jacobs. These individuals and organizations may request personal information or money in order to progress the application. Jacobs does not ask for money transfers or payments from applicants to secure a job. All legitimate open positions at Jacobs can be searched for and verified via our careers job site.

Thank you for contacting Jacobs. Your comments have been sent.



E-mail address:
* Please enter a valid e-Mail address.


Topics
* Please choose a topic.


Careers/Employees


Apply for a job technical issues See answers to common questions about applying for a job.



Internship inquiryLearn more about our internship opportunities or Apply for a Job and enter “intern” in the Keyword box.



Former employee supportI am a former Jacobs employee and need assistance with employment verification, retirement/401k, address change, tax documents, etc.



Report ethics/integrity issue



Clients, Suppliers & Partners


Sales inquiry/bid opportunity



Become a supplier/vendorRegister with us to become a supplier, vendor, or partner.



Supplier database issue



Others


Investor relations



Sponsorships/community involvement/corporate givingFor information about Jacobs’ recent charitable and political contributions, and for general community involvement questions, please email us at CorporateGiving@jacobs.com.



Website issue/feedback



General comment/other





Comment/Question: (Please include your name and company name)
* A comment is required.




Help us reduce spam!

* Please verify that you're not a robot.



Submit




















About








Return to top




Contact us
File transfer
Company store
Privacy & terms
© 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.










	Jacobs - Investors






































































Company profile


Merck Vaccine bulk manufacturing facility 

Engineering, procurement, construction management, and commissioning/validation services, as well as full modular design and fabrication
Durham, North Carolina, USA





With 2016 revenues of nearly $11 billion, Jacobs is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical, professional, and construction services.













Investors

Company profile

Stock information
Filings and reports
Webcasts and presentations
Corporate governance













We grow our business by helping our clients grow theirs. By putting their needs first, we build long-term 
relationships with industrial, commercial 
and government clients in multiple markets. In fact, 
more than 90 percent of our work is repeat
business.

That commitment to client value and partnership produces consistent cost advantages, profits and growth for Jacobs, allowing us to attract and retain the industry’s top talent.
Today, nearly 54,000 employees help us prosper in diverse industries by holding true to our values and culture. Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, USA, our global network spans more than 230+ offices in countries across North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, India, Australia, Africa, and Asia.
Please contact shareholder.information@jacobs.com to receive additional investor materials. More information about Jacobs is also available in our SEC filings.











Latest News and Press Releases





See more press releases





Historical Price Look UpInvestor calculator



Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer Applies


Statements made on this website, including in any documents or materials posted to this website, that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management’s current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements.


For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our latest Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We also caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made on this website.


Latest

Featured events 




Aug 8, 2017 at 10:00 AM ET
Q3 2017 Jacobs Earnings Conference Call


Listen to the live webcast

View the Press Release?()







See more events





Stock quote

Stock Quote: NYSE


Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. NYSE: JEC


$
52.34

on Jul 21, 2017 at 10:47  A.M.  




Change:
-0.20
(-0.38%)


Volume:
143,835








Stay in touch

Sign up for email alerts whenever Jacobs posts new investor information.

Email Address


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press releases

SEC filings

Presentations

Events

Financial reports













 





Enter the code shown above.



*








or email us at investor.relations@jacobs.com





Transfer agent


Correspondence about share ownership, transfer requirements, changes of address, lost stock certificates, and account status may be directed to:
Wells Fargo Shareowner Services
161 North Concord Exchange Street
South St. Paul, Minnesota 55075-1139
+ 1.800.468.9716 voice
+ 1.651.450.4064 voice
+ 1.651.450.4033 fax
http://www.wellsfargo.com/shareownerservices






















Stock information


Stock information



Stock quote

Stock Quote: NYSE

NYSE:JEC



$
52.34

Jul 21, 2017 10:47  A.M.  



Change
-0.20
(-0.38%)


Volume
143,835




Today’s open
52.44


Previous close
52.54




Intraday high
52.54


Intraday low
51.96




52 Week high
63.42


52 Week low
49.15



Pricing delayed 20 minutes













Historical Price Lookup

Lookup Date

Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31







High



Low



Opening Price



Previous Close



Volume

















Filings and reports







Filings and reports
Download our SEC filings and reports, as well as our summary annual reports.



SECfilings
Annual Reports (10K) & Proxy Statements
Summaryannual reports
Sustainability reports







< Previous

Next >







< Previous

Next >












Date
Download
Description


2016
Sustainability Report

9.61 MB




2015
Sustainability Report


10.20 MB




2014
Sustainability Report


20.62 MB




2013
Sustainability Report


3.08 MB




2012
Sustainability Report

3.25 MB




2011
Sustainability Report

3.66 MB




2010
Sustainability Report 

5.73 MB




2009
Sustainability Report

3.25 MB
























Webcasts and presentations

Feature Presentation - Lorem Ipsum est  

Engineering, procurement, construction management, and commissioning/validation services, as well as full modular design and fabrication
Durham, North Carolina, USA




Webcasts and presentations



EventTypeDocumentsDate
















Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer Applies


Statements made on this website, including in any documents or materials posted to this website, that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management’s current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements.


For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our latest Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We also caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made on this website.



Corporate governance







Corporate Governance
This section includes information on how we operate our company in alignment with the best interests of our shareholders and in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements. You can also learn about our Board members and their roles in guiding our company as well as a means of contacting them.


Meet our board
Board committees
& charters
Contact our
board
Corporate governance
documents




Audit Committee
Purpose:
Chaired by Joseph R. Bronson, the Audit Committee assists our Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, verifying our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and supervising the performance of our internal audit function.
Audit Committee Charter 









Joseph R. Bronson 
            (Chair)
Christopher M.T. 
            Thompson
Dawne S.
            Hickton
Robert A. McNamara





Contact Our Audit Committee 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Purpose:
Chaired by Robert C. Davidson, Jr., the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying and recommending qualified individuals to become directors, and in developing and implementing our Company's corporate governance guidelines.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 










Robert C.
            Davidson, Jr. (Chair)
Juan José Suárez
            Coppel
Dawne S.
            Hickton
Ralph E. Eberhart





Human Resource and Compensation Committee
Purpose:
Chaired by Peter J. Robertson, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee approves all of the policies that determine executive compensation and assists our Board in evaluating and developing candidates for executive positions.

Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter 










Peter J. 
            Robertson
            (Chair)
Ralph E. Eberhart


Juan José Suárez
            Coppel
Chris
           Thompson



 



Contact Our Board
Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Company's independent directors may do so by either:

Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, +1.877.522.6272;
Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:
Lead Independent Director
c/o Corporate Secretary
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
600 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1000,
Los Angeles, CA 90017 or
Sending a confidential e-mail to leadindependent.director@jacobs.com
Contact Our Audit Committee
Shareholders, employees and interested parties may submit at any time a good faith complaint regarding any questionable accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters concerning our Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. We encourage employees to report their concerns and complaints to our Company's senior management; to the Vice President, Internal Audit; or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Audit Committee may do so by either:

Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, +1.877.522.6272;
Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:
Chair, Audit Committee
c/o Corporate Secretary
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
600 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1000,
Los Angeles, CA 90017
 or
Sending a confidential e-mail to audit.committee@jacobs.com.






Purpose:
Chaired by Joseph R. Bronson, the Audit Committee assists our Board in overseeing the integrity of our financial statements, verifying our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and supervising the performance of our internal audit function.
Audit Committee Charter
Members:
Joseph R. Bronson (Chair)
Peter J. Robertson
Christopher M.T. Thompson 

Contact Our Audit Committee


Purpose:
Chaired by Linda Fayne Levinson, the Human Resource and Compensation Committee approves all of the policies that determine executive compensation and assists our Board in evaluating and developing candidates for executive positions.
Human Resource and Compensation Committee Charter
Members:
Linda Fayne Levinson (Chair)
Ralph E. Eberhart
John F. Coyne


Purpose:
Chaired by Edward Fritzky, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists our Board in identifying and recommending qualified individuals to become directors, and in developing and implementing our Company's corporate governance guidelines.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
Members:
Edward V. Fritzky (Chair)
Robert C. Davidson, Jr.
Juan José Suárez Coppel


Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Company's independent directors may do so by either:

Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, 1.877.522.6272;
Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:
    Presiding Director
    c/o Corporate Secretary
    Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
    155 North Lake Avenue 91101
    P.O. Box 7084
    Pasadena, California, U.S.A., 91109-7084; or
Sending a confidential e-mail to presiding.director@jacobs.com.

Contact Our Audit Committee
Shareholders, employees and interested parties may submit at any time a good faith complaint regarding any questionable accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters concerning our Company without fear of dismissal or retaliation of any kind. We encourage employees to report their concerns and complaints to our Company's senior management; to the Vice President, Internal Audit; or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Shareholders, employees and interested parties who wish to communicate with our Audit Committee may do so by either:

Calling confidentially or anonymously to our Company's Integrity Hotline, 1.877.522.6272;
Writing directly, confidentially or anonymously using an envelope marked confidential to:
    Chair, Audit Committee
    c/o Corporate Secretary
    Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
    155 North Lake Avenue 91101
    P.O. Box 7084
    Pasadena, California, U.S.A., 91109-7084; or
Sending a confidential e-mail to audit.committee@jacobs.com.












Download
Description


Jacobs Code of Conduct

7.00 MB




Certificate of Incorporation

328 KB




Corporate Bylaws

227 KB




Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Board of Directors
As amended and restated on March 27, 2014 to reflect certain technical and ministerial changes.
30 KB




Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers  
As amended and restated on March 27, 2014 to reflect certain technical and ministerial changes.
29 KB




Board of Directors Guidelines for Determining the Independence of its Members 

87 KB




Corporate Governance Guidelines

35 KB





















Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer Applies


Statements made on this website, including in any documents or materials posted to this website, that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management’s current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements.


For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our latest Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We also caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made on this website.









Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5


        © 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.
    



Contact us
|
File transfer
|
Company store
|
Privacy & terms 




Return to top




Statements that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements.   Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain.  We, therefore, caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements.


For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our 2009 Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We caution readers that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking.









Steven J. Demetriou
,

, Director since 2015
,

, Chairman of the Board and CEO




Mr. Demetriou joined Jacobs as President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2015, and became Chairman of the Board in July 2016. He offers international business perspectives and more than 30 years in leadership and senior management roles to build on Jacobs' strong foundations, including 14 years in the role as Chief Executive Officer. Most recently, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aleris Corporation, a global downstream aluminum producer. Over the course of his career, Steve has gained broad experience with companies in a wide range of industries, including Metals, Specialty Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing and Fertilizers. His career highlights include 16 years at ExxonMobil.
Steve is a member of Jacobs’ Board of Directors and also serves on the board of Kraton Performance Polymers. He served on the board of Foster-Wheeler for several years and was Non-Executive Chairman of Foster-Wheeler from 2011-2014.








Linda Fayne Levinson
,

, Director since 1996
,

, Lead DirectorIndependent




Ms. Fayne Levinson is an experienced executive and corporate director. From 1997 until 2004, she was a Partner of GRP Partners, a venture capital firm that invests in early stage technology companies. Prior to that, she was an executive at Creative Artists Agency, Inc.; a Partner at Wings Partners, a Los Angeles based private equity firm; President of Fayne Levinson Associates, an independent consulting firm; a Senior Vice President of American Express Travel Related Services Co., Inc.; and a Partner of McKinsey & Company, where she became the first woman partner in 1979.Ms. Fayne Levinson also serves as a member of the Boards of Hertz, Ingram Micro, Inc., NCR Corporation and The Western Union Company. Ms. Levinson’s experience brings in-depth knowledge of business operations, strategy, compensation strategies and other corporate governance matters to the Board of Directors.








Joseph R. Bronson
,

, Director since 2003
,

, Independent




Mr. Bronson is Principal and CEO of The Bronson Group, LLC, a consulting firm primarily engaged in the area of financial and operational consulting. In March 2014, he started serving as Strategic Advisor to Cowen and Company, a New York-based investment bank. In May 2011, he was appointed an Advisory Director to GCA/Savvian, LLC, a financial advisory firm based in San Francisco, California. Prior to that, he held top executive positions at a number of product development and manufacturing firms in the electronics and technology industries; including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Materials, Inc., the global leader in semiconductor capital equipment. Mr. Bronson had a number of general management and executive positions with Applied Materials spanning 22 years.
Mr. Bronson also currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a leading supplier of analog devices to semiconductor industry, and PDF Solutions, Inc., a company involved in the semiconductor diagnostic business. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of CPAs and serves as Trustee of Fairfield University and is Chairman of the Leavey School of Business Advisory Board, Santa Clara University, California. He is also a director of two private companies.
Mr. Bronson brings accounting expertise and familiarity with financial statements, financial disclosures, auditing and internal controls to the Board from his prior service as Chief Financial Officer. His senior management level experience at large publicly traded companies also brings to the Board additional perspective regarding the day to day operations of large organizations as well as corporate best practices.









Juan José Suárez Coppel
,

, Director since 2013
,

, Independent




Mr. Suárez was General Director (Chief Executive Officer) of PEMEX, the national oil company of Mexico, from 2009 to 2012. Prior to his tenure as General Director, Mr. Suárez held other positions at PEMEX, including Chief Financial Officer from 2001 to 2006. He also served as Chief of Staff of Mexico’s Secretary of Finance and Public Credit in 2000 and 2001.In the private sector, Mr. Suárez was Co-Head of Equity Derivative Trading at Banamex from 1991 to 1995 and has held senior leadership positions at Grupo Televisa and Grupo Modelo; Mexico’s largest media company and largest brewer, respectively. Mr. Suárez also taught economics at several leading universities in Mexico, Europe and the United States.Mr. Suárez provides strong expertise in the oil and gas industry, which is particularly valuable given the Company’s customers in this industry. He also brings extensive knowledge and experience in finance matters and his experience as an executive brings perspective on management and operational matters to the Board. His background in international operations also assists the Board in matters of Jacobs’ growing international presence.








Robert C. Davidson, Jr.
,

, Director since 2001
,

, Independent




Mr. Davidson is retired. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Surface Protection Industries, Inc., a company that provided surface protection products and services worldwide from 1978 to October 2007.
He serves as a member of the Boards of Morehouse College (Chairman), Art Center College of Design (Chairman), Cedars-Sinai Medical Center (Vice Chair of Audit Committee), Broadway Federal Bank, f.s.b. (Chairman of Compensation Committee and Internal Asset Review Committee), and the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business Advisory Council. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Morehouse College and an MBA in Marketing and Finance from the University of Chicago.
Mr. Davidson brings strong leadership and knowledge and experience of strategic and financial matters to the Board from his experience founding and building private companies, his almost 30-year career at Surface Protection Industries, Inc., and his prior service as a chief executive officer and chairman. He also brings to the Board important knowledge of public company governance through his service on multiple public company boards, including service on compensation committees.








Ralph Edward ("Ed") Eberhart
,

, Director since 2012
,

, Independent




General Eberhart currently serves as Chairman and President of the Armed Forces Benefit Association, a 400,000 member organization. He is a former General Officer of the United States Air Force. A graduate of the United States Air Force Academy, General Eberhart held numerous high-level command and staff positions within the Air Force over his 36-year career. He served as Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) on 9/11, and in the aftermath of 9/11, he was selected as the first Commander of the U.S. Northern Command. He also served as Commander of Air Combat Command and U.S. Space Command.He serves on the boards of Rockwell Collins, Triumph Group, Inc. and VSE Corporation. General Eberhart brings valuable leadership and management skills developed through his military service. His 36-year military career provides the Board with valuable experience and knowledge of government and the military, which is particularly valuable given Jacobs’ government and military contracts.








Dawne S. Hickton
,

, Director since 2015
,

, Independent 




Ms. Hickton is the former Vice Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of RTI International Metals, Inc., a global supplier of advanced titanium products and services in commercial aerospace, defense, propulsion, medical device and energy markets. Her tenure with RTI spanned from 2007 to 2015.
In 2017, Ms. Hickton was appointed deputy chair of the board for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland. She previously served as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Pittsburgh Branch, from 2013 to 2015, serving as chair of the branch board in 2014 and 2015.
In 2016, she joined the board of Norsk Titanium AS and is an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the International Titanium Association. She sits on the Boards of Directors of the Triumph Group and Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum and also serves on the board of The Wings Club.
In addition, Ms. Hickton is a member of the University of Pittsburgh’s Board of Trustees, serving on the Nominating, Student Affairs, and Property and Facilities Committees. Prior to her tenure at RTI, she served as a public company director of FNB Corporation from 2006 until 2013.
Ms. Hickton provides a wealth of proven business leadership experience with a CEOs perspective, and advanced strengths in project management and engineering expertise. Her background as a senior officer in a publicly traded company for nearly two decades is particularly valuable to the Board, as it lends a contemporary understanding of how to engage with the Company’s stakeholders, in addition to driving a strong growth agenda.








Robert A. McNamara
,

, Board Member since 2017
,

, Independent




Mr. McNamara is the Group Chief Risk Officer of the Lend Lease Corporation (ASX), an international property and infrastructure firm. Since 2014, he has been responsible for ensuring Lend Lease achieves world’s best practices in risk management and operational excellence. He also oversees Lend Lease’s Building, Engineering, and Services businesses in Australia. Prior to this, Mr. McNamara was Chief Executive Officer Americas of Lend Lease.
McNamara has over 35 years of experience managing global businesses in the development, design and delivery of projects in the government, institutional, infrastructure and industrial sectors in senior management positions. He served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Penhall/LVI International (PLI), the two largest US firms providing environmental remediation, concrete services and infrastructure repair.
From 1996 to 2006, Mr. McNamara served as Senior Group President of Fluor Corporation responsible for the global businesses in Chemicals, Mining, Industrial, and Infrastructure, as well as its China initiative. From 1977 to 1996, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Marshall Contractors, where he led the firm’s initiatives in community development, pharmaceuticals and microelectronics design/build project delivery.
Mr. McNamara serves on the Board of UDR, Inc., a publicly traded Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT). He has also served on the Board of the US China Business Council and as Chairman for the Construction Industry Institute’s Technology Implementation Task Force. He brings deep international experience along with extensive industry and customer knowledge furthering Jacobs’ commitment to executing our company strategy.









Peter J. Robertson
,

, Director since 2009
,

, Independent




Mr. Robertson is retired. Mr. Robertson was Vice Chairman of the Board for Chevron Corporation, one of the world’s largest energy companies, until April 1, 2009. He joined Chevron in 1973 and over his 36 year career he had a wide variety of responsibilities including directing Chevron’s worldwide exploration and production and global gas businesses, corporate strategic planning, policy, government and public affairs. He was also Chief Financial Officer of Chevron USA.
He is a non-executive director of SASOL Limited and an advisory director of Campbell-Lutyens. He is co-chairman of the US Saudi Arabian Business Council and chairman of the World Affairs Council of Northern California. He is a past chairman of the US Energy Association. A native of Edinburgh, Scotland, he holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Edinburgh and an MBA from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School, where he was a Thouron Scholar.
Mr. Robertson brings vital knowledge and experience to the Board in the oil and gas industry from his over 36-year career at Chevron Corporation, which is particularly important given the number of Company customers in the energy and refining sector. He also brings valuable international experience in developed and developing countries from his executive experience and the multiple chairmanship and director positions he has held and currently holds. Mr. Robertson also has accounting know-how and experience with public company financial statements, disclosures and accounting rules from his service as Chief Financial Officer of Chevron USA.









Christopher M.T. Thompson
,

, Director since 2012
,

, Independent




Mr. Thompson was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Gold Fields Ltd., an international gold producer with over 50,000 employees and operations on five continents from 1998 to 2002, and continued as Chairman of that company through 2005. He was also Chairman of the World Gold Council from 2002 to 2005.  He founded and was Chief Executive Officer of Castle Group Ltd., an international investment company that helped support the development of new mines. He served on the board of Teck Resources Limited from 2003 to 2015 and on the board of Golden Star Resources Ltd. from 2010 to 2015. He currently serves on the board of Royal Gold, Inc., a company that acquires and manages precious metal royalties and streams, as well as on the board of a privately-held biotechnology company based in the U.S. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the Colorado School of Mines.
Mr. Thompson has an extensive background in the mining industry, providing strong knowledge of and management and operational experience in this area to the Board, which is particularly valuable given the Company’s customers in this industry. He also provides knowledge of the biotechnology industry, which is also important given the Company’s customers in that industry. His senior management level experience also brings to the Board additional perspective regarding the day to day operations of large organizations as well as corporate best practices.

























	Client advocate | Jacobs




































































 



Client advocate
                








Looking out for our clients’ interests. Period.













Jacobs is a relationship-based company. This is one of our three core values, and it means that we partner with our clients to develop long-term relationships with them, get to know their businesses and objectives on a deep level, advocate for their interests as our own, and help them grow.
Our people consistently deliver for clients, which is why more than 90 percent of the work Jacobs does comes from repeat business through our long-term relationships. We customize teams to match client needs: finding the right people to develop the right solutions, and positioning ourselves in locations where clients plan to invest. 
Jacobs does this with a relentless focus on safety, a commitment to cost-saving and sustainable solutions, and a strong and diverse range of suppliers worldwide to help our clients achieve their goals.
















Client advocate








Return to top




Contact us
File transfer
Company store
Privacy & terms
© 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.









	Project gallery | Jacobs






































































Project Gallery
                










Exposition Construction Authority, Light Rail Line Phase 1, Los Angeles, CA, USA



Eesti Energia Õlitööstus AS, Narva Shale Plant Expansion, Narva, Estonia



Clarion Partners, Metro Park VI, Franconia, VA, USA



PIMA County, Ina Road Water Reclamation Facility, Pima County, AZ, USA.Â Image courtesy of MWH Constructors



Heathrow Airport Limited, Energy Infrastructure Project (EIP), Heathrow Airport, London, England, United Kingdom



Chinese Hospital Foundation, New Chinese Hospital, San Fransisco, CA, USA



Atlanta Beltline Inc., Historic Fourth Ward Park Phase 1 Project, Atlanta, GA, USA



Ashland Chemicals (Nanjing) Co., Ltd., Integrated Portfolio, Jiangsu and Guangdong Provinces, People's Republic of China



Saudi Arabian Mining Company, Ma'aden Wa'ad al Shammal Phospate Project, Sirhan-Turaif region, Saudi Arabia



Diesel, Diesel Corporate Headquarters, Breganze, Italy



BP, G-10 Project at Kwinana Refinery, Western Australia



Eastman Chemical Company, Eastman Chemical Company-Long-term Alliance, Kingsport, TN, USA


















Project gallery








Return to top




Contact us
File transfer
Company store
Privacy & terms
© 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.








Jacobs Douglas C in Kenwood Cincinnati, Ohio with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeCincinnati, OHJacobs Douglas CKenwood Cincinnati, OH Jacobs Douglas CAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Jacobs Douglas C1502 University BlvdHamilton, OH 45011(513) 868-860015.8 milesAccountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteBusinesses in related categories to Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Elliott Davis Decosimo LLC201 E 5th StCincinnati, OH 45202(513) 579-1717Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. Floyd-Scott CPA & Associates5843 Harrison AveCincinnati, OH 45248(513) 451-7930Accountants-Certified PublicDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Seibel & Katz CPAs3814 West StCincinnati, OH 45227(513) 271-7835Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentFrom Business: To meet the needs of our clients, Seibel & Katz CPAs, was established as a Ohio CPA firm in 1994, to provide accounting, tax, and business advisory services to co…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Long Dave E CPA Acctg & Financl Services Inc6645 Colerain AveCincinnati, OH 45239(513) 741-2700Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteYP AdDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Since 1979, David E Long CPA Accounting & Financial Services Inc has been serving the greater Cincinnati, OH area by providing professional accounting and bookkee…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED6. Stephenson & Warner IncBBB Rating: A+1502 University BlvdHamilton, OH 45011(513) 868-8600Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Hours during Tax Season (Jan-April 15) Monday - Friday: 8:00am - 6:00pm. Regular Hours Monday - Friday: 8:30am - 5:00pmAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED7. Stith Wimsatt and Assoc PLLCBBB Rating: A+35 Shelby StFlorence, KY 41042(859) 283-5560Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED8. FRANZ CPAs Inc11180 Reed Hartman HwyBlue Ash, OH 45242(513) 489-4848Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Extended Hours During Tax SeasonAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED9. Bookkeeping.com(1)Serving the Cincinnati Area.(888) 273-0469Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteMore InfoI found Bookkeeping.com to be a very prompt and professional service. It is also nice they provide a complete array of business services which makes…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED10. Silver Tax Group(28)Serving the Cincinnati Area.(800) 201-3187Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteMore InfoI came across this firm "blind" by Googling my particular tax issue.  Because I live far from their main office, our initial contact was through e-m…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. Angel Dolores M CPA9109 Montgomery RdCincinnati, OH 45242(513) 984-3971Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Brauning IncBBB Rating: A+8260 Northcreek Dr Ste 130Cincinnati, OH 45236(513) 943-9200Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection13. Plattenburg & Associates IncBBB Rating: A+8260 Northcreek Dr Ste 330Cincinnati, OH 45236(513) 891-2722Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. Feltrup & Co8050 Hosbrook Rd Ste 109Cincinnati, OH 45236(513) 721-3710Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. Burd, Michael, CPA6455 Westover CirCincinnati, OH 45236(513) 793-8940Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. Michael Kadetz CPA8044 Montgomery Rd Ste 720Cincinnati, OH 45236(513) 794-1900Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Brett I Arnow IncBBB Rating: A+9110 Montgomery Rd Ste 2Cincinnati, OH 45242(513) 793-2685Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. Zoomtax7755 Montgomery Rd Ste 170Cincinnati, OH 45236(513) 745-0000Tax Return PreparationWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection19. Alex & Co8044 Montgomery RdCincinnati, OH 45236(513) 794-1900Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection20. North Bend Marine3645 Glenmore AveCincinnati, OH 45211(513) 661-4200Accountants-Certified PublicAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Hart & Gersbach Inc Cpa's(1)3377 Compton Rd Ste 110Cincinnati, OH 45251(513) 245-1010BookkeepingI do not find this company helpful in any circumstances. He charged me $100 when I met up with him and decided to file on Turbo Tax instead. He esti…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. Faulkner Crystal M105 E 4th StCincinnati, OH 45202(513) 768-6798Accountants-Certified PublicMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. Fermann & Co Cpa'sBBB Rating: A+4449 Mount Carmel Tobasco RdCincinnati, OH 45244(513) 528-1324Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. McSweeney, J Kevin, CPA4903 Vine StCincinnati, OH 45217(513) 641-1900Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection25. Kruse & CrawfordBBB Rating: A+700 W Pete Rose Way Ste 330Cincinnati, OH 45203(513) 381-2345Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection26. Dougherty Neil4675 Cooper Rd Ste 3Cincinnati, OH 45242(513) 891-2417Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection27. Selker And Fowler455 Delta Ave Ste 101Cincinnati, OH 45226(513) 321-5990Accountants-Certified PublicMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection28. Jim Burg10294 Deerhollow LnCincinnati, OH 45252(513) 923-9098Accountants-Certified PublicMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection29. Honnert, Don, Cpa - Don Honnert Accounting3284 N Bend RdCincinnati, OH 45239(513) 662-1200Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingMake an AppointmentSponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredFRANZ CPAs Inc11180 Reed Hartman Hwy, Blue Ash, OH 45242(513) 489-4848WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoSeibel & Katz CPAs3814 West St, Cincinnati, OH 45227(513) 271-7835WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoElliott Davis Decosimo LLC201 E 5th St, Cincinnati, OH 45202(513) 579-1717Local Values. Regional Firm. National Recognition.WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLong Dave E CPA Acctg & Financl Services Inc6645 Colerain Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45239(513) 741-2700WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoStephenson & Warner Inc1502 University Blvd, Hamilton, OH 45011(513) 868-8600WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFloyd-Scott CPA & Associates3612 Glenmore Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45211(513) 451-7930WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFloyd-Scott CPA & Associates5843 Harrison Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45248(513) 451-7930DirectionsMore InfoBookkeeping.com(1)Serving the Cincinnati area.(888) 273-0469100's of Local Offices for Face to Face ServiceWebsiteMore InfoStith Wimsatt and Assoc PLLCServing the Cincinnati area.(859) 283-5560WebsiteSee Our ServicesMore InfoSilver Tax Group(28)Serving the Cincinnati area.(800) 201-3187WebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Douglas C Jacobs - (81 records found) - Address, Email, Social Profiles - PPfinder.com









 














Find People





Search

i.e. 
						
					Arminda Boso, 						
					Arnaldo Fort, 						
					Armonia Cobano 











Douglas C Jacobs Pictures (12)








































































































Douglas C Jacobs Social Profiles  (9)









Welcome to Facebook - Facebook

New to Facebook? Create New Account. Forgot Password? Help Center











Douglas Jacobs - Instagram













Douglas Jacobsson - Instagram













Miss Kendrick Herman - Instagram













douglasjacobs - Instagram













douglasjacobs - Instagram













Douglas Jacobsen - Instagram













Chat online | Meet People & Make Friends nearby | Badoo - Badoo

Meet Men and Women online. Chat & make new friends nearby at the fastest growing social networking website - Badoo











Meet People on Badoo, Make New Friends, Chat, Flirt - Badoo

Badoo - chat, date and meet with over 246 million people. Join our community and make friends in your area.







Douglas C Jacobs News & Misc (10)



 Mississippi Real Estate For Sale | Doug Rushing Realty - Bing
Find Mississippi real estate for sale. Premier Real Estate Brokerage, Doug Rushing Realty can assist you in finding Mississippi land and homes


 D.C. Douglas - IMDb - Bing
D.C. Douglas was born in Berkeley, California, but lived throughout the San Francisco Bay Area. With a family history that included the circus, vaudev...


 Jacobs - Bing
Provide industrial maintenance, fabrication, construction and maintenance management technology to primary process industries. Includes services overv...


 Doug Gilford`s Mad Cover Site - UGOI - Frank Jacobs - Bing
Mad Magazine Contributors Frank Jacobs Contributions in Order of Appearance Does Not Include Subscription Ads, Ads for Paperback Books (* W=Writer / I...


 William O. Douglas - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia - Bing
William Orville Douglas (October 16, 1898 â January 19, 1980) served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Nominated by...


 Michael Douglas - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia - Bing
Not to be confused with Mike Douglas, the talk show host. For other people named Michael Douglas, see Michael Douglas (disambiguation). Michael Dougla...


 McDonald Jacobs | Accounting & Consulting - Portland, OR - Bing
Nonprofits. From financial statements to compliance engagements and year-round consulting, McDonald Jacobs delivers individual attention to help make ...


 Clan Douglas - Join CDSNA - Bing
Listed below are just a few of our activities: A quarterly newsletter- DUBH GHLASE with articles on Douglas family history and Clan Douglas activities...


 Beiler Campbell Realtors Pennsylvania Real Estate - Bing
Beiler-Campbell Realtors Avondale 610-869-8711 Oxford 610-932-1000 Longwood 610-444-7600 Quarryville 717-786-8000 Commercial 610-444-7770 Farm & L...


 mris.com - Bing
MRIS will be performing system maintenance tonight (05/11) from 11-11:30pm. We do not expect any interruption in service, but we want to communicate t...






Douglas C Jacobs
(81 Records Found)







Douglas C Jacobs Videos (20)










 Frederick Douglass for Kids(Cartoon Biography) Educational Videos for Students (Black History Month) - Duration: 4:04.
												 - Length: 4:04 	
												










 Marc Jacobs for Perry Ellis spring/summer 1992 - Duration: 3:12.
												 - Length: 3:12 	
												










 HIGHEND BEAUTY & HAUTPFLEGE HAUL PARIS | SEPHORA | MARC JACOBS | BIODERMA - Duration: 13:48.
												 - Length: 13:48 	
												










 What you might not know about the Declaration of Independence - Kenneth C. Davis - Duration: 3:39.
												 - Length: 3:39 	
												










 Douglas Miller  "On The Battlefield" Writer:Michael Mindingall/Mindingall Music BMI - Duration: 5:44.
												 - Length: 5:44 	
												










 DC Douglas "General Hospital" (1991) - Duration: 1:01.
												 - Length: 1:01 	
												










 My Soul Is Anchored - Duration: 7:31.
												 - Length: 7:31 	
												










 Max Jacobs 2015 Basketball Guard - Duration: 6:42.
												 - Length: 6:42 	
												










 Douglas Farr: Searching for Sustainability at the Suburban/Rural Edge - Duration: 1:05:38.
												 - Length: 1:05:38 	
												










 Doug Batchelor - 09/25 - The Witch of Endor - Duration: 54:26.
												 - Length: 54:26 	
												










 Breitling Douglas DC-3 Engine Start-Up - Duration: 5:43.
												 - Length: 5:43 	
												










 LAN Party`s Funniest Moments of 2014
												 - Length: 15:27 	
												










 Ownage Pranks: Racist Congressman`s Son
												 - Length: 04:59 	
												










 How to Smash a TV at 25,000fps
												 - Length: 02:15 	
												










 Epic Meal Time: Ultimate Pizza Experience
												 - Length: 02:56 	
												










 Furious Pete: How to Enjoy an In-N-Out Burger
												 - Length: 01:15 	
												







Blogs (30)





 Jacob George Creviston - Wordpress






 …  Cowan, Jon Winokur, Antonin Sertillanges, Stanley Fish, Douglas Wilson, David Denby, Ernest Hemingway, Anthony Weston, Alan Jacobs, Alberto Manguel, Wayne C. Booth, Harold Bloom, John Henry Newman, Harold Rabinowitz, John Milton … - Wordpress






 ADELAIDE'S BEST 22 - Wordpress






 A CROWS-HAWKS TEAM - Wordpress






 A CROWS-MAGPIES TEAM - Wordpress






 Types of Actors - Wordpress






 A CROWS-DOCKERS TEAM - Wordpress






 A CROWS-BOMBERS TEAM - Wordpress






 A POWER-CROWS TEAM - Wordpress






 Biti Booted Out - Wordpress






 COC Small Division All-Conference Team named - Wordpress






 Christopher L. Howard, Affiliates Report Stake In Acadia Healthcare >ACHC - Wordpress






 A POWER-CROWS TEAM - Wordpress






 The R. Douglas Jacobs Interview - Wordpress






 The Main Cast - Wordpress






 Elgar The British Symphonic Collection Douglas Bostock - Wordpress






 2013 - Wordpress






 I'm Still MDC-T Secretary-General Says Biti - Wordpress






 New Apostolic Reformation in your church? - Wordpress






 Week 4 blog entry - Wordpress






 Joseph William Burr - Saddler & Policeman - Wordpress






 List of Signatures - Wordpress






 New Calabasas Rental!  23150 Park Sorrento - Wordpress






 Intro to Film entry - Wordpress






 Jr. Spitfires Off To 2-0 Start At Toronto Titans Midget Tournament - Wordpress






 Calabasas Lake Rental Available! 23150 Park Sorrento - Wordpress






 Link Round Up: Sept 4 - 10 - Wordpress






 Acting Styles - Don't Say A Word - Wordpress






 AeroClassics releases for February 2015 - Wordpress






 Track & Field: Tigers Shine At Conference Meet - Wordpress














Latest Queries



Renee Rapp Trackback
Jorge Malillos
Habido Cuneo
Xiana Loba
Antigono Heras

Basilides Piniella
Napier Paracuellos
Ade Alayeto
Vicky Zalla
Arnaud Grinan



View all





Home
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions


PPFinder.com © 2015 All Rights Reserved
Pesquisa Pessoa



Find anyone:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z









Jacobs Douglas C 1502 University Blvd Hamilton, OH Nonclassified Establishments - MapQuest







































































































    Jacobs Douglas C
  

1502 University Blvd

Hamilton
OH
45011




 Reviews



(513) 868-8600
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help






























Douglas C. Jacobs - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Douglas C. Jacobs
Board Member at CalAtlantic Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Douglas C. Jacobs? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Douglas C. Jacobs's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Douglas C. Jacobs's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Douglas C. Jacobs's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Douglas C. Jacobs through your network of contacts.
												








Douglas C. Jacobs's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
CalAtlantic Group, Inc.


Past
To view Douglas C. Jacobs's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
77

 
 


Douglas C. Jacobs's Biography



Since 2015, Mr. Jacobs has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Brownstone Services LLC and several other private companies owned by the beneficiary of a marital trust since July 2015.  From January 2006 to June 2015, Mr. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Brooklyn NY Holdings LLC, a privately held investment advisory company established to manage the assets of a family trust.  Prior to that, Mr. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer and treasurer of the Cleveland Browns from March 2001 to December 2005.  Prior to that Mr. Jacobs, among other  ...
(Read More)

			Since 2015, Mr. Jacobs has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Brownstone Services LLC and several other private companies owned by the beneficiary of a marital trust since July 2015.  From January 2006 to June 2015, Mr. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Brooklyn NY Holdings LLC, a privately held investment advisory company established to manage the assets of a family trust.  Prior to that, Mr. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President - Finance, Chief Financial Officer and treasurer of the Cleveland Browns from March 2001 to December 2005.  Prior to that Mr. Jacobs, among other things, served as a partner of the accounting firm, Arthur Andersen, LLP.   Mr. Jacobs is also a Director of Stoneridge, Inc., a designer and manufacturer of electronic systems for motor vehicles, a member of its compensation committee and Chairman of its audit committee and is a Director of M/G Transport Services LLC, a barge line and inland waterways carrier. Mr. Jacobs' extensive background in accounting and finance, qualify him as an "audit committee financial expert" within the meaning of applicable SEC regulations, which is critical to his role on our Audit Committee and led to our Board's conclusion to nominate Mr. Jacobs for re-election.
		
Source: CalAtlantic Group, Inc. on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Douglas C. Jacobs's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Douglas C. Jacobs. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Douglas C. Jacobs's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Douglas C. Jacobs's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Douglas C. Jacobs through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Douglas C. Jacobs


















Douglas C. Jacobs's Connections (70)





Sign up now to view Douglas C. Jacobs's 70 connections »









John C. Corey
Board Member, Haynes International, Inc.









Ira C. Kaplan
Former Board Member, Stoneridge, Inc.









Paul J. Schlather
Former Board Member, Stoneridge, Inc.









Richard P. Adante
Former Vice President, Operations, Stoneridge, Inc.









Peter Kruk
Former President, Electronics Division, Stoneridge, Inc.









Kimberly Korth
Board Member, Stoneridge, Inc.









George S. Mayes
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Diebold









George E. Strickler
Former Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, BorgWarner Inc.









Michael D. Sloan
Former Vice President and President, Control Devices Division, Stoneridge, Inc.









Bruce F. Dickson
Former Chief Real Estate Officer, Forestar Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















SRI Douglas C. Jacobs Insider Trades for Stoneridge Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Stoneridge Inc.

                  NYSE: SRI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Stoneridge Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 21, 2017, 11:06 a.m.


SRI

/quotes/zigman/1471511/composite


$
15.68




Change

-0.53
-3.27%

Volume
Volume 39,387
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/1471511/composite
Previous close

$
			16.21
		


$
				15.68
			
Change

-0.53
-3.27%





Day low
Day high
$15.62
$16.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $13.42
        

            $20.82
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Douglas C. Jacobs



Mr. Douglas C. Jacobs is Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at Brownstone Services LLC, Independent Director at Stoneridge, Inc., Independent Director at CalAtlantic Group, Inc., and Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Brooklyn NY Holdings LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at Stoneridge, Inc., CalAtlantic Group, Inc., Sure-Fire, Inc., and M/G Transport Services LLC.
Mr. Jacobs was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP by Cleveland Browns LLC, Independent Director by Standard Pacific Corp., and Partner by Arthur Andersen LLP.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Miami and an MBA from Case Western Reserve University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/06/2017
5,072


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/04/2016
7,202


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/04/2015
6,613


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/04/2014
6,910


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/04/2013
11,510


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Jonathan B. DeGaynor 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Anthony L. Moore 
Vice President-Operations




Mr. Robert R. Krakowiak 
Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer




Ms. Theresa G. Mitchell 
Chief Information Officer




Mr. Daniel M. Kusiak 
Vice President-Global Procurement




Mr. Michael D. Sloan 
Vice President & President-Control Devices Group




Mr. Stephen R. Fox 
Vice President-Business Development




Mr. Thomas A. Beaver 
Vice President & President-Global Sales




Mr. Robert J. Hartman 
Chief Accounting Officer




Ms. Alisa A. Nagle 
Chief Human Resources Officer




Mr. Robert M. Loesch 
Secretary




Mr. William M. Lasky 
Chairman




Mr. Douglas C. Jacobs 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey P. Draime 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary Kim  Korth 
Independent Director




Mr. George S. Mayes 
Independent Director




Mr. Ira C. Kaplan 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul J. Schlather 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:08 AM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:00aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
10:59aCostco price target cut to $180 from $190 at Cowen & Co.
10:58aGE stock price target cut to $27 from $36 at CFRA
10:58aCiti goes neutral on Tesla stock, but counts itself in bull camp
10:58aGE downgraded to hold from buy at CFRA
10:54aTour de France: Do You Know What Day It Is?
10:40aGermany's DAX 30 drops 1.9% as part of selloff in European stocks 
10:34aThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
10:34aCalifornia wildfire raging near Yosemite National Park displaces at least 5,000 residents
10:31aChristopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’: 'Virtual Reality Without the Headset'
10:25aHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
10:25aStill not losing weight? These may be the reasons why
10:22aMastercard welcomes UK court ruling to block $18 billion class action suit
10:21aSam Adams’ new 12-pack offers up its dream team
10:15aU.S. stocks fall from near-records, with GE a particular drag
10:13aDow's early tumble is broad based and led by Goldman, GE and Caterpillar stocks
10:12aSeven years after Dodd-Frank passage, there still aren’t proposals for a fifth of rules
10:00aEuro sits at 2-year high as hawkish view on  ECB dominates
9:59aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
9:59aAmazon effect blamed for spike in default rate among riskier retailers 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,529.27

-82.51
-0.38%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,369.64

-20.36
-0.32%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.86

-6.59
-0.27%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Douglas C Jacobs - Owenton, KY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Douglas C Jacobs in Owenton, KY


Douglas C Jacobs

                                                                           Intelius found that Douglas C Jacobs  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Owenton, KY.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Doug  Jacobs


Get Report Now

Age

Douglas C Jacobs is in his 30s

Douglas Has Lived In

Owenton, KY
Frankfort, KY
Harrison, OH

Douglas's Relatives

Rebekka Jacobs
Dennis Jacobs
Cassandra Howard
Cathy Jacobs







Douglas C Jacobs



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Ohio Cops



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Douglas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Douglas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Douglas C Jacobs
Get a Criminal Check on Douglas C Jacobs
Get a Public Record Report on Douglas C Jacobs
Get a People Search Report on Douglas C Jacobs


Douglas C Jacobs's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Douglas C Jacobs has lived as well as Douglas C Jacobs's phone numbers and email addresses.




Douglas C Jacobs Has Lived in 2 States
Kentucky Address for Douglas C Jacobs


305 C*** R* 

Owenton, KY


Has Lived In

Owenton, KY
Frankfort, KY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Douglas C Jacobs

() ***-**** - Owenton, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Owenton, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Owenton, KY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Douglas C Jacobs



Get Email Report




Douglas C Jacobs's Professional Information
Information regarding Douglas C Jacobs's professional history.  Find out previous places Douglas C Jacobs has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Douglas C Jacobs Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Ohio Cops
               
Company: 
               Title: Officer
Douglas C Jacobs's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Ohio Cops
Job Details
               Ohio C.O.P.S. operates as a peer support network for survivors of line-of-duty death according to federal criteria. Our long-term goals are many. Our primary goal is to be there for all survivors on a day-to-day basis, assisting them with anything they need. Many times, knowing there are others out there who truly understand what it is like to lose an officer in the line of duty will help begin the healing process. This journey takes a lifetime. Everyone grieves differently and within our network, we have spouses, children, parents, significant others, siblings...someone for everyone. And that is our goal, to help one another survive the journey. Another one of our goals is to be able to offer financial support to survivors. There is great cost involved in getting new survivors to Washington, D.C. to honor their newly fallen officer. Our wishes are to one day be able to assist with these costs. Another area we would like to be able to offer assistance is the hands-on programs offered by National C.O.P.S. These programs bring survivors together for a long weekend where amazing things happen. There is the C.O.P.S. Kid's Program, the Parent's Retreat, Spouse's Getaway, Outward Bound, and the Sibling Retreat. Some truly amazing things happen at these retreats. Friendships are made, lifelong bonds are made, and hope for the future is found. These programs cost $100.00 and travel expenses. One day, we hope to able to send all of our survivors to these programs and have their fees paid for by Ohio C.O.P.S. If you would be interested in donating to our organization, you can mail your check or money order to:Ohio Concerns of Police SurvivorsPO Box 333Marysville, OH 43040
Title: Officer
               Company: 
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Douglas C Jacobs

 See Douglas C Jacobs's LinkedIn Profile



Douglas C Jacobs's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Douglas C Jacobs


Douglas C Jacobs's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Douglas C Jacobs's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Douglas Jacobs
Username Matches

                  DouglasJacobs
                  JacobsDouglas
                  Douglas.Jacobs
                  Jacobs.Douglas
                  Douglas_Jacobs
                  Jacobs_Douglas
                  Douglas-Jacobs
                  Jacobs-Douglas
                  DJacobs
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Jacobs







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Douglas Jacobs | THX Ltd | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Jacobs Douglas C - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Jacobs Douglas C





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-30Option Award
2017-01-034:54 pm
N/AN/A
Calatlantic Group Inc.
CAA
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
956
$34.01
29,636(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-034:14 pm
N/AN/A
Calatlantic Group Inc.
CAA
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
972
$33.44
28,680(Direct)
View


2016-06-30Option Award
2016-07-014:26 pm
N/AN/A
Calatlantic Group Inc.
CAA
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
885
$36.71
27,708(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-011:28 pm
N/AN/A
Calatlantic Group Inc.
CAA
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
972
$33.42
26,823(Direct)
View


2016-03-04Option Award
2016-03-072:15 pm
N/AN/A
Stoneridge Inc
SRI
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
7,202
$0
48,975(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-047:02 pm
N/AN/A
Calatlantic Group Inc.
CAA
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
857
$37.92
25,851(Direct)
View


2015-10-01Option Award
2015-10-025:29 pm
N/AN/A
Calatlantic Group Inc.
CAA
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
750
$8
24,994(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-012:17 pm
N/AN/A
Standard Pacific Corp
SPF
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
3,367
$8.91
121,223(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-016:30 pm
N/AN/A
Standard Pacific Corp
SPF
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
3,333
$9
117,856(Direct)
View


2015-03-04Option Award
2015-03-055:13 pm
N/AN/A
Stoneridge Inc
SRI
Jacobs Douglas CDirector
6,613
$0
41,773(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 21 Jul 2017 10:08:45 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  





































Jacobs Douglas c - Hamilton, OH - Public Accountants







 




























 




Hamilton, OH



Public Accountants



 
 










Sign in




















Public Accountants

JACOBS DOUGLAS C 





1502 University Blvd

Hamilton,
                    OH
45011

                    -
                    Butler County














                    (513) 868-8600

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
JACOBS DOUGLAS C in Hamilton, OH - Butler County is a business listed in the categories Public Accountants, Accounting, Auditing & Bookkeeping Services, Accountants & Services, Accountants Certified Public, Accountants Public, Accountants and Accountants Certified Public Cpa. If you did business with JACOBS DOUGLAS C, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Public Accountants, 
            Accounting, Auditing & Bookkeeping Services, 
            Accountants & Services, 
            Accountants Certified Public, 
            Accountants Public, 
            Accountants, 
            Accountants Certified Public Cpa
    




Website:

www.stephensonwarnercpas.com



Share




Tweet

































Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for JACOBS DOUGLAS C
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like JACOBS DOUGLAS C


Hamilton, OH



Public Accountants





Hamilton, OH



Accounting, Auditing & Bookkeeping Services














Public Accountants






JACOBS DOUGLAS C

Public Accountants

1502 University Blvd
Hamilton, OH









Stephenson & Warner Inc

Public Accountants

4938 Wunnenberg Way
West Chester, OH









Barnthouse & Cornett Cpas

Tax Return Preparation

31 Millville Oxford Rd
Hamilton, OH









Scroggins Clayton l Associates

Public Accountants

200 Northland Blvd
Cincinnati, OH









Wanner Patterson & CO

Public Accountants

11260 Chester Rd Ste 220
Cincinnati, OH









Stephenson & Warner Inc

Public Accountants

1502 University Blvd Ste e
Hamilton, OH








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz









































Hamilton Business Directory. Restaurants, Contractors, Shopping and Savings, Local Services







 




























Hamilton, OH






Business Directory






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B










Explore:

Latest Deals
Restaurants with Online Menu
Restaurants with Online Order
Businesses Recently Added




                Airport Transportation Services
              



                Attorneys
              



                Auto
              



                      Auto Repair
                    



                      Car Dealers
                    



                      Car Washes
                    





                Automotive
              



                      Auto Maintenance & Repair Services
                    



                      Car Rental & Leasing
                    



                      Car Washing & Detailing
                    





                Bars
              



                Beauty
              



                      Barbers
                    



                      Beauty salons
                    



                      Nails salons
                    



                      Tanning
                    





                Beauty & Spa
              



                      Nail Salons
                    



                      Tanning Salons
                    





                Child Care & Day Care Services
              



                Chiropractor
              



                Clothing & Appareal
              



                      Department Store
                    



                      Jewelry
                    





                Computer Repair
              



                Computer Stores
              



                Contractors
              



                      Electrical Contractors
                    



                      Painting Contractors
                    



                      Plumbing Contractors
                    





                Dentists
              



                Events
              



                      Caterers
                    



                      Venues & Event Spaces
                    





                Events & Parties
              



                      Caterers Food Services
                    



                      Halls, Auditoriums & Ballrooms Rental
                    





                Food
              



                      Bakeries
                    



                      Barbeque
                    



                      Beer, wine & spirits
                    



                      Delicatessen
                    



                      Delis
                    



                      Italian
                    



                      Pizza
                    



                      Restaurant, dinner & burgers
                    



                      Sandwiches
                    



                      Steakhouses
                    



                      Take Out & Delivery
                    





                Fun
              



                      Amusements Parks
                    



                      Bars & Pubs
                    



                      Cinema
                    



                      Fitness & Recreation
                    





                Fun Activities
              



                      Amusement Parks
                    



                      Movie Theaters
                    





                Games & Hobbies
              



                Gym & Health Clubs
              



                Health
              



                      Dentist
                    



                      Optometrist
                    





                Hospitals
              



                Liquor & Alcohol Stores
              



                Optometrists
              



                Other
              



                      Office Equipment Supplies & Furniture
                    



                      Used Merchandise
                    





                Restaurants by Cousine
              



                      Barbecue
                    



                      Chinese
                    



                      Italina
                    



                      Mexican
                    



                      Steak House
                    





                Restaurants by Type
              



                      Delivery
                    



                      Diner
                    



                      Pizza Restaurant
                    



                      Sandwich Shop
                    





                Services
              



                      Carpet Cleaning
                    



                      Carpet Rug & Upholstery Cleaners
                    



                      Child Care & Day Care
                    



                      Computer Repair & IT
                    



                      Couriers & Delivery
                    



                      Dry Cleaning & Laundry
                    



                      Electricians
                    



                      House Cleaning
                    



                      Keys & Locksmiths
                    



                      Landscaping
                    



                      Locksmiths
                    



                      Painters
                    



                      Pest Control
                    



                      Pest Control Services
                    



                      Plumbing
                    



                      Self Storage
                    





                Shopping
              



                      Computers
                    



                      Department Stores
                    



                      Electronics
                    



                      Florists
                    



                      Jewelry & Watches
                    



                      Office Supplies
                    



                      Sporting Goods
                    



                      Thrift Stores
                    



                      Toy, Games & Hobbies
                    





                Travel
              



                      Airports & Terminal
                    



                      Car Rental
                    



                      Services
                    



                      Travel Agencies
                    






Top Deals






Business in Hamilton, OH
        
 Follow











        Sears
      

added

  5 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            30% off at Sears
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-01T03:59:59+00:00






          Sears
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        Mad Mike's Burger
      

added

  7 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            40% off at Mad Mike's Burgers & Fries
          
















          Mad Mike's Burger
            Hamilton, OH









 Send
        




















        Room Escape Adventures
      

added

  16 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            51% off at Room Escape Adventures
          
















          Room Escape Adventures
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        Muddy Water Equestrian Park
      

added

  19 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            59% off at Muddy Water Equestrian Park
          
















          Muddy Water Equestrian Park
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        Paul Mitchell the School Cincinnati
      

added

  22 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            45% off at Paul Mitchell School 
          
















          Paul Mitchell the School Cincinnati
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        MetaBody Yoga & Fitness Pass
      

added

  30 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            94% off at MetaBody Yoga & Fitness Pass
          
















          MetaBody Yoga & Fitness Pass
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        Breaking The Creative Block
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Breaking The Creative Block
          
















          Breaking The Creative Block
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        JCPenney Portraits
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            75% off at JCPenney Portraits
          
















          JCPenney Portraits
            Hamilton, OH









 Send
        




















        Cincinnati Axe Throwing
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Cincinnati Axe Throwing
          
















          Cincinnati Axe Throwing
            West Chester Township, OH









 Send
        




















        Rialto Sports
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            42% off at Rialto Sports
          
















          Rialto Sports
            West Chester, OH









 Send
        




















        Best Paintball in Town
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            82% off at Paintball International (No Longer Used In Hierarchy)
          
















          Best Paintball in Town
            Hamilton, OH









 Send
        




















        Best Paintball in Town
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            66% off at Paintball International (No Longer Used In Hierarchy)
          
















          Best Paintball in Town
            Hamilton, OH









 Send
        




















        Fairfield Healthplex
      

added

  about 1 month ago






Deal ➤ 
            72% off at Mercy HealthPlex
          
















          Fairfield Healthplex
            Fairfield, OH









 Send
        



















 Time Warner Cable 

posted

  about 1 month ago






            
            Tour de Pharmacy: Official Trailer (HBO)
          
















Winning is in their blood. Among other things. Andy Samberg, John Cena, Daveed Diggs, Orlando Bloom, Freddie Highmore and more star in Tour de Pharmacy -- pr...







          Time Warner Cable
            Blue Ash, OH









 Send
        



















 Beta Theta Pi 

posted

  about 1 month ago






            
            Trump’s Not the Only One Blocking Constituents on Twitter
          













As elected officials increasingly turn to social media to communicate with constituents, some are blocking those who disagree with them. Some say it violates the First Amendment. Legislators say it’s about promoting a “healthy, civil dialogue.” Expect court battles ahead.







          Beta Theta Pi
            Oxford, OH









 Send
        



















 Oxford Press 

posted

  about 1 month ago






            
            Craft beer chain Casual Pint opens new Mason bar, restaurant
          













Craft beer bar chain The Casual Pint opens on Tylersville Road in Mason.







          Oxford Press
            Oxford, OH









 Send
        



















 Hobby Lobby Creative Center 

posted

  about 1 month ago






            
            Paints, Dyes & Adhesives
          













Find the best Stamps & Pads from HobbyLobby.com.







          Hobby Lobby Creative Center
            Hamilton, OH









 Send
        



















 Oxford Press 

posted

  about 1 month ago






            
            game sweep of Cardinals since 2003
          













Great American Ball Park was fewer than two months old the last time the Reds swept the St.







          Oxford Press
            Oxford, OH









 Send
        


















        Show more
        











 
 


Albuquerque (NM)
Arlington (TX)
Atlanta (GA)
Austin (TX)
Baltimore (MD)
Boston (MA)
Charlotte (NC)
Chicago (IL)
Cleveland (OH)


Colorado Springs (CO)
Columbus (OH)
Dallas (TX)
Denver (CO)
Detroit (MI)
El Paso (TX)
Forth Worth (TX)
Fresno (CA)
Honolulu (HI)


Houston (TX)
Indianapolis (IN)
Jacksonville (FL)
Kansas City (KS)
Las Vegas (NV)
Long Beach (CA)
Los Angeles (CA)
Louisville (KY)
Memphis (TN)


Mesa (AZ)
Miami (FL)
Milwaukee (WI)
Minneapolis (MN)
Nashville (TN)
New Orleans (LA)
New York (NY)
Oakland (CA)
Oklahoma City, OK)


Omaha (NE)
Philadelphia (PA)
Phoenix (AZ)
Portland (OR)
Raleigh (NC)
Sacramento (CA)
San Antonio (TX)
San Diego (CA)
San Francisco (CA)


San Jose, (CA)
Seattle (WA)
Tucson (AZ)
Tulsa (OK)
Virginia Beach (VA)
Washington (DC)




 


Alabama (AL)
Alaska (AK)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Connecticut (CT)
Delaware (DE)
Florida (FL)


Georgia (GA)
Hawaii (HI)
Idaho (ID)
Illinois (IL)
Indiana (IN)
Iowa (IA)
Kansas (KS)
Kentucky (KY)
Louisiana (LA)


Maine (ME)
Maryland (MD)
Massachusetts (MA)
Michigan (MI)
Minnesota (MN)
Mississippi (MS)
Missouri (MO)
Montana (MT)
Nebraska (NE)


Nevada (NV)
New Hampshire (NH)
New Jersey (NJ)
New Mexico (NM)
New York (NY)
North Carolina (NC)
North Dakota (ND)
Ohio (OH)
Oklahoma (OK)


Oregon (OR)
Pennsylvania (PA)
Rhode Island (RI)
South Carolina (SC)
South Dakota (SD)
Tennessee (TN)
Texas (TX)
Utah (UT)
Vermont (VT)


Virginia (VA)
Washington (WA)
West Virginia (WV)
Wisconsin (WI)
Wyoming (WY)





Business listings in Hamilton  

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z

Newly Added












Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter













 I want to contact Hubbiz













































Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH - Butler County







 































Hamilton, OH






Public Accountants






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B













Filters:



     
    
      Has Website
      19





Certifications:




     
    
      Certified
      8




Services:




     
    
      Accounting
      6






     
    
      Bookkeeping
      6






     
    
      General Ledger
      5






     
    
      Record Keeping
      5






     
    
      Compilations...
      5






     
    
      Tax Return P...
      4




Professionals On Staff:




     
    
      Accountants
      4





Categories:
Public AccountantsAccountants Certified Public CpaAccountants Certified PublicTax Return Preparation
More 

Tax Return PreparationTax Return Preparation ServicesTax Preparation ServicesAccountants & ServicesAccounting, Auditing & Bookkeeping Services








          Public Accountants
             in  Hamilton, OH - Butler County

Displaying businesses 1 - 30 of 36 in total






Type:

Businesses


Content


Deals


Videos





Filtered
clear





















Bauer Charles Ofc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














Barnthouse & Cornett Cpas

Tax Return Preparation in Hamilton, OH
BUSINESS ADVISORS, TAX CONSULTING BUSINESS ADVISORS BUSINESS EVALUATIONS


Locations:



                  (513) 738-1080
                  



31 Millville Oxford Rd
Hamilton,
                  OH
45013
 




                  (513) 863-7666
                  



1350 Eaton Ave
Hamilton,
                  OH

 






Select



Save
                

Send














G BR GROUP LLC

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














L A FOSTER INC

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1196 Ross Millville Rd

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-6400





Select



Save
                

Send














Karns Terry Office

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














Hiler Company Ltd

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

4285 Layhigh Rd

Hamilton,
                OH
45014



(513) 738-9100





Select



Save
                

Send














Baker Melvin a Ofc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

188 n Brookwood Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 896-1234





Select



Save
                

Send














Baker Donald t Ofc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

188 n Brookwood Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 896-1234





Select



Save
                

Send














Reimer Mary J Ofc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














WARNER LARRY F SR

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1502 University Blvd Ste E

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 868-8600





Select



Save
                

Send














Huber Vernon H CPA

Tax Return Preparation in Hamilton, OH

1165 Susan Dr

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 863-0391





Select



Save
                

Send














HamiltonStephenson and Warner Inc

Tax Return Preparation in Hamilton, OH
SERVING OUR CLIENTS SINCE 1978, 401K  403B  SECTION 125, CRETIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS, HAMILTON  WEST CHESTER AND OXFORD, QUICKBOOKS IMPORT

1502 University Blvd Ste e

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 275-1585





Select



Save
                

Send














Stephenson & Warner Inc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH
SERVING SOUTHWESTERN OHIO FOR OVER 35 YEARS, SERVING SINCE 1978, HAMILTON  OXFORD  WEST CHESTER, PROFESSIONALISM & INTEGRITY FOR OVER 35 YEARS, QUICKBOOKS...

1502 University Blvd Ste e

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 275-5976





Select



Save
                

Send














Stephenson & Warner Inc Cpas

Tax Return Preparation in Hamilton, OH
SERVING SOUTHWESTERN OHIO WITH EXPERIENCE  PROFESSIONALISM & INTEGRITY FOR OVER 35 YEARS, WE HELP SMALL BUSINESSES THRIVE

1502 University Blvd Ste e

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 257-0885





Select



Save
                

Send














DELANO SHERLEY

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

3991 Hamilton Middletown Rd Ste J

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 737-1314





Select



Save
                

Send














Goffena Michael J Ofc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














Olson Debbie CPA

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1502 University Blvd

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 868-8600





Select



Save
                

Send














Umbach Steven R

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

501 Park Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 285-7848





Select



Save
                

Send














SWANNER'S ACCTG TAX SERV & CPA

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

2403 Dixie Hwy

Hamilton,
                OH
45015



(513) 868-2482





Select



Save
                

Send














Cornett Mary e Cpa

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1350 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 863-7666





Select



Save
                

Send














Baker & Associates

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

188 n Brookwood Ave Ste 100

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 896-1234





Select



Save
                

Send














Gbr Group llc

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














CONSOLIDATED PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS

Accountants Public in Hamilton, OH

1220 Eaton Ave

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 737-4500





Select



Save
                

Send














Martinez Tax Service

Tax Services in Hamilton, OH

1595 S Erie Hwy Ste 3

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 895-1040





Select



Save
                

Send














Zettler Jack a Lwry

Attorneys in Hamilton, OH

15 N 3Rd St

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 868-3740





Select



Save
                

Send














Jerry Mullins Accountant

Public Accountants in HAMILTON, OH

3920 Hickory View Dr

HAMILTON,
                OH
45011



(513) 868-9802





Select



Save
                

Send














Wells Kimberly CPA

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1502 University Blvd

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 868-8600





Select



Save
                

Send














JACOBS DOUGLAS C

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

1502 University Blvd

Hamilton,
                OH
45011



(513) 868-8600





Select



Save
                

Send














Instant Tax Service

Accounting, Auditing & Bookkeeping Services in Hamilton, OH

964 Main St

Hamilton,
                OH
45013



(513) 892-1040





Select



Save
                

Send














Swanner's Accounting & Tax

Public Accountants in Hamilton, OH

2403 Dixie Hwy

Hamilton,
                OH
45015



(513) 868-2482





Select



Save
                

Send
















< 1 2 >















Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    














 I didn't find what I want
 The search is too slow
 The search is difficult to use
 I want to contact Hubbiz





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 










Amazon.com: jacobs







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 

























































































1-16 of 96,213 results for "jacobs"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals













Looking for Art?
Find artwork at Amazon: 
Paintings
         | Prints
         | Photography







Jacobs Kronung Coffee, 17.6-Ounce Vacuum Packs (Pack of 3)by Jacob's Coffee
$
24
95

($0.47/Ounce)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $22.72Other Sellers
4.7 out of 5 stars
490Product Description... Jacobs Kronung Coffee delivers a one-of-a-kind brew. Jacobs Kronung ...Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.Amazon's Choicefor "jacobs"Jacob's Coffee Jacobs Kronung Instant, 7.05-Ounce (Pack of 2)by Jacob's Coffee
$
17
10

($1.21/Ounce)Subscribe & SaveFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $17.98$8.99Other Sellers
4.5 out of 5 stars
206Product Description... Jacob's freeze dried instant coffee is just like fresh brewed. ...Marc Jacobs Nylon Biker Mini Backpackby Marc Jacobs
$
175
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome colors are Prime eligible
4.2 out of 5 stars
14Product FeaturesMarc jacobs mini nylon biker backpack in 100% nylon with zipper closureJacobs Kronung Coffee, 8.81-Ounce Vacuum Packs (Pack of 4)by Jacob's Coffee
$
18
05

($0.51/Ounce)Get it by Tomorrow, Jul 22FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $18.05Other Sellers
4.2 out of 5 stars
103Product Description... Jacobs kroenung coffee, 8.81-ounce vacuum packs (pack of 4) is the ...









Jacobs Kronung, 17.6 Oz. Ground Coffee (6 Pack)by Jacob's Coffee
$
52
41

($0.50/ounce)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $41.68Other Sellers
4.7 out of 5 stars
114Product FeaturesJacobs Kronung, 17.6 ounce ground coffeeJacob's Coffee Jacobs Cronat Gold Instant, 7.05-Ounce (Pack of 2)by Jacob's Coffee
$
19
06

($1.35/Ounce)Get it by TODAY, Jul 21FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $16.99Other Sellers
4.2 out of 5 stars
97Product FeaturesThe very best instant coffee from Jacob'sJacob's Coffee Cronat Gold Instant Coffee, 7.05 Ounceby Jacob's Coffee
$
11
39

($1.62/Ounce)Subscribe & SaveFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $11.99$10.29Other Sellers
4.1 out of 5 stars
63Defending Jacob: A NovelSep 3, 2013by William LandayPaperback
$
9
52

$16.00PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 21FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$0.25(254 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
13
99

Other Formats:Hardcover, Audible Audio Edition, Mass Market Paperback, Audio CD
4.3 out of 5 stars
8,385Marc Jacobs Hammered Heart with Pearl Stud Earringsby Marc Jacobs
$
19
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 22FREE Shipping on eligible orders
5 out of 5 stars
2Product FeaturesMarc Jacobs Womens JewelryJacob (The Kings of Guardian Book 1)Jul 3, 2017by Kris MichaelsKindle Edition
$
2
99

Paperback$31.52(6 used &amp new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
343Book 1 of 7 in the The Kings of Guardian SeriesMarc Jacobs Daisy, EDT Spray, 3.4oz 100mlby Marc Jacobs
$
50
97

($14.99/Fl Oz)(4-5 days)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $50.00Other Sellers
4.4 out of 5 stars
2,136Product FeaturesDaisy by Marc Jacobs for Women - 3.4 oz EDT SprayJacob Sartorius and The HatersFeb 22, 2017by Swaggy Cheese
                                Free
                            Available instantly on compatible devices
3.9 out of 5 stars
5All AgesToysmith Jacob's Ladderby Toysmith
$
5
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$3.95(23 new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
100Manufacturer recommended age: 5 - 15 YearsProduct Features... The Jacob's Ladder makes use of a timeless optical illusion to enchant ...Marc Jacobs "Resort 2016" Pave Twisted Bow Stud Earringsby Marc Jacobs
$
17
68-$
60
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome colors are Prime eligibleMarc Jacobs Nylon Biker Backpackby Marc Jacobs
$
195
00

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersSome colors are Prime eligible
3.9 out of 5 stars
20FULL SIZE .11g Marc Jacobs Beauty Fineliner Ultra-Skinny Gel Eye Crayon Eyeliner...
$
34
98

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $29.99Other Sellers
5 out of 5 stars
2












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forWomen's FashionWomen's Fashion RingsWomen's Contemporary & Designer Fine RingsWomen's Fashion EarringsWomen's Contemporary & Designer Fine Stud EarringsWomen's Contemporary & Designer Fine EarringsGrocery & Gourmet FoodGround CoffeeInstant CoffeeBooksArts & PhotographyArts & Photography CriticismArt HistoryChildren's Science Fiction BooksAfrican American Demographic StudiesMovies & TVMystery & ThrillersComedyKids & FamilyHorrorKindle StoreClothing, Shoes & JewelryHome & KitchenDigital MusicCDs & VinylTools & Home ImprovementCollectibles & Fine ArtBeauty & Personal CareToys & GamesSports & OutdoorsCell Phones & AccessoriesAutomotive Parts & AccessoriesIndustrial & ScientificVideo GamesElectronicsHealth, Household & Baby CareArts, Crafts & SewingOffice ProductsPatio, Lawn & GardenBabyEverything ElseSoftwareApps & GamesPet SuppliesHandmadeMusical InstrumentsAppliancesAlexa SkillsMagazine SubscriptionsSee All 33 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonPantryBrandMarc JacobsJacob's CoffeeJacobsJacob'sMarc by Marc JacobsJacob TimeAmazon FashionTop BrandsArtistJacob LawrenceBartolomé Esteban MurilloCindy ShermanDonatelloEugène DelacroixJacob EpsteinJacob van RuisdaelJohannes VermeerMax BeckmannOtto DixPaul DelvauxPaul GauguinStanley SpencerWilliam BlakeSee moreBook LanguageEnglishGermanDutchArts & Photography Book TypeCollectionsHistorical & BiographicalManuals & GuidesArchitecture RegionUnited StatesMiddle EastAfricaAsiaBritainCanadaEuropeLatin AmericaAustralia & OceaniaRussiaAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates










