






















Johnson & Johnson - Drug Company History, Products & Lawsuits



















Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.




 
 
 

Menu




(888) 645-1617




Big Pharma & Medical Device ManufacturersJohnson & JohnsonJohnson & JohnsonJohnson & Johnson is the largest healthcare company in the world and consistently remains at the top of the Big Pharma list of powerful corporations. With annual revenue of $71.89 billion, J&J ranked number one among drug companies by revenue in 2016. It easily outranked the second-largest company, Bayer, with revenue of $51.4 billion.Jump To TopicHistoryTylenol CrisisRisperdal ControversyProblematic Drugs & Medical DevicesMultibillion-dollar Drug PipelineJump To TopicSelect TopicHistoryTylenol CrisisRisperdal ControversyProblematic Drugs & Medical DevicesMultibillion-dollar Drug PipelineEstablished: 1886
Headquarters: New Brunswick, New Jersey
2016 Revenue: $71.89 billion
Founders: Robert, James and Edward Johnson
Size: 127,100 employees
Subsidiaries: Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Ethicon, DePuy Orthopaedics, McNeil Consumer Pharmaceuticals Co., Neutrogena and more
Since three Johnson brothers founded it in 1886, J&J has built a health care empire that includes prescription and over-the-counter drugs, orthopedic implants, surgical products and household products. The most popular brands include Band-Aids, Tylenol, Johnson’s Baby Power and Acuvue contact lenses.
While J&J is famous for its consumer health care products such as baby powder, 91 percent of its revenue comes from prescription drugs and medical devices.
The company is broken into three divisions: consumer health care, medical devices and diagnostics, and pharmaceuticals. The company has approximately 250 subsidiaries, including Cilag, DePuy, Ethicon, Janssen, McNeil and Neutrogena.
J&J is also one of the most admired drug companies. In 2017, it ranked 13 in Fortune’s Most Admired Companies list — the only drug company to crack the top 50.
Johnson & Johnson Headquarters in New Brunswick, New Jersey 
The heath care giant professes to put the people before profits. Its mission statement, called “Our Credo,” begins with, “We believe our first responsibility is to the doctors, nurses and patients, to mothers and fathers and all others who use our products and services.”
But those harmed by the megacorporation’s products might question this credo.
Despite J&J’s accolades and its success, the company has also had its fair share of scandals, government investigations, drug and device recalls and lawsuits related to products that injured thousands of people.
In fact, a notable investigation by Steven Brill for Huffington Post Highline called J&J “America’s most admired lawbreaker.”
The History of Johnson & Johnson
The three Johnson brothers — Robert, James and Edward — founded the company in 1886 in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Their initial focus was on bandages, sterile sutures, wound care and baby products. Their first-aid kits, originally sold to railroad workers, would later become a staple in nearly every household. They also sold women’s health products, including sanitary protection products and maternity kits with first-aid products to assist in home births. J&J celebrated its 130th anniversary in 2016.
Band-Aids and Baby Powder
J&J employee Earle Dickson invented Band-Aid adhesive bandages in 1920, the first self-applied dressing for small wounds sold commercially.
Frederick Kilmer, the director of J&J’s Scientific Affairs from 1889 to 1934, was renowned for pitching antiseptic methods for treating wounds. He distributed a booklet with a summary of doctor and surgeon views on wound care. Another of his accomplishments was marketing talcum powder to soothe skin and selling it as baby powder.
Birth Control Revolution
From 1963 to 1973, under the leadership of then-CEO Philip Hofmann, J&J sold birth control and personal care products and a treatment for schizophrenia. Early on, J&J subsidiary Ortho developed the first prescription contraceptive gel. And in 1963, Ortho manufactured birth control pills called Ortho-Novum, which helped launch the birth-control pill revolution in the United States.
The Birth of an Iconic Pain Reliever
J&J acquired two key companies in 1959: Cilag Chemie in Europe and McNeil Laboratories in the United States. McNeil developed the first aspirin-free pain reliever, Tylenol Children’s Elixir.

Tylenol comes in various pill and capsule forms
A year later, the medication was available over the counter and became the most recommended pain reliever by pediatricians.
The next year, J&J marketed the drug to adults. By the 1980s, Tylenol was the leading pain-killer medication in the U.S. The drug remains one of J&J’s most iconic, recognizable brands. Its active ingredient, acetaminophen, is included in a number of over-the-counter and prescription medications.
Janssen, Ethicon and DePuy Orthopaedics
In 1961, J&J acquired Janssen Pharmaceuticals, which had begun as a small research laboratory in Belgium in 1953. Dr. Paul Janssen and his team discovered new medications to treat pain, help with mental illness, fight infection and treat digestive problems. Janssen is known as one of the most innovative and prolific researchers of the 20th century. His discoveries include Fentanyl (an anesthetic), Reasec (diarrhea treatment) and Haldol (schizophrenia) — which enabled patients to live at home rather than in an institution.


J&J’s subsidiaries Ethicon and DePuy Orthopaedics allowed the company to expand into surgical products and orthopedic implants.

Janssen Pharmaceuticals became J&J’s marketer and manufacturer of blockbuster prescription drugs including Invokana (canagliflozin) for Type 2 diabetes, Risperdal (risperidone) an antipsychotic and Xarelto (rivaroxiban) a blood thinner.
J&J started Ethicon as a suture business in 1949. One of Ethicon’s innovative products was a disposable skin stapler which allowed the company to enter the mechanical wound closure business. Throughout the 1990s, Ethicon developed minimally invasive surgery techniques, where small incisions allow patients to heal quicker. One of these tools for minimally invasive surgery — the power morcellator — helped surgeons perform complex surgeries with less blood loss and shorter recovery times.
DePuy Orthopaedics joined the long list of J&J subsidiaries in 1998 when the drug maker bought the medical device company for $3.5 billion. DePuy manufactures hip and knee implants and other medical devices.
Stents and HIV Treatment
Another surgical endeavor J&J invested in was the Palmaz-Schatz stent, the first coronary stent. Julio Palmaz designed the stent and sold the patent to J&J. J&J provided the funds to finish developing the idea and then market it. This new product kept vessels open to allow blood to reach the heart, and revolutionized cardiology.
J&J purchased Pfizer’s consumer health care unit in 2006, bringing in products such as Listerine for bad breath, Lubriderm for dry skin, Rogaine for hair loss, Bengay for sore muscles and more.
The company remains focused on global concerns such as HIV/AIDS. It acquired Tibotec-Virco BVBA, a company dedicated to helping people with HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and other infectious diseases, in 2002.
The Tylenol Crisis
The Tylenol Crisis of 1982 was one of J&J’s most challenging recalls. It also provided a blueprint for future mass recalls. The company showed it was a master at reputation management in the face of bad publicity. In 1982, seven people in Chicago died after taking Extra-Strength Tylenol laced with cyanide. According to reports, an unknown suspect took the product from shelves, added cyanide and returned the products to the shelves.

Tylenol Recall
J&J recalled 31 million bottles of Tylenol at a loss of more than $100 million.

J&J immediately recalled 31 million bottles of Tylenol at a loss of more than $100 million, but never discovered who had tampered with the seven bottles.
Tylenol had 37 percent of the pain reliever market prior to the crisis. After, it fell to 7 percent. To recover from the massive blow to its reputation, J&J reintroduced Tylenol with tamper-resistant packaging, offered discounts and sent an army of more than 2,200 salespeople to doctors’ offices to restore confidence in the product. After J&J’s efforts, Tylenol regained most of its market share, climbing to 30 percent.
Then CEO James E. Burke got credit for leading the company through the crisis and restoring Tylenol’s reputation.
The Risperdal Controversy
J&J’s antipsychotic Risperdal (risperidone) made billions for the company. It also saddled them with thousands of lawsuits, including a criminal fine of $334 million for questionable marketing tactics. Documents revealed in lawsuits show how the company encouraged and incentivized its sales staff to illegally target doctors and clinics that treated children and the elderly — knowing that the drug could kill seniors and wasn’t proven safe or effective in children.

J&J created Risperdal to make up for Haldol’s loss of patent
It all began in 1986 when J&J’s profitable antipsychotic Haldol (haloperidol) lost patent. The company needed another multibillion-dollar blockbuster drug to replace its lost revenue. Risperdal was the answer. However, the FDA only approved the drug for use in schizophrenic adults — a very small part of the population. In order for the drug to be successful, millions of people would have to use it.
J&J knew it had to sell its drugs for additional uses to the elderly and children.
The drug giant wanted to market Risperdal as superior to Haldol and include comparisons on Risperdal’s drug label. The FDA disagreed. Dr. Robert Temple, an FDA clinical trial specialist, called the strategy unacceptable because it would lead “to the conclusion that Risperdal has been shown to be superior to [Haldol] when, in fact, it has not.”
The FDAs stance didn’t stop J&J from continuing to propose Risperdal for use in the elderly and children. The FDA continued to refuse to allow these uses on the drug’s label. In fact, Risperdal’s early clinical trials in children and the elderly found a high number of side effects, some serious — including an increased risk of stroke and heart-related problems in the elderly.
Selling Risperdal to Doctors and Nursing Homes
If J&J couldn’t get FDA approval, it would make its sales goal by using doctors to recommend it to their patients. While manufacturers cannot legally market a drug for off label — a use not approved by the FDA — doctors are allowed to prescribe a drug for any use.
Then Risperdal Sales Manager Alex Gorsky led the sales team and provided strategy to sell Risperdal. Gorsky is now the company’s CEO.





"We started looking hard for ways to go after these customers — pediatricians, nursing home doctors, mental health facilities, even school guidance counselors. We had to."- a former Janssen salesman told journalist Steven Brill




J&J began paying doctors in 1995 to push Risperdal and get it put on preferred Medicaid drug lists, and it worked. For example, in Texas, Medicaid spent $250 per patient with generic Haldol. After J&J pushed Risperdal in 1999, it spent $3,000 per patient.
Risperdal salespeople then went into nursing homes and the offices of pediatric psychiatrists. They paid millions of dollars in rebates and fees to Omnicare pharmacists in return for Risperdal sales to nursing homes. Salespeople incentivized doctors to prescribe Risperdal in exchange for paid speaking engagements.
They distributed literature saying that Risperdal was safe and effective for “treating hostility in the elderly.” The company also minimized any mention of side effects including a large number of deaths.
By the end of 2000, Risperdal made $1.08 billion a year for J&J. About half of the sales came from selling the drug to children and the elderly.
J&J Guilty of Misbranding Risperdal
For over a decade, J&J reaped the benefits of misbranding Risperdal, raking in billions.
In 2013, the Department of Justice ordered J&J to pay more than $2.2 billion “to resolve criminal and civil liability arising from allegations relating to the prescription drugs Risperdal, Invega and Natrecor, including promotion for uses not approved as safe and effective by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and payment of kickbacks to physicians and to the nation’s largest long-term care pharmacy provider.”
J&J’s Janssen unit “Janssen admitted that it promoted Risperdal to health care providers for treatment of psychotic symptoms and associated behavioral disturbances exhibited by elderly, non-schizophrenic dementia patients.”
It did not admit guilt in pushing the drug to children, but it agreed to pay fines associated with the charge.
The company also faces close to 17,000 lawsuits filed by the families of children who say the drug caused gynecomastia — female breast growth in boys.
J&J’s Problematic Drugs and Medical Devices
Risperdal wasn’t the only problematic J&J product. Among the millions of products Johnson & Johnson sold over the years, several pose a serious risk to consumers. In lawsuits, internal documents surfaced showing J&J and its subsidiaries knew about problems but sold the products anyway.
After reports of complications from consumers and physicians, the FDA, legal experts and patients themselves have taken action against J&J. The company faces more than 100,000 lawsuits for its defective products.






Hip Implants




DePuy, J&J’s medical device subsidiary, was one of the first device manufacturers to use a metal-on-metal hip design. It introduced the Pinnacle Hip Replacement System in 2000, the ASR Hip Resurfacing System (sold internationally) in 2003 and the ASR XL Acetabular System in 2005. DePuy Pinnacle systems have been used in up to 40,000 U.S. patients, as have 37,000 ASR products.
But the metal ball and cup components rub together and can release metal ions into the bloodstream, causing metallosis, or metal poisoning. Patients may also experience loosening of the implant or joint dislocation, and may require additional surgeries.
Because of problems with the implants and serious injuries to patients, the FDA investigated ASR and Pinnacle implants. DePuy recalled the ASR implants and discontinued the Pinnacle implants.




Learn More





Transvaginal Mesh




In the late 1990s, Ethicon and several other device manufacturers introduced vaginal mesh implants. These products were designed to treat pelvic organ prolapse (POP) and stress urinary incontinence (SUI), conditions experienced by older women following menopause, childbirth or a hysterectomy. In 2010, nearly 300,000 U.S. women received a transvaginal mesh implant.
Many women experienced debilitating side effects from the implants, including perforation of organs, vaginal bleeding and scarring, mesh erosion and severe pain. Ethicon stopped manufacturing several of its mesh products in August 2012, including its Gynecare Prolift Kit, Gynecare Prolift + M Kit, Gynecare TVT Secure and Gynecare Prosima Pelvic Floor Repair System Kit.
Internal documents unsealed as a result of litigation in 2012 suggest J&J sold its Prolift+M mesh in 2007 without proper FDA clearance. In fact, the FDA requested J&J stop selling the device, but the company left it on the market. The FDA finally cleared the device in 2008, but it did not take corrective action against the device maker, Bloomberg reported.




Learn More





Power Morcellators




Ethicon is one of a number of companies that manufactured power morellators. The devices used during hysterectomies and fibroid surgeries in women can cause hidden uterine cancer to spread. The result can be a rapid development of the disease, which can be deadly.
The FDA warned the morcellators could increase the development of cancer in women in 2014, and J&J pulled its devices from the market the same year. In early 2015, the Federal Bureau of Investigation began an investigation into the company’s knowledge of the device’s risks.
The Government Accountability Office also began an investigation into the FDA’s clearance of the devices after members of Congress claimed the devices may have harmed thousands of women.




Learn More





Invokana, Invokamet and Invokamet XR




Janssen developed the Type 2 diabetes drug Invokana, the first sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor to receive FDA approval.
Approved in 2013, the FDA began noticing problems with Invokana in 2015. The agency warned SGLT2 inhibitors can cause a deadly condition called ketoacidosis in which the body produces dangerous acids called ketones.
The FDA has since issued several more safety communications for Invokana including a black box warning for an increased risk of foot and leg amputations.




Learn More






J&J’s Multibillion-dollar Drug Pipeline
Legal worries and controversy has not slowed the drug giant. In May 2017, J&J announced it had 11 new drugs in its development pipeline with billion-dollar potential.
Some of the diseases these drugs could treat include depression, prostate cancer, solid tumors, rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and influenza.
The drugmaker says the FDA has not yet approved these drugs, but they could be well on their way to megadrug status by 2021.







 

Author Michelle Llamas 
Michelle Y. Llamas is a senior content writer and researcher for Drugwatch. She is also the host of the Drugwatch Podcast where she talks to patients, experts and advocates about drugs, medical devices and health. She uses her technical writing experience to provide easy-to-understand information on how drugs and devices work. But she also tells people what happens when products that are supposed to improve their lives can hurt them. 
mllamas@drugwatch.com









View Sources



Johnson & Johnson. (2013, January 22). Johnson & Johnson 2012 fourth-quarter and full-year results. Retrieved from http://www.investor.jnj.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=734718 
Johnson & Johnson. (2012, January 1). Subsidiaries. Retrieved from http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/0x0x564066/6b60fc92-8ac9-4933-82a4-f4a1579b6f01/2012_10-K_Exhibit_21.pdf 
Saul, S. (2006, June 27). Johnson & Johnson buys Pfizer unit for $16.6 billion. The New York Times. Retrieved from http://www.nytimes.com/2006/06/27/business/27johnson.html?_r=0 
Johnson & Johnson. (2012, January 23). Johnson & Johnson reports 2011 fourth-quarter and full-year results. Retrieved from http://www.jnj.com/news/all/johnson-and-johnson-reports-2011-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-results 
Perrone, M. (2012, December 31). FDA approves 1st new tuberculosis drug in 40 years. Retrieved from http://news.yahoo.com/fda-approves-1st-tuberculosis-drug-40-years-152508824--finance.html 
Fisk, M. & Voreacos, D. (2012, August 30). J&J will pay $181 million to settle Risperdal ad claims. Bloomberg. Retrieved from http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-08-30/j-j-will-pay-181-million-to-settle-risperdal-ad-claims.html 
Feeley, J. & Voreacos, D. (2013, January 23). J&J predicted 37% hip-failure rate. Bloomberg. Retrieved from http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-01-23/j-j-study-showed-37-percent-hip-failure-rate-records-found.html 
Johnson & Johnson. (2011, October 18). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved from http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/jnj/profile 
Profile: Johnson & Johnson. (2013, January 23). Reuters. Retrieved from http://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/companyProfile?symbol=JNJ.N 
Rockoff, J. (2013, January 23). When J&J learned of implant problems. The Wall Street Journal.
Abelson, R. & Singer, N. (2011, January 15). Can Johnson & Johnson get its act together? The New York Times. Retrieved from http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/16/business/16johnson-and-johnson.html?pagewanted=all 
Rocco, M. (2013, January 22). Johnson & Johnson 4Q beats, outlook disappoints. Fox Business. Retrieved from http://www.foxbusiness.com/industries/2013/01/22/johnson-johnson-4q-beats-outlook-disappoints/ 
Janssen Global Services. (2013, January 24). The Dr. Paul Janssen Award. Retrieved from http://www.pauljanssenaward.com/ 
Sell, D. (2015, February 25). Johnson & Johnson loses first Risperdal jury trial. Philadelphia Inquirer. Retrieved from http://www.philly.com/philly/business/ 
Brill, S. (2015). America’s Most Admired Lawbreaker. Huffington Post Highline. Retrieved from: http://highline.huffingtonpost.com/miracleindustry/americas-most-admired-lawbreaker/ 
Levitz, J. (2015, May 27). FBI is investigating hysterectomy device found to spread uterine cancer. The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved from: http://www.wsj.com/articles/fbi-is-investigating-surgical-device-1432746641 
U.S Food and Drug Administration. (2014, April 17.) Laparoscopic Uterine Power Morcellation in Hysterectomy and Myomectomy: FDA Safety Communication. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/safety/alertsandnotices/ucm393576.htm 
Schneider, M. (2014, April 30). Johnson & Johnson halts power morcellator sales, for now. Ob.Gyn. News. Retrieved from: http://www.obgynnews.com/single-view/johnson-johnson-halts-power-morcellator-sales-for-now/2caa672cefc24d81f83d3734a07f5bc3.html 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA). (2014, November 25). Immediately in effect guidance document: Product labeling for laparoscopic power morcellators. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/downloads/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocuments/UCM424123.pdf 
FDA. (2015, May 15). FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA warns that SGLT2 inhibitors for diabetes may result in a serious condition of too much acid in the blood. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm446845.htm 
Cefalu, W.T. & Riddle, M.C. (2015). SGLT2 Inhibitors: The Latest “New Kids on the Block”! Diabetes Care. Retrieved from http://care.diabetesjournals.org/content/38/3/352.full 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration. (2015, August 28). FDA drug safety communication: FDA warns that DPP-4 inhibitors for type 2 diabetes may cause severe joint pain. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm459579.htm 
Ramsey, L. (2017, May 17). The world's largest drugmaker thinks it has 11 billion-dollar drugs in the pipeline — here's what they treat. Retrieved from http://www.businessinsider.com/johnson-and-johnson-blockbuster-drug-potentials-by-2021-2017-5 
Mass Device. (2012, June 26). J&J says unsealed FDA letters on vaginal mesh sales taken “out of context”. Retrieved from http://www.massdevice.com/jj-says-unsealed-fda-letters-vaginal-mesh-sales-taken-out-context/

















































Big Pharma - Drug & Device Companies; Lawsuits & Facts



















Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.




 
 
 

Menu




(888) 645-1617




Big Pharma & Medical Device ManufacturersBig Pharma and Medical Device ManufacturersBig Pharma is the nickname given to the world's vast and influential pharmaceutical industry and its trade group, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America or PhRMA. Big Pharma and medical device companies make billions of dollars every year selling drugs and devices — including those that were recalled or involved in fraud or product liability lawsuits.Jump To TopicAbout Big PharmaBig Pharma’s InfluenceBig Pharma Sways OpinionsInfluencing Doctors & ResearchersFraud SettlementsManufacturer DirectoryJump To TopicSelect TopicAbout Big PharmaBig Pharma’s InfluenceBig Pharma Sways OpinionsInfluencing Doctors & ResearchersFraud SettlementsManufacturer DirectoryThe pharmaceutical industry — nicknamed Big Pharma — is one of the most powerful industries in the world. The global revenue for pharmaceuticals was over $1 trillion in 2014. But nowhere else in the world do the drug and medical device industries have as much power and make as much money as in the U.S.
In fact, Americans spent an all-time high of $457 billion on prescription drugs in 2015. By 2020, it will be $610 billion. Medical devices are also lucrative. The U.S. makes up about half of the world’s share of the market at about $148 billion, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce.

US based big pharma companies
Meanwhile, drug prices continue to rise. Consulting firm Segal Consulting expects drug prices for Americans under age 65 to rise 11.6 percent in 2017. In contrast, wages are only expected to rise 2.5 percent, leaving many American unable to afford their medications.
Big Pharma even contributes heavily to the annual budget of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) through application fees (user fees) for its new products. Experts say the industry contributes about two thirds of the FDA’s budget.
Five of the top 10 pharma and medical device companies for 2016 are headquartered in the U.S.: Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck, Gilead and AbbVie.
The underside of the industry reveals a history of fraud, bribery, product liability lawsuits and scandals that led to billions in settlements — a known cost of doing business for these companies who are “too big to jail.” Despite criminal charges and fines, the companies continue to do business.
Who is Big Pharma?
The majority of drugs and medical devices have ties to a small group of parent companies. Prescription drugs and devices manufactured by these companies bring in billions in profits. The biggest drug makers may also have subsidiaries that manufacture medical devices.
Pharmaceutical companies are typically larger and make more money than companies that focus on medical devices.


The most powerful drug and device companies are members of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) — the industry’s U.S. lobbying organization.

With the help of staggering profits and an army of 1,378 paid lobbyists, the industry spreads its influence on Capitol Hill. From 1998 to 2016, Big Pharma spent nearly $3.5 billion on lobbying expenses — more than any other industry. In 2016 alone, it spent about $246 million — more than the defense industries and corporate business lobbyists combined.

Fact
Only 28 percent of Americans have a good opinion of Big Pharma.

Only 28 percent of Americans have a good opinion of Big Pharma. In fact, they are the second most hated industry in the U.S. They are also the biggest defrauder of the Federal Government under the False Claims Act, according to consumer watchdog group Public Citizen.
The Reputation Institute evaluated public perception of 17 pharmaceutical companies for products and services, innovation, workplace, governance, citizenship and financial performance. The Institute based its results on 16,800 ratings from the U.S., U.K., Canada and other countries.
Of all the countries, the U.S. had the lowest opinion of pharmaceutical companies. Older people had the most favorable view of the industry.

2016 Top 10 Pharmaceutical Companies by Sales:



COMPANY
2016
2015




Johnson & Johnson
$71.89 billion
$70.04 billion


Pfizer
$52.82 billion
$48.85 billion


Roche
$50.11 billion
$47.70 billion


Novartis
$48.52 billion
$49.41 billion


Merck & Co.
$39.8 billion
$39.5 billion


Sanofi
$36.57 billion
$36.73 billion


GlaxoSmithKline
$34.79 billion
$29.84 billion


Gilead
$30.39 billion
$32.15 billion


AbbVie
$25.56 billion
$22.82 billion


Bayer
$25.27 billion
$24.09 billion




Medical Device Manufacturers
Medical devices can be anything from hospital diagnostic equipment to hip and knee implants. Several companies only produce medical devices, but some drug manufacturers, such as Johnson & Johnson, also manufacture devices.

Fact
Part of the total pharmaceutical industry lobbying price tag comes from the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA).

Like Big Pharma, medical device manufacturers also have a lobbying group to pursue their interests in Washington.Part of the total pharmaceutical industry lobbying price tag comes from the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA).
In 2016, it contributed $1.2 million in lobbying funds. Its efforts concentrate on medical device friendly bills in Congress mostly related to how companies pay taxes.
Five of the top medical devices companies have their headquarters in the U.S.: Johnson & Johnson, Baxter International, Abbott Laboratories, Stryker and Boston Scientific.

Top Medical Device Companies:



Company
Headquarters
Products Include




Johnson & Johnson
New Brunswick, New Jersey
Hip and knee implants, surgical mesh, power morcellators


Siemens
Munich, Germany
Hearing aids, diabetes testing products, diagnostic machines


Medtronic
Dublin, Ireland
Cardiac devices, defibrillators, spinal implants, catheters


Roche
Basel, Switzerland
Diabetes testing products, cancer screening devices, research equipment


Baxter International
Deerfield, Illinois
Surgery products, dialysis machines, hospital devices


GE Healthcare
Little Chalfont, United Kingdom
Ultrasound machines, MRIs, CT scanners, ventilators


Abbott Laboratories
Chicago, Illinois
Catheters, stents, surgical guidewires


Phillips
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Ultrasound machines, CT scanners, mammogram machines, X-ray machines


Stryker
Kalamazoo, Michigan
Hip and knee implants, hospital beds


Boston Scientific
Marlborough, Massachusetts
IVC filters, surgical mesh




Big Pharma’s Influence
Critics contend that Big Pharma uses manipulative tactics and expensive advertising to sway lawmakers, the FDA and the public to increase sales.
The public is exposed to Pharma’s misleading promotions and advertising. For example, critics say AbbVie and other companies who make testosterone replacement drugs such as AndroGel marketed their drugs as the fountain of youth to older men. They created a marketing campaign around the condition “Low T” that featured a quiz for men to self-diagnose Low T symptoms.

Androgel, above, was marketed as the “fountain of youth” with few studies to back it up
The testosterone market soared into the billions as a result. But few studies back up drug-company claims that the drug significantly enhances mood, vitality and sexual performance. Studies also link these drugs to heart problems. The FDA added a warning on the label after millions of men were already exposed to the risk.
The American public is not the only sector of society influenced by Big Pharma’s techniques. Doctors, scientists and research organizations, medical journals, teaching hospitals and university medical schools all exhibit disturbing conflicts of interest between their publicly stated missions and their financial and ideological subjection to Big Pharma.
Doctors conduct research with funds from Big Pharma. Private charities and foundations account for a mere 5 percent of the estimated $100 billion spent on biomedical research in the U.S. each year. Pharmaceutical and medical device companies contribute approximately 60 percent.
Big Pharma has a track record of hiring former government workers with valuable connections to gain political clout.

 The trade group PhRMA has many current or former staff members who once served in the political arena, including:

36 who worked for a member of Congress
13 who worked for a federal agency
12 who worked for a congressional committee
Two who worked for the White House
One who worked in the court system


Using these connections to pursue industry goals, Big Pharma has a significant competitive advantage over the public interest.
Marketing, Research and Development (R&D) and Drug Cost
Americans pay more than any other country in the world for pharmaceuticals — in some cases, thousands of dollars more per prescription. Big Pharma says this occurs because of the astronomical costs of developing a new drug.

Cost Facts
While companies claim each new drug costs them $1.2 billion, the true cost is more like 60 million.

The truth is that U.S. law allows drug companies to set the prices for drugs and protects them from free-market competition. Other countries set a limit on what companies can charge based on the benefit of the drug. The true cost of developing a drug is shrouded in mystery, with many unverifiable figures reported by Big Pharma.
Donald Light, a professor and expert on the pharma business model, said that while companies claim each new drug costs them $1.2 billion, the true cost is more like 60 million.
The industry also avoids talking about how much it spends on marketing, which is almost double what it spends on research.
Big Pharma Sways Opinions
The large amount of cash Big Pharma bestows on government representatives and regulatory bodies is small when compared with the billions it spends each year on direct-to-consumer advertising. The U.S. is one of only two countries in the world whose governments allow prescription drugs to be advertised on TV (the other is New Zealand).


In 2015, Big Pharma spent $5.4 billion on direct-to-consumer ads and fired off about 80 ads an hour, according to Nielsen.

Big Pharma also employs doctors, researchers and institutions.
The industry persuades doctors to allow ghostwriting, paying physicians to attach their names to positive articles about a particular drug with the goal of seeing it published in a reputable medical journal.

Paid copywriters were used in advertising Paxil,
above
Often the commentary is little more than an advertisement penned by a company paid copywriter showcasing a new product. Big Pharma used ghostwriting to promote numerous drugs, including the antidepressant Paxil, the recalled weight loss drug Fen-Phen, the anti-epilepsy drug Neurontin, the antidepressant Zoloft and painkiller Vioxx, to name a few.
In addition, even when a medical reviewer writes a comprehensive assessment of a new drug for a medical journal, it is common practice for those supposedly unbiased professionals to be on Big Pharma’s payroll.
These slanted studies appear in medical journals that are widely hailed as collections of unbiased scientific evaluation and separated from the long financial arm of pharmaceutical industry influence. Yet Richard Smith, former editor of the British Medical Journal, says, “All journals are bought — or at least cleverly used — by the pharmaceutical industry.”

Big Pharma tends to weaken the objectivity of even the most honest health professionals while encouraging them to overprescribe medications. Consider the numbers:

Advertising instead of research: For every $1 spent on “basic research,” Big Pharma spends $19 on promotions and advertising.
Distribution of free drug samples: The U.S. has one pharmaceutical sales representative for every five office-based physicians.
Sponsorship of symposiums and medical conventions: Drug and medical device makers spend lavishly on doctors, including covering meals, travel, seminars and conventions that sometimes look more like vacations.


Many medical journals, including the esteemed Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), actively vie for the attention of Big Pharma advertising dollars, billing themselves as the best way for drug companies to reach their professional readership.
How Big Pharma Influences Doctors and Researchers
Part of Big Pharma’s formula for creating blockbuster drugs is promoting to physicians and providing kickbacks and incentives to prescribe their expensive, brand name drugs.

Fact
In 2012, Big Pharma spent $24 billion on physician advertising, according to Pew Charitable Trusts.

Drug companies also buy doctors meals and pay them for “speaking engagements” in exchange for brand loyalty. One 2016 study in JAMA Internal Medicine found that when drug reps bought doctors just one meal costing less than $20 they were more likely to prescribe a promoted brand name drug.
According to ProPublica’s Dollars for Docs investigation, 1,866 companies paid $6.25 billion to doctors and hospitals from August 2013 to December 2015.

Drug and Device Company Payments to Doctors from Select Companies, August 2013 to December 2015:



Company
PAYMENTS




DePuy (Johnson & Johnson)
$167 million


Stryker Corporation
$153 million


AstraZeneca
$145 million


Pfizer
$128 million


Janssen Pharmaceuticals
$106 million


GlaxoSmithKline
$86.3 million


Boston Scientific
$77 million




Big Pharma and Researchers
Then there are medical researchers, who are hardly immune to Big Pharma’s financial power. Because drug companies sponsor clinical trials that researchers are paid to administer, too often the academics and scientists are hired hands who supply human subjects and collect data according to the instructions of their corporate employers.
Sponsors keep the data, analyze it, write the papers and decide whether and when and where to submit them for publication. Drug companies also stage-manage trials to produce predetermined outcomes that will put their products in the best light.
Medical Schools and Big Pharma
Big Pharma has also infiltrated medical schools. Teachers, department chairs and deans often sit on drug companies’ boards of directors. This influences educational content. Money from Big Pharma supports programs within many medical schools and teaching hospitals, and company reps are given access to young doctors to promote their company’s drugs.


The result is that doctors not only receive biased information but also learn a drug-intensive style of medicine.

Sales reps may influence these doctors to believe that newer, more expensive drugs are always better than old ones.
In most states, doctors must also take accredited education courses, called continuing medical education (CME). The pharmaceutical industry provides a substantial proportion of the billions spent on CME annually and continues to use that support as a marketing tool.
In addition, academic centers are able to receive royalties from Big Pharma on any drug or technology they help to create and patent as a result of research — sometimes underwritten with government funds.
Columbia University, for example, received nearly $790 million from licensing agreements with biotech and pharmaceutical companies during the 17-year life of its medical school’s patent on a method for synthesizing certain biological products.
Columbia University received nearly $790 million from licensing agreements with biotech and pharmaceutical companiesBig Pharma Fraud Settlements
In a 24-year period, Big Pharma companies paid 373 settlements totaling $35.7 billion for marketing fraud, according to Public Citizen’s 2013 report Pharmaceutical Industry Settlements: 1991 through 2015.

Fact
In a 24-year period, Big Pharma companies paid 373 settlements totaling $35.7 billion for marketing fraud.

The most common charge involved drug-pricing scams against state Medicaid programs. This meant state taxpayers ended up footing the bill while Big Pharma made billions.
Unlawful promotion of drugs yielded the biggest settlements. But these investigations take many years to complete. By then, drug companies have made hundreds of millions or even several billion, while the U.S. Department of Justice fine is typically only a few million.
This makes it too profitable to stop breaking the law for many companies, according to Michael Bobelian of Forbes Magazine.
Manufacturer Directory
Several of the biggest drug and medical device companies sell the majority of their products in the U.S. Many of these products are involved in product liability litigation. Some of the companies’ best-selling drugs brought in over a billion in 2016, according to company annual reports.
AbbVie

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 40 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: AndroGel (testosterone replacement), Depakote (antiepileptic), Humira (arthritis, Crohn’s disease)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Humira, Imbruvica (cancer)


AbbVie Inc. is a pharmaceutical company that spun off from Abbott Laboratories in 2013 and markets dozens of products. The Illinois-based group generates most of its revenue from Humira, an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat arthritis, and from AndroGel, a testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) gel that treats low testosterone (“Low T”) in men. Humira was the world’s No. 1 drug in 2016, bringing in $16.7 billion. 
AstraZeneca

Quick Facts:

Business: Develops and markets more than 45 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include:Nexium (acid reflux), Onglyza (Type 2 diabetes), Crestor (cholesterol), Farxiga (Type 2 diabetes), Seroquel (antidepressant)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Crestor, Symbicort (asthma, COPD), Nexium


AstraZeneca is a U.K.-based biopharmaceutical company that develops and markets drugs in areas ranging from cardiovascular and metabolic diseases to oncology. The company grew from the merger of Astra AB and Zeneca Group PLC in 1999. The company bought partner Bristol-Myers Squibb’s diabetes division in 2014.
Bayer

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets about 60 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Essure (birth control), Yaz/Yasmin (birth control), Mirena IUD (birth control), Xarelto (blood thinner)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Xarelto, Kogenate (clotting factor for hemophilia), Mirena


The Bayer Group is a leading global innovator with 280 subsidiaries worldwide in the fields of health care, agriculture, synthetic materials and business services. In 2016, it signed a deal for a $66 billion merger with agriculture giant Monsanto. Bayer is known for its focus on birth control, and its products include birth control pills Yaz and Yasmin, its Mirena IUD and Essure permanent birth control. All of these products led to litigation.
Boehringer Ingelheim

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 35 drugs in U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Pradaxa (blood thinner), Tradjenta (Type 2 diabetes)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Spiriva (asthma), Pradaxa, Trajenta


Boehringer Ingelheim, the world’s largest family owned pharmaceutical company, develops and manufactures drugs for a wide range of medical conditions, including cancer, diabetes and hypertension. In addition, Boehringer produces drugs and biologicals veterinarians use for animal health. Albert Boehringer founded the company in 1885, and its success continues to this day. Headquartered in Ingelheim, Germany, the drugmaker employs more than 47,000 people who operate its 145 branches worldwide.
Boston Scientific

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures medical devices for several health needs, including cardiovascular, digestive and gynecological diseases.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Various transvaginal mesh brands
Top Selling Devices 2016: Defibrillators and single-use medical devices


Boston Scientific is a worldwide manufacturer of medical devices that researches, develops and sells an expansive line of products and technologies used to diagnose and treat medical conditions. The company provides solutions for neurological conditions, cardiovascular disorders, urological and gynecological disorders and diseases of the digestive system, airways and lungs. It operates 12 manufacturing facilities across the globe.
Bristol-Myers Squibb

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets about 44 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Abilify (antipsychotic), Eliquis (blood thinner), Byetta and Bydureon (Type 2 diabetes)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Opdivo (cancer), Eliquis, Orencia (rheumatoid arthritis)


The company officially became Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) in 1989. It is known for innovation in biological and pharmaceutical research, including the antipsychotic Abilify (which it co-markets with Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.) and its blood thinners, Plavix and Eliquis. When Bristol-Myers Squibb acquired Amylin in August 2012, it gained control of its blockbuster diabetes medications, Byetta and Bydureon. 
C.R. Bard

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures cardiovascular, urological and surgical products, including surgical mesh
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Kugel Hernia Mesh Patch, IVC Filters (Recovery, G2, G2 Express), transvaginal mesh
Top Selling Devices 2016: Biopsy devices, IVC filters, catheters


Charles Russell Bard began a medical company in 1907 to help treat urinary discomfort. Today the business, known as C.R. Bard, sells 8,000 products in the fields of oncology, urology and surgery. The company operates and sells its products in 80 countries. It faces litigation related to its transvaginal and hernia mesh products as well as its IVC filters.
Coloplast

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets a number of health products including catheters and transvaginal mesh.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Transvaginal mesh
Top Selling Devices 2016: Ostomy products, catheters, surgical mesh


Coloplast is a Denmark-based company that supplies “intimate health care products” — including catheters, ostomy bags, wound dressings, skin cleansers, antifungal products and vaginal mesh — to hospitals and retailers and directly to consumers in some markets. The headquarters is in Humlebaek, Denmark, and the U.S. headquarters is in Minneapolis.
Cook Medical

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures medical devices in a number of areas from oncology to women’s health.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Biodesign and Surgisis transvaginal mesh, Celect IVC filter, Gunther Tulip IVC filter
Top Selling Devices 2016: Hospital surgical equipment, IVC filters


Cook Medical, a division of Cook Group Incorporated, is a global manufacturer of minimally invasive medical devices. The company offers approximately 16,000 products for a wide range of clinical specialties ranging from surgery to oncology and women’s health. Established in 1963, Cook Medical employs nearly 2,500 employees. 
Daiichi Sankyo

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets 8 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Benicar (blood pressure)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Benicar (blood pressure), Azor (blood pressure), Tribenzor (blood pressure)


Daiichi Sankyo is a global pharmaceutical holding company and the second-largest drug company in Japan. It makes pharmaceuticals for people and animals and manufactures medical tools and equipment. It also produces food, food additives, livestock feeds and agrochemicals. Its top-selling blood pressure drug, Benicar (olmesartan medoxomil), brought in $3.1 billion worldwide in 2013 and $2.4 billion in 2014, making up more than a quarter of the group’s sales.
Eli Lilly

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 40 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Cymbalta (antidepressant), Prozac (antidepressant), Actos marketed with Takeda (Type 2 diabetes), Zyprexa (antipsychotic)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Cialis (erectile dysfunction), Alimta (chemotherapy), Forteo (osteoporosis)


Eli Lilly & Co. is an international pharmaceutical manufacturer based in Indianapolis. Launched in 1876 by cotton-farmer-turned-pharmacist Colonel Eli Lilly, the company markets its products in 125 countries and has manufacturing plants in 13 countries. The company specializes in the areas of diabetes, bio-medicines, emerging markets, oncology and animal health. It is known for such advancements as selling the first commercially available insulin and being among the first to mass-produce penicillin.
Endo International

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets about 60 drugs and medical devices in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Percocet (painkiller), Fortesta (testosterone replacement), Aveed (testosterone replacement), transvaginal mesh products
Top Selling Products 2016: Fortesta, Aveed, Xiaflex (treats Dupuytren’s contracture – thickening of tissue in skin or hand)


Endo International is a small, specialty health care company with a global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, and a U.S. headquarters in Malvern, Pennsylvania. The company employs several thousand employees worldwide. Endo develops, manufactures, markets and distributes pharmaceutical products and medical devices through its four operating companies: American Medical Systems (AMS), Endo Pharmaceuticals, Paladin Labs and Qualitest.
GlaxoSmithKline

Quick Facts:

Business: Markets or distributes more than 180 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Paxil (antidepressant), Avandia (Type 2 diabetes), Zofran (anti-nausea)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Advair (asthma), Tivicay (HIV), vaccines


GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. Based in Brentford, England, GSK was built through mergers of smaller companies that existed as early as the 1800s. It employs more than 97,000 people in three departments: pharmaceuticals, vaccines and consumer health care. GSK has faced tens of thousands of personal injury lawsuits for Avandia as well as federal fraud charges resulting in a $3 billion fine.
Johnson & Johnson

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 180 drugs in the U.S. and hundreds of medical devices such as hip, knee, breast and transvaginal mesh implants.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: DePuy ASR Hip Implant, Pinnacle Hip Implant, Ethicon Gynecare Prolift mesh implant, Gynecare TVT mesh implant, Physiomesh hernia mesh, Ethicon power morcellators, Risperdal (antipsychotic), Invokana (Type 2 diabetes), Xarelto (blood thinner)
Top Selling Drugs & Devices 2016: Xarelto, Invokana, Remicade (rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s), Invega (antipsychotic)


Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is a family-centric pharmaceutical company that engenders trust by offering a variety of inexpensive but useful medical products like Band-Aids, Tylenol and Baby Shampoo. J&J has around 250 subsidiaries and is the largest health care company in the world. It manufactures medical devices through subsidiaries Ethicon and DePuy and prescription drugs through Janssen Pharmaceuticals. 
Merck & Co.

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 119 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Vioxx (painkiller), Fosamax (prevents bone loss), Januvia (Type 2 diabetes), NuvaRing (birth control), Propecia (male hair loss)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Januvia, Gardasil (HPV vaccine), Zetia (cholesterol)


Merck & Co., the second-largest U.S. drug company, is a force to be reckoned with. Its parent company opened in Germany in 1668, and the U.S. company was established in 1891. Merck & Co. sells a vast array of products, including Claritin, Dr. Scholl’s products, vaccines, antibiotics, blood pressure drugs, heart drugs and Vioxx, a painkiller. Vioxx brought scandal to the company, as thousands of users reported instances of cardiac side effects, some fatal outcomes. Tens of thousands of lawsuits targeted Merck. The company paid out billions of dollars in settlements.
Pfizer

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 330 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Lipitor (cholesterol), Eliquis (blood thinner), Zoloft (antidepressant), Effexor (antidepressant), Bextra (painkiller), Viagra (erectile dysfunction)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Lyrica (epilepsy and fibromyalgia), Eliquis, Viagra


Operating in more than 150 different countries and employing more than 110,600 people around the world, Pfizer is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies and manufactures products in five areas: specialty care and oncology, animal health, primary care, nutrition and consumer health care. In 2009, Pfizer faced both criminal and civil allegations over illegal marketing of drugs like Bextra, Geodon, Zyvox, Lyrica, Neurontin, Detrol and Lipitor. Pfizer agreed to a $2.3 billion settlement and a five-year integrity agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Stryker Orthopaedics

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures several medical devices, including hip and knee implants.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Rejuvenate and ABG II hips implants, TMZF femoral stems (including the Accolade, Citation and Meridian implants), LFIT cobalt-chromium V40 femoral head
Top Selling Devices 2016: Endoscopy, surgical instruments and knee implants


Stryker Orthopaedics, which controls about 25 percent of the U.S. hip and knee implant market, started as a small business with a single product: a mobile hospital bed. The orthopedic division is one part of Stryker Corp. Two of Stryker’s hip designs, the Rejuvenate and ABG II, come with metal parts linked to corrosion and metal poisoning. An estimated 20,000 Americans received one of these devices before they were recalled in 2012.
Takeda

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures several drugs for sale in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Actos (Type 2 diabetes)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Various oncology drugs


Takeda, which began as an herbal medicine shop in 1781, has rapidly expanded since the late 1990s. The company now operates in than 70 countries worldwide. Takeda’s core business is based on drugs that treat gastrointestinal disorders, central nervous system (CNS) conditions, cardiovascular or metabolic conditions and cancer.







 

Author Michelle Llamas 
Michelle Y. Llamas is a senior content writer and researcher for Drugwatch. She is also the host of the Drugwatch Podcast where she talks to patients, experts and advocates about drugs, medical devices and health. She uses her technical writing experience to provide easy-to-understand information on how drugs and devices work. But she also tells people what happens when products that are supposed to improve their lives can hurt them. 
mllamas@drugwatch.com









View Sources



Center for Responsive Politics. (2017). Pharmaceuticals/Health Products Industry Profile, 2016. Retrieved from https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/indusclient.php?id=h04&year=2016 
Picchi, A. (2016, December 30). Prognosis for Rx in 2017: more painful drug-price hikes. Retrieved from http://www.cbsnews.com/news/drug-prices-to-rise-12-percent-in-2017/ 
Ramsey, L. (2016, August 23). Why the price of prescription drugs in the U.S. is out of control. Retrieved from http://www.businessinsider.com/why-the-us-pays-more-for-prescription-drugs-2016-8 
Medical Device and Diagnostic Industry. (2014). Top 40 Medical Device Companies. Retrieved from http://www.mddionline.com/article/top-40-medical-device-companies 
Datta, A. (2016, June 13). Top 10 medical device organisations to watch in 2016. Retrieved from http://blog.proclinical.com/top10-medical-device-organisations-watch-2016 
Palmer, E. (2017, March 14). Top 15 pharma companies by 2016 revenue. Retrieved from http://www.fiercepharma.com/special-report/top-15-pharma-companies-by-2016-revenues 
Center for Responsive Politics. (2017). Medical Device Manufactures Association. Retrieved from https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/clientsum.php?id=D000053573&year=2016 
Reuters. (2017, May 4). US prescription drug spending as high as $610 billion by 2021: Report. Retrieved from http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/04/us-prescription-drug-spending-as-high-as-610-billion-by-2021-report.html 
Silverman, E. (2016, August 30). The public’s view of pharma just keeps getting worse. Retrieved from https://www.statnews.com/pharmalot/2016/08/30/gallup-poll-drug-firms-negative/ 
Ramsey, L. (2016, May 25). RANKED: These are the most and least reputable drug companies in the world. Retrieved from http://www.businessinsider.com/pharmaceutical-companies-reputation-rankings-2016-5/#13-bristol-myers-squibb-reptrak-points-660-2 
Almashat, S, Wolfe, S.M. & Carome, M. (2016). Twenty-Five Years of Pharmaceutical Industry Criminal and Civil Penalties. Retrieved from https://www.citizen.org/sites/default/files/2311.pdf 
Public Citizen. (2010). Pharmaceutical Industry if Biggest Defrauder of the Federal Government under the False Claims Act, New Public Citizen Study Finds. Retrieved from https://www.citizen.org/our-work/health-and-safety/pharmaceutical-industry-biggest-defrauder-federal-government 
Humer, C. (2016, March 8). U.S. health agency estimates 2015 prescription drug spend rose to $457 billion. Retrieved from http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-healthcare-pricing-idUSKCN0WA2O0 
PhRMA. (2017). Members. Retrieved from http://www.phrma.org/about/members





























Consumer Health Care Products | Johnson & Johnson

































































Our Stories



Latest News




Innovation




Caring & Giving




Personal Stories




Health & Wellness




Our Heritage





Our Company



About J&J

Our Credo
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Framework
Corporate Governance
Diversity & Inclusion
Empowering Women
Innovation at J&J
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
J&J Health and Wellness Solutions
Policies & Statements
Code of Business Conduct
Corporate Reports





Products

Consumer Products
Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical Products





Procurement

Value Pillars
Supplier Diversity





Careers

What We Do
How We Hire
Job Spotlight
Students
Innovation
Career Stories





Media Center




Investors

Corporate Governance
Quarterly Results
SEC Filings 
News Releases
Pharmaceutical Pipeline
2016 Health for Humanity Report
Stock Information
Webcasts & Presentations 
Actelion Public Tender Offer





Our Societal Impact

Global Community Impact
Global Public Health
Citizenship & Sustainability Reporting 







Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




YouTube




LinkedIn






















Consumer Products











Read the Story
 


Secrets of a Scent Scientist: 6 Unique Fragrances That Can Boost Your Mood









As part of one of the largest and most diverse healthcare companies in the world, our baby and beauty brands leverage the company’s world-class research tools and scientific prowess to provide consumers across the globe with innovative skin, sun, and hair care solutions. Our portfolio of baby brands include JOHNSON’S® baby, which has been trusted by moms and hospitals for over 115 years. 




Baby Care Products






JOHNSON’S Baby
For over 125 years, JOHNSON’S® has provided safe, mild and gentle products for babies and adults. All JOHNSON’S® baby products are soap-free, hypoallergenic, dermatologist-tested and paraben-free as part of our promise to enable a healthy future for all babies. Every JOHNSON’S® product is made with the purest and highest-quality ingredients because we are committed to happy, healthy development.
Visit the JOHNSON’S® Baby Website 












It is a privilege to work on JOHNSON’S® Baby Care products. We work to earn the trust of parents every day, using the purest ingredients to create the safest and gentlest products for babies’ delicate skin.

— Sarita Finnie,
Senior Director, JOHNSON’S® and DESITIN®, Consumer













Other Products & Solutions: 

AVEENO® Baby
Baby.com
BabyCenter.com
DESITIN®
PENATEN®







Beauty Products 






AVEENO
Since 1945, AVEENO® brand has been trusted and recommended by dermatologists for its use of ACTIVE NATURALS® ingredients derived from nature. The AVEENO® Brand is committed to developing breakthrough formulations with ACTIVE NATURALS® ingredients to deliver scientifically proven results for healthy, beautiful skin and hair. AVEENO® products for body, face, baby and hair are available in 22 countries worldwide.
Visit the AVEENO® Website 




1.4
One bottle of Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion is sold every 1.4 seconds.










CLEAN & CLEAR
CLEAN & CLEAR® is a global skincare brand solely dedicated to teen girls that believes beauty comes from being happy in your own skin. Founded in 1957, CLEAN & CLEAR® was the first brand to deliver skin care designed specifically for the needs of young women and continues today to deliver effective and fun solutions for clean, clear beautiful skin.
Visit the CLEAN & CLEAR® Website












I feel proud and honored to work for a company with a strong foundation of values and responsibilities, which also supports its employees to be purposeful risk-takers and bring their authentic self to work every day.

— Michelle Freyre,
President, U.S. Beauty, Consumer

















JOHNSON'S Adult
Developed with 100 years of expertise in caring for beautifully soft skin, JOHNSON'S® Adult range of beauty products is perfect for all skin types. From facial cleansing and moisturizers, to shower gels and body care, we help you invest in beautiful skin.
Visit the JOHNSON’S® Adult Website for the UK, Middle East, Japan, and Brazil








NEUTROGENA
NEUTROGENA®, the brand recommended by dermatologists worldwide, has brought clinically-proven skin care solutions to consumers for more than 60 years. By creating, innovating and rethinking what is possible in skincare, NEUTROGENA® products for the face and body deliver real results without compromises. Today, NEUTROGENA® is available in more than 70 countries, providing healthy beauty options for consumers across the globe.
Visit the NEUTROGENA® Website




$35M
Neutrogena sponsors 13,000 free skin cancer screenings annually with charitable partners, working towards a goal of donating $35 million worth of sunscreen to families in need by the end of 2016.










LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS
Family skincare brand LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS™ was born in Provence, and its identity remains rooted in the sun-kissed ingredients, true-to-nature scents, and authentic values of the South of France. Now sold in 19 countries worldwide, this joie de vivre remains integral to the brand’s wide range of beloved body, hair and skincare products.
Visit the LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS™ Website












We have some of the most beloved and admired brands at Johnson & Johnson. With consumers at the center of all we do, we are committed to bring locally relevant experiences and solutions that surprise and delight consumers around the world. 

— Alison Lewis,
Chief Marketing Officer, Consumer 













Other Regional Brands:

BEBE®
DABAO®
LUBRIDERM®
SUNDOWN®
ROGAINE®
REGAINE®
Women’s ROGAINE® 
RoC®
PIZBUIN®









We meet the health needs of families everywhere through a broad range of well-known and trusted health and over-the-counter products. These include pain relievers, allergy medicines, anti-diarrheal medicines, antacids, nasal decongestants, medicines for coughs and colds and well-known brands for wound care, oral care and women’s health. 




Wound Care 






BAND-AID
BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages have long been a staple in a family’s first aid kit as a source of caring, comfort and protection. As the technology and innovation behind the brand have grown, the makers of BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages now offer a wide variety of products to meet the diverse needs of today’s active families and their lifestyles.
Visit the BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages Website












My 4-year-old daughter, Eliza, used to be afraid of wearing bandages. Then I showed her BAND-AID® Brand Star Wars bandages, and now she can’t get enough!”

— Misty Rosas,
Consumer Content Strategist 













Other Regional Brands:

COMPEEDUSA®
NEOSPORIN®
POLYSPORIN®







Over-the-Counter






MOTRIN
The MOTRIN® brand has a long history of helping families feel better so they can make the most of every day. MOTRIN® is a leading pain relief brand, which temporarily relieves minor aches and pains due to headache, muscular aches, minor pain of arthritis, toothache, backache, the common cold and menstrual cramps; and also temporarily reduces fever. 
Visit the MOTRIN® Website




561
The number of patents Johnson & Johnson has filed in the last five years. 










TYLENOL
Recommended by doctors and pediatricians, TYLENOL® products contain acetaminophen, which relieves pain and temporarily reduces fever. TYLENOL® products offer relief from headache and muscle pain, arthritis pain, sinus, cold & flu, as well as pain with sleeplessness for adults. Infants’ TYLENOL® & Children’s TYLENOL® reduce fever and relieve pain while being gentle on the tummy for children. 
Visit the TYLENOL® Website








BENADRYL
BENADRYL® brand makes both ingestible allergy products and topical antihistamines. BENADRYL® relieves allergy symptoms of sneezing, runny nose, itchy, watery eyes and itching of the nose and throat. These symptoms can be caused by allergy triggers such as dust, mold, pet dander, tree pollen, weeds and grasses. BENADRYL® also relieves the cold symptoms of runny nose and sneezing. 
Visit the BENADRYL® Website












Innovation is about understanding consumer needs and creating solutions and experiences that help them to live healthy, vibrant lives. This is why I often remind my team to keep our consumer purpose at the center of all we do.

— Josh Ghaim,
Chief Technology Officer, Consumer

















ZYRTEC
ZYRTEC® relieves the allergy symptoms of sneezing, runny nose, itchy, watery eyes and itchy nose or throat. These symptoms can be caused by allergy triggers such as dust, mold, pet dander, tree pollen, weeds and grasses. ZYRTEC® is available in a wide-variety of delivery methods, including dissolving tabs, tablets and liquid gels.
Visit the ZYRTEC® Website




Other Regional Brands:

IMODIUM®  
NICORETTE® 
RHINOCORT®
PEPCID®  
LACTAID®  
VISINE® 
SUDAFED®







Oral Care Products






LISTERINE
LISTERINE® Mouthwash is the world's number one daily mouthwash. More than 50 peer-reviewed scientific studies support the formula’s unique ability to fight plaque, protect gums, build strong teeth and boost confidence with long-lasting fresh breath. LISTERINE® Mouthwash has been used by more than one billion people in more than 85 countries. 
Visit the LISTERINE® Website












I have been at J&J for 22 years and I have never been more excited about the work we are doing to positively impact the lives of our consumers around the world.

— Adam Ricciardone,
VP, Consumer R&D and Product Deployment, Asia Pacific

























Our Commitment to Quality Ingredients
Our Safety & Care Commitment means you have our assurance that every baby and beauty care product from the Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies is safe and effective when used as directed.
Read More




Healthy Solutions for You & Your Family
Looking for coupons? Register for the HEALTHY ESSENTIALS® program to receive monthly product savings from the Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies as well as healthy living tips delivered directly to your inbox.
Sign Up Today


 

Consumer Products: 130 Years of Innovation 





Johnson & Johnson Founded 
Three brothers, Robert Wood Johnson, James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson, found Johnson & Johnson in New Brunswick, NJ, U.S.
 
 





To the Rescue!
We made the first ever commercial First Aid kits. Johnson & Johnson still distributes kits like these to help in areas around the world that experience natural disasters.
 
 





Keeping Teeth & Gums Healthy 
We make the first mass-produced dental floss to help people keep their teeth and gums clean. Originally, the dental floss was made of leftover silk from sutures!
 
 





Addressing Women’s Needs 
We start producing and marketing the first mass-produced disposable sanitary napkins for women. This was a big improvement over homemade methods and grew out of the company’s early maternal and child health kits. 
 
 





The First Ready-Made Bandages 
J&J employee Earle Dickson came up with the idea for BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages to help his wife (who would get minor cuts in the kitchen) with the first ready-made bandage you could apply yourself. 
 
 





A New Routine at Bathtime 
Knowing that bathtime is a special time (that shouldn’t be ruined by eye irritation), we introduce our JOHNSON’S® Baby Shampoo with our NO MORE TEARS® formula, a mild soap-free formula that cleans baby’s hair, but won’t irritate eyes!
 
 





Over-the-Counter Pain Relief 
Johnson & Johnson acquires McNeil Laboratories. The following year, TYLENOL® is approved for sale without prescription.
 
 





Meeting Out-of-This-World Needs!
In 1963, BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages went into space with Mercury Astronauts.
 
 





The MOTRIN® Brand Story Begins 
MOTRIN® first came out as the prescription drug MEDIPREN® in 1974. It was then approved as MOTRIN® IB in the mid-1980s as an over-the-counter pain reliever and fever reducer.
 
 





Safe Packaging
McNeil Consumer Healthcare launches the first safety-sealed, tamper-resistant packaging in response to a criminal tampering incident with Extra Strength TYLENOL®. 
 
 





Improving the Safety of Children 
To continue the company’s leadership in wound care innovation, Johnson & Johnson became a founding sponsor of Safe Kids Worldwide, a global organization dedicated to preventing injuries in children. 
 
 





Neutrogena Joins Johnson & Johnson
NEUTROGENA® joins the Johnson & Johnson family of companies, adding to our iconic consumer brands. NEUTROGENA® manufactures and markets products in over 70 countries.
 
 





Children’s MOTRIN®
Children’s MOTRIN® becomes the first non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug approved for pediatric use without a prescription in the U.S. 
 
 





A New Ingredient to Address Aging 
RoC® Skincare invents the stabilization of retinol in a cosmetics product as a means to address aging.RoC® Skincare invents the stabilization of retinol in a cosmetics product as a means to address aging.
 
 





Antibiotic BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages 
BAND-AID® Brand Antibiotic Adhesive Bandages were created as the first ever adhesive bandages to have specially formulated antibiotic ointment right on the pad.
 
 





AVEENO®
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc. acquires the AVEENO® brand from SC Johnson.
 
 





AVEENO® for Babies 
AVEENO® introduces a line of soothing and therapeutic skin care products for babies, formulated with colloidal oatmeal.
 
 





AVEENO® for the Face
AVEENO® launches its’ first facial care products, with the introduction of POSITIVELY RADIANT® and CLEAR COMPLEXION, both made with Soy Complex to even skin tone and texture. 
 
 





Rapid Release 
McNeil Consumer Healthcare launches TYLENOL® Extra Strength Rapid Release Gels, which are Gelcaps that are specifically designed with holes to allow the release of powerful medicine even faster than before.
 
 





Bringing Together Two of the Biggest Names in Consumer Health!
LISTERINE®, VISINE® and BENADRYL® join the Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies’ after being acquired from Pfizer’s Consumer Healthcare business.
 
 





A New Way to Combat the Sun
NEUTROGENA® develops a breakthrough sun protection technology HELIOPLEX®. This proven broad spectrum sunscreen technology is uniquely formulated to provide an ideal balance of UVA and UVB protection to match the damage of UV rays.
 
 





ZYRTEC®
ZYRTEC®, previously available by prescription only, becomes available over-the-counter in the U.S.
 
 





NEUTROGENA Hydro Boost
The global launch of Hydro Boost skin care, including Purified Hyaluronic Acid which acts as a sponge for dry skin cells by absorbing up to 1000x its weight in water.
 
 





LISTERINE ZERO®
LISTERINE® Brand first launches LISTERINE ZERO®, a zero-alcohol formula that cleans deep to kill bad breath germs for a healthier mouth.
 
 





Wrinkle Repair 
NEUTROGENA® launches the NEUTROGENA® RAPID WRINKLE REPAIR® line which is designed to meet the needs of women seeking quick results and aggressive anti-aging solutions.
 
 





Women’s ROGAINE®
Women’s ROGAINE® 5% Minoxidil Foam is the first and only approved once a day 5% minoxidil foam treatment for women.
 
 





NEUTROGENA® Wet Skin
Wet Skin Sunscreen with HELIOPLEX® is the first line of sunscreen specially formulated to be applied to wet skin. Wet Spray technology cuts through water, providing broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection.
 
 





A New Over-the-Counter Approach to Allergies 
ZYRTEC® launches RHINOCORT® Allergy Spray, making the original prescription strength RHINOCORT AQUA® Nasal Spray available to consumers without a prescription. 
 
 





NEUTROGENA® Light Therapy Acne Mask
NEUTROGENA® revolutionizes acne treatment again with the launch of the Light Therapy Acne Mask—a wearable LED device that uses therapeutic red and blue light to deliver clearer skin.
 
 

 






1886







1888







1898







1897







1920







1954







1959







1963







1974







1982







1988







1994







1995







1995







1997







1999







2000







2001







2005







2006







2006







2008







2009







2009







2011







2014







2014







2016







2016


 
 























JOHNSON ARNOLD - LAHAINA, HI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



HI



LAHAINA



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JOHNSON ARNOLD
                                    



 





















J 


JOHNSON ARNOLD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



106 KAANAPALI SHORES PL LAHAINA, HI 96761
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts ARNOLD JOHNSON






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Johnson Arnold was founded in 2006, and is located at 106 Kaanapali Shores Pl in Lahaina. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Johnson & Johnson - Wikipedia






















 






Johnson & Johnson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Johnson + Johnson)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with S. C. Johnson & Son.

Johnson & Johnson





J&J headquarters at One Johnson & Johnson Plaza in New Brunswick, New Jersey




Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: JNJ
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US4781601046


Industry



Medical equipment
Pharmaceutical





Founded
January 1886; 131 years ago (1886-01)
New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.


Founders



Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Edward Mead Johnson





Headquarters
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alex Gorsky (Chairman and CEO)


Products
See list of Johnson & Johnson products


Revenue
 US$71.89 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$19.80 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$16.54 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$133.41 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$71.15 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

127,100 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Vistakon[2]
Neutrogena
DePuy





Website
www.jnj.com


Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company founded in 1886. Its common stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the company is listed among the Fortune 500.
Johnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in 60 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson had worldwide sales of $70.1 billion during calendar year 2015.[3]
Johnson & Johnson's brands include numerous household names of medications and first aid supplies. Among its well-known consumer products are the Band-Aid Brand line of bandages, Tylenol medications, Johnson's baby products, Neutrogena skin and beauty products, Clean & Clear facial wash and Acuvue contact lenses.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Foundation and early history
1.2 1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
1.3 1959: Cilag
1.4 1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals
1.5 1998: DePuy
1.6 1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.
1.7 Ethicon, Inc

1.7.1 Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.


1.8 Actelion
1.9 2010 onwards
1.10 Structure


2 Corporate governance
3 JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification

3.1 Chairmen


4 Products

4.1 Pharmaceuticals
4.2 Medical devices
4.3 Consumer health


5 Environmental record
6 Recalls and litigation

6.1 1982 Chicago Tylenol murders
6.2 2010 children's product recall
6.3 2010 hip-replacement recall
6.4 2010 Tylenol recall
6.5 Shareholders lawsuit
6.6 Illegal marketing of Risperdal
6.7 Foreign bribery
6.8 Consumer Fraud Settlements
6.9 Use of the Red Cross symbol
6.10 Boston Scientific lawsuits
6.11 Patent-infringement case against Abbott
6.12 Baby powder


7 See also
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Johnson & Johnson operates over 250 companies in what is termed "the Johnson & Johnson family of companies".[4] The company operates in three broad divisions; Consumer Healthcare, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals.


Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies


Consumer Healthcare[5]
Medical Devices[6]
Pharmaceuticals[7]


Baby Care
Skin & Hair Care
Wound Care and Topicals
Oral Health Care
Women’s Health
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Over-The-Counter Medicines
Nutritionals
Advanced Sterilization Products
Animas Corporation
Biosense Webster
DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson
Ethicon, Inc.
Janssen Diagnostics BVBA
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.
LifeScan, Inc.
Mentor
Janssen
Janssen R&D LLC
Janssen Healthcare Innovation
Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc
Janssen Diagnostics
Janssen Therapeutics
Janssen Scientific Affairs
McNeil-PPC, Inc


Foundation and early history[edit]




Robert Wood Johnson


Inspired by a speech by antiseptic advocate Joseph Lister, Robert Wood Johnson joined his brothers James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson to create a line of ready-to-use surgical dressings in 1885. The company produced its first products in 1886 and incorporated in 1887.
Robert Wood Johnson served as the first president of the company. He worked to improve sanitation practices in the nineteenth century, and lent his name to a hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Upon his death in 1910, he was succeeded in the presidency by his brother James Wood Johnson until 1932, and then by his son, Robert Wood Johnson II.
Robert Wood Johnson's granddaughter, Mary Lea Johnson Richards, was the first baby to appear on a Johnson & Johnson baby powder label.[8][9][10] His great-grandson, Jamie Johnson, made a documentary called Born Rich about the experience of growing up as the heir to one of the world's greatest fortunes.

1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare[edit]
McNeil Consumer Healthcare was founded on March 16, 1879 by 23-year-old Robert McNeil. In 1904, one of McNeil's sons, Robert Lincoln McNeil, became part of the company and together they created McNeil Laboratories in 1933. The company focused on direct marketing of prescription drugs to hospitals, pharmacists, and doctors. Development of acetaminophen began under the leadership of Robert L. McNeil, Jr., who later served as the firm's chairman.[11] In 1959, Johnson & Johnson acquired McNeil Laboratories and a year later the company was able to sell Tylenol for the first time ever, without a prescription. In 1977, two subsidiary companies were created; McNeil medicals products and McNeil Consumer Products Company (also known as McNeil Consumer Healthcare). The focus of McNeil medicals products is to market prescription drugs. In 1993 McNeil medicals products merged with the Ortho Pharmaceutical to form Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical. In 2001 McNeil Consumer Healthcare changed its name to McNeil Consumer & Specialty medicals products. However, it was later changed to "McNeil Consumer Healthcare". The company markets over-the-counter and prescription medicals products including complete lines of Tylenol and Motrin IB (ibuprofen) products for adults and children.
1959: Cilag[edit]
In 1933, Swiss chemist Bernhard Joos set up a small research laboratory in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936. In 1959, Cilag joined the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. In the early nineties the marketing organizations of Cilag and Janssen Pharmaceutica were joined to form Janssen-Cilag. The non-marketing activities of both companies still operate under their original name. Cilag continues to have operations under the Cilag name in Switzerland, ranging from research and development through manufacturing and international services. In August 2014 Cilag acquired Covagen a biopharmaceutical company which specialises in the development of multi-specific protein based therapeutics. As part of the acquisition Cilag wll gain access to Covagen’s lead drug candidate, COVA 322, a bi-specific anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha/anti-interleukin (IL)-17A FynomAb, is in a Phase Ib study for psoriasis.[12]
1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals[edit]
Janssen Pharmaceuticals can be traced back to 1933. In 1933 Constant Janssen, the father of Paul Janssen, acquired the right to distribute the pharmaceutical products of Richter, a Hungarian pharmaceutical company, for Belgium, the Netherlands and Belgian Congo. On 23 October 1934, he founded the N.V. Produkten Richter in Turnhout. After the Second World War, the name for the company products was changed to Eupharma, although the company name Richter would remain until 1956.[13]
Paul Janssen founded his own research laboratory in 1953 on the third floor of the building in the Statiestraat, still within the Richter-Eurpharma company of his father. On 5 April 1956, the name of the company was changed to NV Laboratoria Pharmaceutica C. Janssen (named after Constant Janssen). On 2 May 1958, the research department in Beerse became a separate legal entity, the N.V. Research Laboratorium C. Janssen. On 24 October 1961, the company was acquired by the American corporation Johnson & Johnson. On 10 February 1964, the name was changed to Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V. Between 1990 and 2004, Janssen Pharmaceuticals expanded worldwide, with the company grew in size to approximately 28000 employees worldwide. In 1999, clinical research and non-clinical development become a global organization within Johnson & Johnson. In 2001, part of the research activities was transferred to the United States with the reorganization of research activities in the Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development organization. The research activities of the Janssen Research Foundation and the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute were merged into the new global research organization. On 27 October 2004, the Paul Janssen Research Center, for discovery research, was inaugurated.
In August 2013, the company acquired Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. In November 2014, the company acquired Alios BioPharma, Inc. for $1.75 billion. As a result of the purchase, Alios was incorporated into the infectious diseases therapeutic area of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.[14] In March 2015, Janssen licensed Tipofarnib (a farnesyl transferase inhibitor) to Kura Oncology who will assume sole responsibility for developing and commercialising the anti-cancer drug.[15] Later in the same month the company announced that Galapagos Pharma and regained the rights to the anti-inflammatory drug candidate GLPG1690 as well as two other compounds including GLPG1205 (a first-in-class inhibitor of GPR84).[16] Finally, in March, the company acquired XO1 Limited [17] In November 2015, the company acquired Novira Therapeutics, Inc., gaining the lead candidate, NVR 3-778.[18]
1998: DePuy[edit]
DePuy was acquired by J&J in 1998, rolling it into the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices group. On June 14, 2012, Johnson and Johnson completed the acquisition of Synthes for $19.7 billion,[19] which was then integrated with the DePuy franchise to establish the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson which includes; Codman & Shurteff, Inc., DePuy Mitek, Inc., DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and DePuy Spine, Inc. In February 2015, DePuy announced it would acquire Olive Medical Corporation.[20] In May 2016, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. acquired Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., an industry leader in small bone fixation.[21]Later in December of the same year, DePuy Synthes announced it would acquire Pulsar Vascular Inc., adding Pulsar to its Codman division.[22]
In April 2017 Irish subsidiary; DePuy Ireland Unlimited Company announced it would acquire Neuravi, a company with a portfolio of products for hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes for an undisclosed sum, with Codman Neuro being behind the deal.[23][24] In June, DePuy Synthes Products, Inc. announced it would acquire Innovative Surgical Solutions, LLC (trading as Sentio, LLC) for an undisclosed sum, bolstering the company's technology for innovative nerve localisation in spinal surgery. [25]
1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.[edit]
Janssen Biotech, Inc., formerly known as Centocor Biotech, Inc., is a biotechnology company that was founded in Philadelphia in 1979. In 1982 Centocor transitioned into a publicly traded company. In 1999, Centocor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Since the acquisition, Janssen Biotech increased its annual sales from $500 million to more than $2 billion. During the same period, research and development investment increased from $75 million to more than $300 million. In 2008, Centocor, Inc. and Ortho Biotech Inc. merged to form Centocor Ortho Biotech Inc. In June 2010 Centocor Ortho Biotech acquired RespiVert, a privately held drug discovery company focused on developing small-molecule, inhaled therapies for the treatment of pulmonary diseases.[26] In June 2011 Centocor Ortho Biotech changed its name to Janssen Biotech, Inc. as part of a global effort to unite the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies around the world under a common identity. In December 2014, the company announced it would co-develop MacroGenics cancer drug candidate (MGD011) which targets both CD19 and CD3 proteins in treating B-cell malignant tumours. This could net MacroGenics up to $700 million.[27] In January 2015, the company announced it will utilise Isis Pharmaceuticals' RNA-targeting technology to discover and develop antisense drugs targeting autoimmune disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, with the partnership potentially generating up to $835 million for Isis.[28]
Ethicon, Inc[edit]
In 1915, George F. Merson opened a facility in Edinburgh for the manufacturing, packaging and sterilizing of catgut, silk and nylon sutures. Johnson & Johnson acquired Mr. Merson’s company in 1947, and this was renamed Ethicon Suture Laboratories.[29] In 1953 this became Ethicon Inc.[30] In 1992, Ethicon was restructured, and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. became a separate corporate entity. During the 1990s, Ethicon diversified into new and advanced products and technologies and formed four different companies under the Ethicon umbrella, each of which specialize in different products. In 2008 J&J announced it would acquire Mentor Corporation for $1 billion and merge its operations into Ethicon.[31] In March 2016, J&Js Ethicon business unit announced it would acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.[32] In January 2017, J&J subsidiary Ethicon announced it would acquire Megadyne Medical Products, Inc., a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets electrosurgical tools.[33] In February 2017, Ethicon acquired medical device manufacturer, Torax Medical for an undisclosed sum.[34]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.[edit]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery was part of Ethicon Inc. until 1992, when it became a separate corporate entity under the J&J umbrella.
Actelion[edit]
In January 2017, J&J fought off competition from Sanofi to acquire Swiss drugmaker Actelion. Later in the month J&J announced a $30 billion deal to purchase the Swiss company Actelion and to spin off its research and development unit, into a separate legal entity.[35][36] In March, the company declared its tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday, reporting that Janssen Holding GmbH controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period,[37] equating to 83,195,346 Actelion shares. In keeping with earlier agreements, the company annoucned its intention to delist Actelion, whilst spinning out its drug discovery operations and early-stage clinical development assets into a newly created Swiss-based biopharmaceutical company, Idorsia Ltd.[38] J&J will control 16% of Idorsia, with the ability to raise their stake to 32% through convertible notes.[39]
2010 onwards[edit]
In October 2010, J&J acquired Crucell for $2.4 billion.[40]
In November 2015, Biosense Webster, Inc. acquired Coherex Medical, Inc. expanding the companies range of treatment options for patients with atrial fibrillation.[41]
In July 2016, J&J announced its intention to acquire the privately held company, Vogue International LLC, boosting Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.[42] In September of the same year, J&J announced it would acquire Abbott Medical Optics from Abbott Laboratories for $4.325 billion, adding the new division into Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.[43]




J&J headquarters in Madrid, Spain.






Johnson & Johnson office in Ontario


Structure[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's structure, maintained though a number of mergers & acquisitions (this is not a comprehensive list):


Johnson & Johnson



Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.<br />Consumer Healthcare Division





Baby Care








Skin & Hair Care








Wound Care and Topicals








Oral Health Care








Women’s Health








Over-The-Counter Medicines








Nutritionals








Vogue International LLC












Medical Devices Division





Advanced Sterilization Products








Animas Corporation






Biosense Webster





Coherex Medical, Inc.












DePuy Synthes



Codman & Shurteff, Inc.





Pulsar Vascular Inc.








Neuravi














DePuy Mitek, Inc.






DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc.





Biomedical Enterprises, Inc.














DePuy Spine, Inc






DePuy Synthes Products, Inc





Sentio, LLC














Olive Medical Corporation












Ethicon, Inc.





Mentor








Acclarent








NeuWave Medical, Inc








Megadyne Medical Products, Inc.








Torax Medical














Janssen Diagnostics BVBA






Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.





Vistakon








Abbott Medical Optics














LifeScan, Inc.








Ethicon Endo-Surgery












Pharmaceuticals Division



Janssen Pharmaceutica



Cilag





Covagen














Janssen-Cilag








Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Alios BioPharma, Inc.








Novira Therapeutics, Inc.








Actelion












 

Janssen R&D LLC






 

Janssen Healthcare Innovation






Janssen Biotech, Inc.





Ortho Biotech Inc.








RespiVert












 

Janssen Therapeutics






 

Janssen Diagnostics






 

Janssen Scientific Affairs








Crucell






 

Janssen-Ortho








McNeil Nutritional LLC








Mead Johnson
(Sold to Reckitt Benckiser)


















Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of Johnson & Johnson are: Mary Sue Coleman, James G. Cullen, Dominic Caruso, Michael M.E. Johns, Ann Dibble Jordan, Arnold G. Langbo, Susan L. Lindquist, Leo F. Mullin, William Perez, Steven S. Reinemund, David Satcher, and William C. Weldon.[44]
Sandi Peterson has served as Group Worldwide Chairman since 2012.[45]
On top of Alex Gorsky and Sandi Peterson, current members of Executive Committees of Johnson & Johnson are: Dominic Caruso, Peter Fasolo, Paul Stoffels, and Michael Sneed.[46]
JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification[edit]
The company has historically been located on the Delaware and Raritan Canal in New Brunswick. The company considered moving its headquarters out of New Brunswick in the 1960s, but decided to stay in the town after city officials promised to gentrify downtown New Brunswick by demolishing old buildings and constructing new ones.
While New Brunswick lost at least one historic edifice (the inn where Rutgers University began) to the redevelopment, the gentrification did attract people back to New Brunswick. Johnson & Johnson hired Henry N. Cobb from Pei Cobb Freed & Partners to design an addition to its headquarters. The white tower in a park across the railroad tracks from the older portion of the headquarters in one of tallest buildings in New Brunswick.
The stretch of Delaware and Raritan canal by the company's headquarters was replaced by a stretch of Route 18 in the late 1970s,[47] after a lengthy dispute.[48] In 2002, the company released its plan of setting up Asia-Pacific information technology headquarters in New South Wales within five years.[49]
Chairmen[edit]

Robert Wood Johnson I (1887–1910)
James Wood Johnson (1910–1932)
Robert Wood Johnson II (1932–1963)
Philip B. Hofmann (1963–1973)
Richard B. Sellars (1973–1976)
James E. Burke (1976–1989)
Ralph S. Larsen (1989–2002)
William C. Weldon (2002–2012)
Alex Gorsky (2012–present)

Products[edit]
The company's business is divided into three major segments, Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, and Consumer Products. In 2015, these segments contributed 44.9%, 35.9%, and 19.3%, respectively, of the company's total revenues.[50]
Pharmaceuticals[edit]
The company's major franchises in the Pharmaceutical segment include Immunology, Neuroscience, Infectious Disease, and Oncology.
Immunology products include the anti-tumor necrosis factor antibodies Remicade (infliximab), and Simponi (golimumab) used for the treatment[51] of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease (Remicade only), ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis, and other disorders. In 2013, these two products accounted for 29% of Johnson and Johnson's pharmaceutical revenues, and 11.3% of the company's total revenues. A third immunology product, Stelara (ustekinumab), targets interleukin-12 and interleukin-23 and is used for the treatment of psoriasis.[52]
Key infectious diseases products include Incivio (telaprevir), a hepatitis C protease inhibitor; Intelence (Etravirine), a non-nucleoside HIV polymerase inhibitor; and Prezista (darunavir), an HIV protease inhibitor. Telaprevir sales are expected to decline due to the recent approval of treatment regimens that are more efficacious and much better tolerated. Etravirine and darunavir are notable for their high barriers to resistance development.[53][54] Darunavir in combination with HIV polymerase inhibitors is recommended as a first line treatment option for treatment naive persons with HIV infection[55] but etravirine is approved only for use in treatment-experienced patients, owing in part to its requirement for twice-daily dosing.
The company's CNS products include the ADHD drug Concerta (methylphenidate extended release), and the long-acting injectable antipsychotics Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) and Risperdal Consta (risperidone). Invega Sustenna and Risperdal Consta were the first widely utilized long-acting depot injections for the treatment of schizophrenia. Designed to address the issue of poor patient compliance with oral therapy, they are administered by intramuscular injection at intervals of 2 weeks and one month, respectively. Only minimal improvements in outcomes relative to the oral versions of these drugs were observed in the clinical trial setting, but some evidence suggests that the advantages of long-acting injections in clinical practice may be greater than is readily demonstrated in the environment of a clinical trial.[56][57][58]
Oncology products include Velcade (bortezomib), for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma[59] and Zytiga (abiraterone), an androgen antagonist for the treatment of prostate cancer. In clinical trials, abiraterone treatment was associated with a 4.6 to 5.2 survival advantage when used either before or after chemotherapy with platinum based drugs.[60] On December 31, 2012, the Food and Drug Administration approved Sirturo (bedaquiline), a Johnson & Johnson tuberculosis drug that is the first new medicine to fight the infection in more than forty years.[61]
Medical devices[edit]

Sectors in which the company is active[62] include:

Aesthetics (Ethicon, Mentor)
Arrhythmias (Biosense Webster)
Bariatric Surgery for Obesity (Ethicon)
Cardiovascular Disease (Biosense Webster, Inc.)
Diabetes Care (LifeScan, Animas Corporation)
Ear, Nose, and Throat Conditions (Acclarent)
General Surgery (Ethicon, Codman Neuro)
Hernia Surgery (Ethicon)
Insulin Delivery Devices (Animas)
Neurovascular Disease (Codman Neuro, DePuy Synthes)
Orthopaedics (DePuy Synthes): Joint Reconstruction, Trauma, Spine, Sports Medicine and Power Tools
Self-Measured Blood Glucose Monitors (LifeScan)
Surgical Instruments and Infection Prevention(Advanced Sterilization Products)
Urologic Surgery (Ethicon)
Vision Care (VISTAKON®)


Consumer health[edit]
Sectors in which the company is active[63] include:


Baby Care
Nutritionals
Oral Health Care
Over-the-Counter Medicines
Skin & Hair Care
Vision Care
Wound Care & Topicals


Environmental record[edit]
Johnson & Johnson has set several positive goals to keep the company environmentally friendly and was ranked third among the United States's largest companies in Newsweek's "Green Rankings".[64] Some examples are the reduction in water use, waste, and energy use and an increased level of transparency.[65] Johnson & Johnson agreed to change its packaging of plastic bottles used in the manufacturing process, switching their packaging of liquids to non-polycarbonate containers.[66] The corporation is working with the Climate Northwest Initiative and the EPA National Environmental Performance Track program.[67] As a member of the national Green Power Partnership, Johnson & Johnson operates the largest solar power generator in Pennsylvania at its site in Spring House, PA.[68]
Recalls and litigation[edit]
1982 Chicago Tylenol murders[edit]
Main article: Chicago Tylenol murders
On September 29, 1982, a "Tylenol scare" began when the first of seven individuals died in Chicago metropolitan area, after ingesting Extra Strength Tylenol that had been deliberately laced with cyanide.[69] Within a week, the company pulled 31 million bottles of capsules back from retailers, making it one of the first major recalls in American history.[69] The incident led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter substances and to federal anti-tampering laws. The case remains unsolved and no suspects have been charged. Johnson & Johnson's quick response, including a nationwide recall, was widely praised by public relations experts and the media and was the gold standard for corporate crisis management.[70][71][72]
2010 children's product recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 Johnson & Johnson children's product recall
On April 30, 2010, McNeil Consumer Healthcare, a subsidiary of Johnson and Johnson, voluntarily recalled 43 over-the-counter children's medicines, including Tylenol, Tylenol Plus, Motrin, Zyrtec and Benadryl. The recall was conducted after a routine inspection at a manufacturing facility in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, United States revealed that some "products may not fully meet the required manufacturing specifications".[73][74] Affected products may contain a "higher concentration of active ingredients" or exhibit other manufacturing defects.[74] Products shipped to Canada, Dominican Republic, Guam, Guatemala, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Panama, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Fiji were included in the recall.[73] In a statement, Johnson & Johnson said "a comprehensive quality assessment across its manufacturing operations" was underway.[73][74] A dedicated website was established by the company listing affected products and other consumer information.[74]
2010 hip-replacement recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 DePuy Hip Recall
On August 2009, 2010, DePuy, a subsidiary of American giant Johnson & Johnson, recalled its ASR (articular surface replacement) hip prostheses from the market. DePuy said the recall was due to unpublished National Joint Registry data showing a 12% revision rate for resurfacing at five years and an ASR XL revision rate of 13%. All hip prostheses fail in some patients, but it is expected that the rate will be about 1% a year.[75] Pathologically, the failing prosthesis had several effects. Metal debris from wear of the implant led to a reaction that destroyed the soft tissues surrounding the joint, leaving some patients with long term disability. Ions of cobalt and chromium—the metals from which the implant was made—were also released into the blood and cerebral spinal fluid in some patients.[76]
In March 2013, a jury in Los Angeles ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay more than $8.3 million in damages to a Montana man in the first of more than 10,000 lawsuits pending against the company in connection with the now-recalled DePuy hip.[77]
Some lawyers and industry analysts have estimated that the suits ultimately will cost Johnson & Johnson billions of dollars to resolve.[77]
2010 Tylenol recall[edit]
In 2010 and 2011, Johnson & Johnson voluntarily recalled some over-the-counter products including Tylenol due to an odor caused by tribromoanisole.[78][79] In this case, 2,4,6-tribromophenol was used to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored.[78]
Shareholders lawsuit[edit]
In 2010 a group of shareholders sued the board for allegedly failing to take action to prevent serious failings and illegalities since the 1990s, including manufacturing problems, bribing officials, covering up adverse effects and misleading marketing for unapproved uses. The judge initially dismissed the case in September 2011, but allowed the plaintiffs opportunity to refile at a later time.[80] In 2012 Johnson and Johnson proposed a settlement with the shareholders, whereby the company would institute new oversight, quality and compliance procedures binding for five years.[81]
Illegal marketing of Risperdal[edit]
Juries in several US states have found J&J guilty of concealing the adverse effects of Janssen Pharmaceuticals' antipsychotic medication Risperdal, produced by its unit, in order to promote it to doctors and patients as better than cheaper generics, and of falsely marketing it for treating patients with dementia.[82] States that have awarded damages include Texas ($158 million), South Carolina ($327 million), Louisiana ($258 million), and most notably Arkansas ($1.2 billion).[83]
In 2010, the United States Department of Justice joined a whistleblowers suit accusing the company of illegally marketing Risperdal through Omnicare, the largest company supplying pharmaceuticals to nursing homes.[84][85] The allegations include that J&J were warned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) not to promote Risperdal as effective and safe for elderly patients, but they did so, and that they paid Omnicare to promote the drug to care home physicians.[86] The settlement was finalized on November 4, 2013, with J&J agreeing to pay a penalty of around $2.2 billion, "including criminal fines and forfeiture totaling $485 million and civil settlements with the federal government and states totaling $1.72 billion."[87]
Johnson & Johnson has also been subject to congressional investigations related to payments given to psychiatrists to promote its products and ghost write articles, notably Joseph Biederman and his pediatric bipolar disorder research unit.[88]
Foreign bribery[edit]
In 2011, J&J settled litigation brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; J&J paid around $70M in disgorgement and fines.[89] J&J's employees had given kickbacks and bribes to doctors in Greece, Poland, Romania to obtain business selling drugs and medical devices, and had bribed officials in Iraq to win contracts under the Oil for Food program.[90] J&J fully cooperated with the investigation once the problems came to light.[91]
Consumer Fraud Settlements[edit]
In May 2017, J&J reached an agreement to pay $33 million to several states to settle consumer fraud allegations in some of the company’s over-the-counter drugs.[92][93][94]
Use of the Red Cross symbol[edit]




Flag of the Red Cross


Further information: Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement § Use of the emblems
Johnson & Johnson registered the Red Cross as a U.S. trademark for "medicinal and surgical plasters" in 1905 and has used the design since 1887.[95] The Geneva Conventions, which reserved the Red Cross emblem for specific uses, were first approved in 1864 and ratified by the United States in 1882; however, the emblem was not protected by U.S. law for the use of the American Red Cross and the U.S. military until after Johnson & Johnson had obtained its trademark. A clause in this law (now 18 U.S.C. 706) permits this pre-existing uses of the Red Cross to continue.
A declaration made by the U.S. upon its ratification of the 1949 Geneva Conventions includes a reservation that pre-1905 U.S. domestic uses of the Red Cross, such as Johnson & Johnson's, would remain lawful as long as the cross is not used on "aircraft, vessels, vehicles, buildings or other structures, or upon the ground," i.e. uses which could be confused with its military uses.[96] This means that the U.S. did not agree to any interpretation of the 1949 Geneva Conventions that would overrule Johnson & Johnson's trademark. The American Red Cross continues to recognize the validity of Johnson & Johnson's trademark.[97]
In August 2007, Johnson & Johnson filed a lawsuit against the American Red Cross (ARC), demanding that the charity halt the use of the red cross symbol on products it sells to the public, though the company takes no issue with the charity's use of the mark for non-profit purposes.[98] In May 2008, the judge in the case dismissed most of Johnson & Johnson's claims, and a month later the two organizations announced a settlement had been reached in which both parties would continue to use the symbol.[99]
Boston Scientific lawsuits[edit]
Since 2003, Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific have both claimed that the other had infringed on their patents covering heart stent medical devices. The litigation was settled when Boston Scientific agreed to pay $716 million to Johnson & Johnson in September 2009 and an additional $1.73 billion in February 2010.[100] Their dispute was renewed in 2014, now on the grounds of a contract dispute.[101]
Patent-infringement case against Abbott[edit]
In 2007, Johnson & Johnson sued Abbott Laboratories over the development and sale of the arthritis drug Humira. Johnson & Johnson claimed that Abbott used technology patented by New York University and licensed exclusively to Johnson & Johnson's Centocor division to develop Humira. Johnson & Johnson won the court case, and in 2009 Abbott was ordered to pay Johnson & Johnson $1.17 billion in lost revenues and $504 million in royalties.[102] The judge also added $175.6 million in interest to bring the total to $1.84 billion.[103] This was the largest patent-infringement award in U.S. history[102] until the 2013 decision against Teva in favor of Takeda and Pfizer for over 2.1 billion dollars.[104] Abbott has since successfully reversed the verdict at appeal.[105]
Baby powder[edit]
In February 2016, J&J was ordered to pay $72 million in damages to the family of Jacqueline Fox, a 62-year-old woman who died of ovarian cancer in 2015.[106] She had been sprinkling Johnson's Baby Powder on her underwear nearly every day since she was a teenager. J&J claimed that the safety of cosmetic talc is supported by decades of scientific evidence and it plans to appeal the verdict. The British charity, Ovacome was quoted as saying that while there were 16 studies which showed that using talc increased the risk of ovarian cancer by around a third, and a 2013 review of US studies had similar results for genital, but not general, talcum powder use they were not convinced that the results were reliable. Furthermore, Ovacome said, "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk."[106]
By March 2017, over 1,000 U.S. women had sued J&J for covering up the possible cancer risk from its Baby Powder product; the company says that 70 percent of its Baby Powder is used by adults.[107]
See also[edit]


New Jersey portal
Companies portal
Medicine portal



Frederick Barnett Kilmer – Director of Scientific Laboratories from 1889 to 1934.
Zodiac – Historic schooner built for the Johnson family heirs.


References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Johnson & Johnson 2016 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 5, 2016. 
^ anonymous. "VisionCare Corporate - Our History". jnjvc.com. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/1709744668x0x881109/474857DD-8E67-43B1-BB38-0A9712D93545/2015_annual_report_.pdf "Johnson & Johnson 2015 Annual Report � Johnson & Johnson"] (PDF). www.jnj.com. February 24, 2016. Retrieved September 28, 2016.  replacement character in |title= at position 38 (help)
^ "J&J Company Structure - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Consumer Health Care". 
^ "Medical Devices". 
^ "Pharmaceutical Companies - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Horner, Shirley (February 15, 1987). "About Books". The New York Times. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ Conniff, Richard. The Natural History of the Rich: A Field Guide. W. W. Norton. p. 126. 
^ "Crazier then You and Me". New York Magazine. February 23, 1987: 129. 
^ Singer, Natasha (June 3, 2010). "Robert L. McNeil Jr., Chemist Who Introduced Tylenol, Dies at 94". The New York Times. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "Janssen Affiliate Cilag Acquires Covagen". GEN. 
^ Lopez-Munoz, Francisco; Alamo, Cecilio (2009). "The Consolidation of Neuroleptic Therapy: Janssen, the Discovery of Haloperidol and Its Introduction into Clinical Practice". Brain Research Bulletin. 79: 130–141. PMID 19186209. doi:10.1016/j.brainresbull.2009.01.005. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion Of Alios Biopharma Acquisition". Janssen. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Kura Oncology Licenses Janssen's Tipofarnib in Cancer". GEN. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Galapagos Regains Rights to GLPG1690 from Janssen". GEN. 
^ "Janssen Acquires XO1 Limited". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement To Acquire Novira Therapeutics, Inc.". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Synthes Acquisition". 
^ "Depuy Synthes Companies Acquires Olive Medical Corporation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Companies Announces Acquisition Of Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., A Leader In Small Bone Fixation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Codman Neuro Announces Acquisition Of Pulsar Vascular Inc., Expanding Neurovascular Treatment For Patients With Complex Aneurysms - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Ltd, Insider Media. "Johnson & Johnson moves for Irish medical firm". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson buys Irish stroke care firm in multimillion euro deal". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Announces Acquisition of Sentio, LLC to Enable Innovation in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery - Johnson & Johnson". www.jnj.com.  line feed character in |title= at position 72 (help)
^ http://www.infogrok.com/index.php/pharmaceutical/centocor-ortho-biotech-acquires-respivert.html
^ "Janssen Joins MacroGenics in Up-to-$700M Cancer Collaboration". GEN. 
^ "Janssen, Isis Pharma Ink Up-to-$835M Antisense Agreement". GEN. 
^ "ETHICON History". www.ethiconproducts.co.uk. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "A history of advancing surgery". www.ethicon.com. Ethicon U.S., LLC. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Mentor Corporation". 
^ "Ethicon Announces Agreement To Acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.". FierceMedicalDevices. 
^ "Ethicon Announces Acquisition of Megadyne Medical Products, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson subsidiary buys Torax Medical". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson to buy Actelion for $30 billion, spin off R&D unit". Reuters. 26 January 2017. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Roland, Denise; D. Rockoff, Jonathan (January 26, 2017), Johnson & Johnson to Acquire Actelion in $30 Billion Deal, Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 27, 2017 
^ "BRIEF-Johnson & Johnson says Janssen Holding to acquire all publicly held shares of Actelion for $280 per share". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "J&J declares Actelion tender offer a success, sees closing in second quarter". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Declares $30B Actelion Tender Successful; Controls 77.% of Voting Rights". 
^ Eva von Schaper; Ellen Gibson (6 October 2010). "J&J, Crucell Reach Agreement on $2.4 Billion Takeover". Bloomberg.com. 
^ "Biosense Webster, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Coherex Medical, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Acquisition of Vogue International LLC - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement to Acquire Abbott Medical Optics - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Board of Directors". jnj.com. 
^ "Sandra E. Peterson to Join Johnson & Johnson as Group Worldwide Chairman and Member of the Executive Committee". Pharma Business Week. 24 September 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Our Leadership Team - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ 2 Long-Disputed Projects to Begin, The New York Times, July 9, 1977
^ Old Raritan Canal Lock Is Focus of a Classic Dispute, The New York Times, April 16, 1977.
^ "JOHNSON & JOHNSON ASIA-PACIFIC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HEADQUARTERS". March 14, 2002. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ "Downloads" (PDF). files.shareholder.com. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ Ruela Corrêa JC, D'Arcy DM, dos Reis Serra CH, Nunes Salgado HR (2012). "Darunavir: a critical review of its properties, use and drug interactions". Pharmacology. 90 (1-2): 102–9. PMID 22797653. doi:10.1159/000339862. 
^ "Wikipedia template filling". Tools.wmflabs.org. Retrieved 2014-05-29. 
^ "aidsinfo.nih.gov" (PDF). 
^ Kaplan G, Casoy J, Zummo J (2013). "Impact of long-acting injectable antipsychotics on medication adherence and clinical, functional, and economic outcomes of schizophrenia". Patient Prefer Adherence. 7: 1171–80. PMC 3833623 . PMID 24265549. doi:10.2147/PPA.S53795. 
^ Kane JM, Kishimoto T, Correll CU (August 2013). "Assessing the comparative effectiveness of long-acting injectable vs. oral antipsychotic medications in the prevention of relapse provides a case study in comparative effectiveness research in psychiatry". J Clin Epidemiol. 66 (8 Suppl): S37–41. PMID 23849151. doi:10.1016/j.jclinepi.2013.01.012. 
^ Fusar-Poli P, Kempton MJ, Rosenheck RA (March 2013). "Efficacy and safety of second-generation long-acting injections in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials". Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 28 (2): 57–66. PMID 23165366. doi:10.1097/YIC.0b013e32835b091f. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "FDA Approves 1st New Tuberculosis Drug in 40 Years". ABC News. Retrieved December 31, 2012. 
^ "Healthcare products - Medical technologies". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Healthcare products - consumer". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Green Rankings". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Official Site". Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Environment New Service, December 8, 2004. Retrieved May 4, 2008
^ "Coop America". March 27, 2008. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ "Department of Environmental Protection". Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Judith Rehak (March 23, 2002). "Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all". The New York Times. 
^ Toyota, what's so hard about doing the right thing?, Los Angeles Times, February 11, 2010
^ Jennifer Latson for Time Magazine Sept. 29, 2014 How Poisoned Tylenol Became a Crisis-Management Teaching Model
^ Judith Rehak for The New York Times. March 23, 2002 Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all
^ a b c "US firm recalls children's drugs". Aljazeera. May 1, 2010. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ a b c d Watts, Alex (May 2, 2010). "Warning As Baby Medicines Are Recalled". Sky News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Deborah Cohen (May 14, 2011). "Out of joint: The story of the ASR". 
^ "FDA. Concerns about metal-on-metal hip implant systems. 2011". 2011. 
^ a b Meier, Barry (March 8, 2013). "J.&J. Loses First Case Over Faulty Hip Implant". New York Times. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ a b Tylenol Recall Expands, WebMD Health News, January 18, 2010
^ "McNeil Consumer Healthcare Announces Voluntary Recall Of One Product Lot Of TYLENOL® Extra Strength Caplets 225 Count Distributed In The U.S.". 
^ "10-cv-2033, D. NJ., Sept. 29, 2011" (PDF). 
^ J&J, shareholders reach tentative deal in lawsuit By LINDA A. JOHNSON AP Business Writer / July 12, 2012
^ Gregory Wallace (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to pay $2 billion for false marketing". CNN Money. Retrieved November 6, 2013. 
^ J.&J. Fined $1.2 Billion in Drug Case NY Times, By KATIE THOMAS Published: April 11, 2012
^ Hilzenrath, David S. (January 16, 2010). "Justice suit accuses Johnson & Johnson of paying kickbacks". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ Singer, Natasha (January 15, 2010). "Johnson & Johnson Accused of Drug Kickbacks". The New York Times. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ J&J Said to Agree to $2.2 Billion Drug Marketing Accord Bloomberg News. By Margaret Cronin Fisk, Jef Feeley & David Voreacos – June 11, 2012
^ Office of Public Affairs, Department of Justice (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to Pay More Than $2.2 Billion to Resolve Criminal and Civil Investigations". United States Department of Justice. Retrieved 16 June 2015. 
^ Research Center Tied to Drug Company By Gardiner Harris, The New York Times, 2008
^ "Johnson & Johnson". www.sec.gov. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "J&J settles U.S., UK bribery, kickback charges". Reuters. April 8, 2011. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "SEC Charges Johnson & Johnson With Foreign Bribery". SEC. April 7, 2011. 
^ "J&J Reaches $33 Million Settlement with States". DrugWatch. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ Reuters (2017-05-24). "Johnson & Johnson settles drug manufacturing probe by US states for $33 million". The Economic Times. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "UPDATE 1-J&J settles drug manufacturing probe by U.S. states for $33 mln". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "Trademark Status & Document Retrieval". uspto.gov. 
^ U.S. reservations to the 1949 Geneva Conventions (International Committee of the Red Cross website)
^ American Red Cross Defends Use of Emblem and Mission (American Red Cross press release, August 10, 2007)
^ "Red Cross Is Sued by J&J Over Signature Emblem" The Wall Street Journal August 9, 2007
^ Stephanie Saul (June 18, 2008). "Claim Over Red Cross Symbol Is Settled". The New York Times. 
^ Boston Scientific to Pay J&J $1.73B to Settle Stent Patent Disputes, The Wall Street Journal, February 2, 2010
^ J&J seeks over $5 billion in damages from Boston Scientific at trial. Reuters, 19 November 2014
^ a b Abbott Told to Pay Record $1.67 billion Award to J&J, Bloomberg News, June 29, 2009
^ Abbott Challenges $1.67 billion Patent Loss to J&J Over Humira, Bloomberg News, November 2, 2010
^ Pfizer, Takeda to Get $2.15 Billion Settlement, WSJ, 6 12 2013
^ "Bloomberg Business". Bloomberg.com. 
^ a b "Johnson & Johnson hit with $72m damages in talc-cancer case". BBC News. 24 February 2016. Retrieved 24 February 2016. 
^ Johnson & Johnson Has a Baby Powder Problem Bloomberg, Retrieved April 20, 2017.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Johnson & Johnson.



Official website





Business data for Johnson & Johnson: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Johnson & Johnson



CEOs and presidents

Current: Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO

Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Robert Wood Johnson II
Robert Wood Johnson III
Philip B. Hofmann
Richard B. Sellars
James E. Burke
Ralph S. Larsen





Selected subsidiaries



ALZA Corporation
Cilag
Crucell
DePuy, Inc.
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.
Ethicon, Inc.
Independence Technology, LLC
J&J PRD
Janssen Biotech
Janssen Pharmaceutica
LifeScan
McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals
McNeil Nutritionals
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical
Ortho-Neutrogena
Penaten
Tibotec





Major brands



Acuvue
Aveeno
Band-Aid
Benadryl
Benecol (US license)
Caladryl
Clean & Clear
Desitin
Imodium
Johnson's Baby
Lactaid
Listerine
Motrin
Mylanta
Mylicon
Neosporin
Neutrogena
OneTouch
Pepcid
Plax
Rembrandt
Splenda
Sudafed
Tylenol
Visine








Annual revenue: US$74.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Annual net income: US$16.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Employees: 118,700












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


New Brunswick, New Jersey



History and Architecture



Buccleuch Mansion
Delaware and Raritan Canal
Henry Guest House
National Register of Historic Places
Queens Campus
Tallest buildings
Voorhees Mall
Willow Grove Cemetery





Arts and Entertainment



Crossroads Theatre
George Street Playhouse
Grease trucks
Hungarian Festival
Mason Gross School of the Arts
Music scene
New Jersey Film Festival
New Jersey Folk Festival
State Theatre
The Stress Factory
Zimmerli Museum of Fine Art
World Straight Pool Championship





Government and Education



Civic Square
Middlesex County College
New Brunswick Free Public Library
New Brunswick Main Post Office
New Brunswick Public Schools
Rutgers University
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
Robert Wood Johnson Medical School





Economy and Healthcare



Bristol-Myers Squibb
Cancer Institute of New Jersey
Hoagland Longo
Johnson & Johnson
Magyar Bank
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital
Saint Peter's University Hospital





Parks and Recreation



Boyd Park
Buccleuch Park
Delaware and Raritan Canal
East Jersey Olde Towne Village
Feaster Park
Johnson Park
Lawrence Brook
Lincoln Park
Mile Run
Raritan Landing
Rutgers Gardens
Westons Mill Pond





Transportation



Jersey Avenue Station
New Brunswick Station
New Jersey Transit buses
Rutgers Campus Buses
Suburban Trails
Route 18
Route 27
Route 91
Route 172





Neighborhoods



Civic Square
Edgebrook
Feaster Park
Fifth Ward
Lincoln Park
Livingston Avenue Historic District
Queens Campus
Raritan Gardens
Westons Mills






Coordinates: 40°29′55″N 74°26′37″W﻿ / ﻿40.49861°N 74.44361°W﻿ / 40.49861; -74.44361



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 157894482
LCCN: no94000514
ISNI: 0000 0001 2113 0582
GND: 272550-2
SUDOC: 175113343










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnson_%26_Johnson&oldid=791473915"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1886 establishments in New JerseyCompanies based in New Brunswick, New JerseyAmerican companies established in 1886Dental companiesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageJohnson & JohnsonMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesBuildings and structures in New Brunswick, New JerseyPersonal care companiesPharmaceutical companies based in New JerseyOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industryConglomerate companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 1886Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse American English from October 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2015Coordinates not on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБългарскиČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 14:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnson & Johnson - Wikipedia






















 






Johnson & Johnson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Johnson + Johnson)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with S. C. Johnson & Son.

Johnson & Johnson





J&J headquarters at One Johnson & Johnson Plaza in New Brunswick, New Jersey




Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: JNJ
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US4781601046


Industry



Medical equipment
Pharmaceutical





Founded
January 1886; 131 years ago (1886-01)
New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.


Founders



Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Edward Mead Johnson





Headquarters
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alex Gorsky (Chairman and CEO)


Products
See list of Johnson & Johnson products


Revenue
 US$71.89 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$19.80 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$16.54 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$133.41 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$71.15 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

127,100 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Vistakon[2]
Neutrogena
DePuy





Website
www.jnj.com


Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company founded in 1886. Its common stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the company is listed among the Fortune 500.
Johnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in 60 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson had worldwide sales of $70.1 billion during calendar year 2015.[3]
Johnson & Johnson's brands include numerous household names of medications and first aid supplies. Among its well-known consumer products are the Band-Aid Brand line of bandages, Tylenol medications, Johnson's baby products, Neutrogena skin and beauty products, Clean & Clear facial wash and Acuvue contact lenses.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Foundation and early history
1.2 1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
1.3 1959: Cilag
1.4 1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals
1.5 1998: DePuy
1.6 1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.
1.7 Ethicon, Inc

1.7.1 Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.


1.8 Actelion
1.9 2010 onwards
1.10 Structure


2 Corporate governance
3 JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification

3.1 Chairmen


4 Products

4.1 Pharmaceuticals
4.2 Medical devices
4.3 Consumer health


5 Environmental record
6 Recalls and litigation

6.1 1982 Chicago Tylenol murders
6.2 2010 children's product recall
6.3 2010 hip-replacement recall
6.4 2010 Tylenol recall
6.5 Shareholders lawsuit
6.6 Illegal marketing of Risperdal
6.7 Foreign bribery
6.8 Consumer Fraud Settlements
6.9 Use of the Red Cross symbol
6.10 Boston Scientific lawsuits
6.11 Patent-infringement case against Abbott
6.12 Baby powder


7 See also
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Johnson & Johnson operates over 250 companies in what is termed "the Johnson & Johnson family of companies".[4] The company operates in three broad divisions; Consumer Healthcare, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals.


Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies


Consumer Healthcare[5]
Medical Devices[6]
Pharmaceuticals[7]


Baby Care
Skin & Hair Care
Wound Care and Topicals
Oral Health Care
Women’s Health
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Over-The-Counter Medicines
Nutritionals
Advanced Sterilization Products
Animas Corporation
Biosense Webster
DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson
Ethicon, Inc.
Janssen Diagnostics BVBA
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.
LifeScan, Inc.
Mentor
Janssen
Janssen R&D LLC
Janssen Healthcare Innovation
Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc
Janssen Diagnostics
Janssen Therapeutics
Janssen Scientific Affairs
McNeil-PPC, Inc


Foundation and early history[edit]




Robert Wood Johnson


Inspired by a speech by antiseptic advocate Joseph Lister, Robert Wood Johnson joined his brothers James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson to create a line of ready-to-use surgical dressings in 1885. The company produced its first products in 1886 and incorporated in 1887.
Robert Wood Johnson served as the first president of the company. He worked to improve sanitation practices in the nineteenth century, and lent his name to a hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Upon his death in 1910, he was succeeded in the presidency by his brother James Wood Johnson until 1932, and then by his son, Robert Wood Johnson II.
Robert Wood Johnson's granddaughter, Mary Lea Johnson Richards, was the first baby to appear on a Johnson & Johnson baby powder label.[8][9][10] His great-grandson, Jamie Johnson, made a documentary called Born Rich about the experience of growing up as the heir to one of the world's greatest fortunes.

1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare[edit]
McNeil Consumer Healthcare was founded on March 16, 1879 by 23-year-old Robert McNeil. In 1904, one of McNeil's sons, Robert Lincoln McNeil, became part of the company and together they created McNeil Laboratories in 1933. The company focused on direct marketing of prescription drugs to hospitals, pharmacists, and doctors. Development of acetaminophen began under the leadership of Robert L. McNeil, Jr., who later served as the firm's chairman.[11] In 1959, Johnson & Johnson acquired McNeil Laboratories and a year later the company was able to sell Tylenol for the first time ever, without a prescription. In 1977, two subsidiary companies were created; McNeil medicals products and McNeil Consumer Products Company (also known as McNeil Consumer Healthcare). The focus of McNeil medicals products is to market prescription drugs. In 1993 McNeil medicals products merged with the Ortho Pharmaceutical to form Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical. In 2001 McNeil Consumer Healthcare changed its name to McNeil Consumer & Specialty medicals products. However, it was later changed to "McNeil Consumer Healthcare". The company markets over-the-counter and prescription medicals products including complete lines of Tylenol and Motrin IB (ibuprofen) products for adults and children.
1959: Cilag[edit]
In 1933, Swiss chemist Bernhard Joos set up a small research laboratory in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936. In 1959, Cilag joined the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. In the early nineties the marketing organizations of Cilag and Janssen Pharmaceutica were joined to form Janssen-Cilag. The non-marketing activities of both companies still operate under their original name. Cilag continues to have operations under the Cilag name in Switzerland, ranging from research and development through manufacturing and international services. In August 2014 Cilag acquired Covagen a biopharmaceutical company which specialises in the development of multi-specific protein based therapeutics. As part of the acquisition Cilag wll gain access to Covagen’s lead drug candidate, COVA 322, a bi-specific anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha/anti-interleukin (IL)-17A FynomAb, is in a Phase Ib study for psoriasis.[12]
1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals[edit]
Janssen Pharmaceuticals can be traced back to 1933. In 1933 Constant Janssen, the father of Paul Janssen, acquired the right to distribute the pharmaceutical products of Richter, a Hungarian pharmaceutical company, for Belgium, the Netherlands and Belgian Congo. On 23 October 1934, he founded the N.V. Produkten Richter in Turnhout. After the Second World War, the name for the company products was changed to Eupharma, although the company name Richter would remain until 1956.[13]
Paul Janssen founded his own research laboratory in 1953 on the third floor of the building in the Statiestraat, still within the Richter-Eurpharma company of his father. On 5 April 1956, the name of the company was changed to NV Laboratoria Pharmaceutica C. Janssen (named after Constant Janssen). On 2 May 1958, the research department in Beerse became a separate legal entity, the N.V. Research Laboratorium C. Janssen. On 24 October 1961, the company was acquired by the American corporation Johnson & Johnson. On 10 February 1964, the name was changed to Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V. Between 1990 and 2004, Janssen Pharmaceuticals expanded worldwide, with the company grew in size to approximately 28000 employees worldwide. In 1999, clinical research and non-clinical development become a global organization within Johnson & Johnson. In 2001, part of the research activities was transferred to the United States with the reorganization of research activities in the Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development organization. The research activities of the Janssen Research Foundation and the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute were merged into the new global research organization. On 27 October 2004, the Paul Janssen Research Center, for discovery research, was inaugurated.
In August 2013, the company acquired Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. In November 2014, the company acquired Alios BioPharma, Inc. for $1.75 billion. As a result of the purchase, Alios was incorporated into the infectious diseases therapeutic area of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.[14] In March 2015, Janssen licensed Tipofarnib (a farnesyl transferase inhibitor) to Kura Oncology who will assume sole responsibility for developing and commercialising the anti-cancer drug.[15] Later in the same month the company announced that Galapagos Pharma and regained the rights to the anti-inflammatory drug candidate GLPG1690 as well as two other compounds including GLPG1205 (a first-in-class inhibitor of GPR84).[16] Finally, in March, the company acquired XO1 Limited [17] In November 2015, the company acquired Novira Therapeutics, Inc., gaining the lead candidate, NVR 3-778.[18]
1998: DePuy[edit]
DePuy was acquired by J&J in 1998, rolling it into the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices group. On June 14, 2012, Johnson and Johnson completed the acquisition of Synthes for $19.7 billion,[19] which was then integrated with the DePuy franchise to establish the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson which includes; Codman & Shurteff, Inc., DePuy Mitek, Inc., DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and DePuy Spine, Inc. In February 2015, DePuy announced it would acquire Olive Medical Corporation.[20] In May 2016, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. acquired Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., an industry leader in small bone fixation.[21]Later in December of the same year, DePuy Synthes announced it would acquire Pulsar Vascular Inc., adding Pulsar to its Codman division.[22]
In April 2017 Irish subsidiary; DePuy Ireland Unlimited Company announced it would acquire Neuravi, a company with a portfolio of products for hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes for an undisclosed sum, with Codman Neuro being behind the deal.[23][24] In June, DePuy Synthes Products, Inc. announced it would acquire Innovative Surgical Solutions, LLC (trading as Sentio, LLC) for an undisclosed sum, bolstering the company's technology for innovative nerve localisation in spinal surgery. [25]
1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.[edit]
Janssen Biotech, Inc., formerly known as Centocor Biotech, Inc., is a biotechnology company that was founded in Philadelphia in 1979. In 1982 Centocor transitioned into a publicly traded company. In 1999, Centocor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Since the acquisition, Janssen Biotech increased its annual sales from $500 million to more than $2 billion. During the same period, research and development investment increased from $75 million to more than $300 million. In 2008, Centocor, Inc. and Ortho Biotech Inc. merged to form Centocor Ortho Biotech Inc. In June 2010 Centocor Ortho Biotech acquired RespiVert, a privately held drug discovery company focused on developing small-molecule, inhaled therapies for the treatment of pulmonary diseases.[26] In June 2011 Centocor Ortho Biotech changed its name to Janssen Biotech, Inc. as part of a global effort to unite the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies around the world under a common identity. In December 2014, the company announced it would co-develop MacroGenics cancer drug candidate (MGD011) which targets both CD19 and CD3 proteins in treating B-cell malignant tumours. This could net MacroGenics up to $700 million.[27] In January 2015, the company announced it will utilise Isis Pharmaceuticals' RNA-targeting technology to discover and develop antisense drugs targeting autoimmune disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, with the partnership potentially generating up to $835 million for Isis.[28]
Ethicon, Inc[edit]
In 1915, George F. Merson opened a facility in Edinburgh for the manufacturing, packaging and sterilizing of catgut, silk and nylon sutures. Johnson & Johnson acquired Mr. Merson’s company in 1947, and this was renamed Ethicon Suture Laboratories.[29] In 1953 this became Ethicon Inc.[30] In 1992, Ethicon was restructured, and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. became a separate corporate entity. During the 1990s, Ethicon diversified into new and advanced products and technologies and formed four different companies under the Ethicon umbrella, each of which specialize in different products. In 2008 J&J announced it would acquire Mentor Corporation for $1 billion and merge its operations into Ethicon.[31] In March 2016, J&Js Ethicon business unit announced it would acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.[32] In January 2017, J&J subsidiary Ethicon announced it would acquire Megadyne Medical Products, Inc., a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets electrosurgical tools.[33] In February 2017, Ethicon acquired medical device manufacturer, Torax Medical for an undisclosed sum.[34]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.[edit]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery was part of Ethicon Inc. until 1992, when it became a separate corporate entity under the J&J umbrella.
Actelion[edit]
In January 2017, J&J fought off competition from Sanofi to acquire Swiss drugmaker Actelion. Later in the month J&J announced a $30 billion deal to purchase the Swiss company Actelion and to spin off its research and development unit, into a separate legal entity.[35][36] In March, the company declared its tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday, reporting that Janssen Holding GmbH controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period,[37] equating to 83,195,346 Actelion shares. In keeping with earlier agreements, the company annoucned its intention to delist Actelion, whilst spinning out its drug discovery operations and early-stage clinical development assets into a newly created Swiss-based biopharmaceutical company, Idorsia Ltd.[38] J&J will control 16% of Idorsia, with the ability to raise their stake to 32% through convertible notes.[39]
2010 onwards[edit]
In October 2010, J&J acquired Crucell for $2.4 billion.[40]
In November 2015, Biosense Webster, Inc. acquired Coherex Medical, Inc. expanding the companies range of treatment options for patients with atrial fibrillation.[41]
In July 2016, J&J announced its intention to acquire the privately held company, Vogue International LLC, boosting Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.[42] In September of the same year, J&J announced it would acquire Abbott Medical Optics from Abbott Laboratories for $4.325 billion, adding the new division into Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.[43]




J&J headquarters in Madrid, Spain.






Johnson & Johnson office in Ontario


Structure[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's structure, maintained though a number of mergers & acquisitions (this is not a comprehensive list):


Johnson & Johnson



Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.<br />Consumer Healthcare Division





Baby Care








Skin & Hair Care








Wound Care and Topicals








Oral Health Care








Women’s Health








Over-The-Counter Medicines








Nutritionals








Vogue International LLC












Medical Devices Division





Advanced Sterilization Products








Animas Corporation






Biosense Webster





Coherex Medical, Inc.












DePuy Synthes



Codman & Shurteff, Inc.





Pulsar Vascular Inc.








Neuravi














DePuy Mitek, Inc.






DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc.





Biomedical Enterprises, Inc.














DePuy Spine, Inc






DePuy Synthes Products, Inc





Sentio, LLC














Olive Medical Corporation












Ethicon, Inc.





Mentor








Acclarent








NeuWave Medical, Inc








Megadyne Medical Products, Inc.








Torax Medical














Janssen Diagnostics BVBA






Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.





Vistakon








Abbott Medical Optics














LifeScan, Inc.








Ethicon Endo-Surgery












Pharmaceuticals Division



Janssen Pharmaceutica



Cilag





Covagen














Janssen-Cilag








Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Alios BioPharma, Inc.








Novira Therapeutics, Inc.








Actelion












 

Janssen R&D LLC






 

Janssen Healthcare Innovation






Janssen Biotech, Inc.





Ortho Biotech Inc.








RespiVert












 

Janssen Therapeutics






 

Janssen Diagnostics






 

Janssen Scientific Affairs








Crucell






 

Janssen-Ortho








McNeil Nutritional LLC








Mead Johnson
(Sold to Reckitt Benckiser)


















Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of Johnson & Johnson are: Mary Sue Coleman, James G. Cullen, Dominic Caruso, Michael M.E. Johns, Ann Dibble Jordan, Arnold G. Langbo, Susan L. Lindquist, Leo F. Mullin, William Perez, Steven S. Reinemund, David Satcher, and William C. Weldon.[44]
Sandi Peterson has served as Group Worldwide Chairman since 2012.[45]
On top of Alex Gorsky and Sandi Peterson, current members of Executive Committees of Johnson & Johnson are: Dominic Caruso, Peter Fasolo, Paul Stoffels, and Michael Sneed.[46]
JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification[edit]
The company has historically been located on the Delaware and Raritan Canal in New Brunswick. The company considered moving its headquarters out of New Brunswick in the 1960s, but decided to stay in the town after city officials promised to gentrify downtown New Brunswick by demolishing old buildings and constructing new ones.
While New Brunswick lost at least one historic edifice (the inn where Rutgers University began) to the redevelopment, the gentrification did attract people back to New Brunswick. Johnson & Johnson hired Henry N. Cobb from Pei Cobb Freed & Partners to design an addition to its headquarters. The white tower in a park across the railroad tracks from the older portion of the headquarters in one of tallest buildings in New Brunswick.
The stretch of Delaware and Raritan canal by the company's headquarters was replaced by a stretch of Route 18 in the late 1970s,[47] after a lengthy dispute.[48] In 2002, the company released its plan of setting up Asia-Pacific information technology headquarters in New South Wales within five years.[49]
Chairmen[edit]

Robert Wood Johnson I (1887–1910)
James Wood Johnson (1910–1932)
Robert Wood Johnson II (1932–1963)
Philip B. Hofmann (1963–1973)
Richard B. Sellars (1973–1976)
James E. Burke (1976–1989)
Ralph S. Larsen (1989–2002)
William C. Weldon (2002–2012)
Alex Gorsky (2012–present)

Products[edit]
The company's business is divided into three major segments, Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, and Consumer Products. In 2015, these segments contributed 44.9%, 35.9%, and 19.3%, respectively, of the company's total revenues.[50]
Pharmaceuticals[edit]
The company's major franchises in the Pharmaceutical segment include Immunology, Neuroscience, Infectious Disease, and Oncology.
Immunology products include the anti-tumor necrosis factor antibodies Remicade (infliximab), and Simponi (golimumab) used for the treatment[51] of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease (Remicade only), ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis, and other disorders. In 2013, these two products accounted for 29% of Johnson and Johnson's pharmaceutical revenues, and 11.3% of the company's total revenues. A third immunology product, Stelara (ustekinumab), targets interleukin-12 and interleukin-23 and is used for the treatment of psoriasis.[52]
Key infectious diseases products include Incivio (telaprevir), a hepatitis C protease inhibitor; Intelence (Etravirine), a non-nucleoside HIV polymerase inhibitor; and Prezista (darunavir), an HIV protease inhibitor. Telaprevir sales are expected to decline due to the recent approval of treatment regimens that are more efficacious and much better tolerated. Etravirine and darunavir are notable for their high barriers to resistance development.[53][54] Darunavir in combination with HIV polymerase inhibitors is recommended as a first line treatment option for treatment naive persons with HIV infection[55] but etravirine is approved only for use in treatment-experienced patients, owing in part to its requirement for twice-daily dosing.
The company's CNS products include the ADHD drug Concerta (methylphenidate extended release), and the long-acting injectable antipsychotics Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) and Risperdal Consta (risperidone). Invega Sustenna and Risperdal Consta were the first widely utilized long-acting depot injections for the treatment of schizophrenia. Designed to address the issue of poor patient compliance with oral therapy, they are administered by intramuscular injection at intervals of 2 weeks and one month, respectively. Only minimal improvements in outcomes relative to the oral versions of these drugs were observed in the clinical trial setting, but some evidence suggests that the advantages of long-acting injections in clinical practice may be greater than is readily demonstrated in the environment of a clinical trial.[56][57][58]
Oncology products include Velcade (bortezomib), for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma[59] and Zytiga (abiraterone), an androgen antagonist for the treatment of prostate cancer. In clinical trials, abiraterone treatment was associated with a 4.6 to 5.2 survival advantage when used either before or after chemotherapy with platinum based drugs.[60] On December 31, 2012, the Food and Drug Administration approved Sirturo (bedaquiline), a Johnson & Johnson tuberculosis drug that is the first new medicine to fight the infection in more than forty years.[61]
Medical devices[edit]

Sectors in which the company is active[62] include:

Aesthetics (Ethicon, Mentor)
Arrhythmias (Biosense Webster)
Bariatric Surgery for Obesity (Ethicon)
Cardiovascular Disease (Biosense Webster, Inc.)
Diabetes Care (LifeScan, Animas Corporation)
Ear, Nose, and Throat Conditions (Acclarent)
General Surgery (Ethicon, Codman Neuro)
Hernia Surgery (Ethicon)
Insulin Delivery Devices (Animas)
Neurovascular Disease (Codman Neuro, DePuy Synthes)
Orthopaedics (DePuy Synthes): Joint Reconstruction, Trauma, Spine, Sports Medicine and Power Tools
Self-Measured Blood Glucose Monitors (LifeScan)
Surgical Instruments and Infection Prevention(Advanced Sterilization Products)
Urologic Surgery (Ethicon)
Vision Care (VISTAKON®)


Consumer health[edit]
Sectors in which the company is active[63] include:


Baby Care
Nutritionals
Oral Health Care
Over-the-Counter Medicines
Skin & Hair Care
Vision Care
Wound Care & Topicals


Environmental record[edit]
Johnson & Johnson has set several positive goals to keep the company environmentally friendly and was ranked third among the United States's largest companies in Newsweek's "Green Rankings".[64] Some examples are the reduction in water use, waste, and energy use and an increased level of transparency.[65] Johnson & Johnson agreed to change its packaging of plastic bottles used in the manufacturing process, switching their packaging of liquids to non-polycarbonate containers.[66] The corporation is working with the Climate Northwest Initiative and the EPA National Environmental Performance Track program.[67] As a member of the national Green Power Partnership, Johnson & Johnson operates the largest solar power generator in Pennsylvania at its site in Spring House, PA.[68]
Recalls and litigation[edit]
1982 Chicago Tylenol murders[edit]
Main article: Chicago Tylenol murders
On September 29, 1982, a "Tylenol scare" began when the first of seven individuals died in Chicago metropolitan area, after ingesting Extra Strength Tylenol that had been deliberately laced with cyanide.[69] Within a week, the company pulled 31 million bottles of capsules back from retailers, making it one of the first major recalls in American history.[69] The incident led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter substances and to federal anti-tampering laws. The case remains unsolved and no suspects have been charged. Johnson & Johnson's quick response, including a nationwide recall, was widely praised by public relations experts and the media and was the gold standard for corporate crisis management.[70][71][72]
2010 children's product recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 Johnson & Johnson children's product recall
On April 30, 2010, McNeil Consumer Healthcare, a subsidiary of Johnson and Johnson, voluntarily recalled 43 over-the-counter children's medicines, including Tylenol, Tylenol Plus, Motrin, Zyrtec and Benadryl. The recall was conducted after a routine inspection at a manufacturing facility in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, United States revealed that some "products may not fully meet the required manufacturing specifications".[73][74] Affected products may contain a "higher concentration of active ingredients" or exhibit other manufacturing defects.[74] Products shipped to Canada, Dominican Republic, Guam, Guatemala, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Panama, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Fiji were included in the recall.[73] In a statement, Johnson & Johnson said "a comprehensive quality assessment across its manufacturing operations" was underway.[73][74] A dedicated website was established by the company listing affected products and other consumer information.[74]
2010 hip-replacement recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 DePuy Hip Recall
On August 2009, 2010, DePuy, a subsidiary of American giant Johnson & Johnson, recalled its ASR (articular surface replacement) hip prostheses from the market. DePuy said the recall was due to unpublished National Joint Registry data showing a 12% revision rate for resurfacing at five years and an ASR XL revision rate of 13%. All hip prostheses fail in some patients, but it is expected that the rate will be about 1% a year.[75] Pathologically, the failing prosthesis had several effects. Metal debris from wear of the implant led to a reaction that destroyed the soft tissues surrounding the joint, leaving some patients with long term disability. Ions of cobalt and chromium—the metals from which the implant was made—were also released into the blood and cerebral spinal fluid in some patients.[76]
In March 2013, a jury in Los Angeles ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay more than $8.3 million in damages to a Montana man in the first of more than 10,000 lawsuits pending against the company in connection with the now-recalled DePuy hip.[77]
Some lawyers and industry analysts have estimated that the suits ultimately will cost Johnson & Johnson billions of dollars to resolve.[77]
2010 Tylenol recall[edit]
In 2010 and 2011, Johnson & Johnson voluntarily recalled some over-the-counter products including Tylenol due to an odor caused by tribromoanisole.[78][79] In this case, 2,4,6-tribromophenol was used to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored.[78]
Shareholders lawsuit[edit]
In 2010 a group of shareholders sued the board for allegedly failing to take action to prevent serious failings and illegalities since the 1990s, including manufacturing problems, bribing officials, covering up adverse effects and misleading marketing for unapproved uses. The judge initially dismissed the case in September 2011, but allowed the plaintiffs opportunity to refile at a later time.[80] In 2012 Johnson and Johnson proposed a settlement with the shareholders, whereby the company would institute new oversight, quality and compliance procedures binding for five years.[81]
Illegal marketing of Risperdal[edit]
Juries in several US states have found J&J guilty of concealing the adverse effects of Janssen Pharmaceuticals' antipsychotic medication Risperdal, produced by its unit, in order to promote it to doctors and patients as better than cheaper generics, and of falsely marketing it for treating patients with dementia.[82] States that have awarded damages include Texas ($158 million), South Carolina ($327 million), Louisiana ($258 million), and most notably Arkansas ($1.2 billion).[83]
In 2010, the United States Department of Justice joined a whistleblowers suit accusing the company of illegally marketing Risperdal through Omnicare, the largest company supplying pharmaceuticals to nursing homes.[84][85] The allegations include that J&J were warned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) not to promote Risperdal as effective and safe for elderly patients, but they did so, and that they paid Omnicare to promote the drug to care home physicians.[86] The settlement was finalized on November 4, 2013, with J&J agreeing to pay a penalty of around $2.2 billion, "including criminal fines and forfeiture totaling $485 million and civil settlements with the federal government and states totaling $1.72 billion."[87]
Johnson & Johnson has also been subject to congressional investigations related to payments given to psychiatrists to promote its products and ghost write articles, notably Joseph Biederman and his pediatric bipolar disorder research unit.[88]
Foreign bribery[edit]
In 2011, J&J settled litigation brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; J&J paid around $70M in disgorgement and fines.[89] J&J's employees had given kickbacks and bribes to doctors in Greece, Poland, Romania to obtain business selling drugs and medical devices, and had bribed officials in Iraq to win contracts under the Oil for Food program.[90] J&J fully cooperated with the investigation once the problems came to light.[91]
Consumer Fraud Settlements[edit]
In May 2017, J&J reached an agreement to pay $33 million to several states to settle consumer fraud allegations in some of the company’s over-the-counter drugs.[92][93][94]
Use of the Red Cross symbol[edit]




Flag of the Red Cross


Further information: Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement § Use of the emblems
Johnson & Johnson registered the Red Cross as a U.S. trademark for "medicinal and surgical plasters" in 1905 and has used the design since 1887.[95] The Geneva Conventions, which reserved the Red Cross emblem for specific uses, were first approved in 1864 and ratified by the United States in 1882; however, the emblem was not protected by U.S. law for the use of the American Red Cross and the U.S. military until after Johnson & Johnson had obtained its trademark. A clause in this law (now 18 U.S.C. 706) permits this pre-existing uses of the Red Cross to continue.
A declaration made by the U.S. upon its ratification of the 1949 Geneva Conventions includes a reservation that pre-1905 U.S. domestic uses of the Red Cross, such as Johnson & Johnson's, would remain lawful as long as the cross is not used on "aircraft, vessels, vehicles, buildings or other structures, or upon the ground," i.e. uses which could be confused with its military uses.[96] This means that the U.S. did not agree to any interpretation of the 1949 Geneva Conventions that would overrule Johnson & Johnson's trademark. The American Red Cross continues to recognize the validity of Johnson & Johnson's trademark.[97]
In August 2007, Johnson & Johnson filed a lawsuit against the American Red Cross (ARC), demanding that the charity halt the use of the red cross symbol on products it sells to the public, though the company takes no issue with the charity's use of the mark for non-profit purposes.[98] In May 2008, the judge in the case dismissed most of Johnson & Johnson's claims, and a month later the two organizations announced a settlement had been reached in which both parties would continue to use the symbol.[99]
Boston Scientific lawsuits[edit]
Since 2003, Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific have both claimed that the other had infringed on their patents covering heart stent medical devices. The litigation was settled when Boston Scientific agreed to pay $716 million to Johnson & Johnson in September 2009 and an additional $1.73 billion in February 2010.[100] Their dispute was renewed in 2014, now on the grounds of a contract dispute.[101]
Patent-infringement case against Abbott[edit]
In 2007, Johnson & Johnson sued Abbott Laboratories over the development and sale of the arthritis drug Humira. Johnson & Johnson claimed that Abbott used technology patented by New York University and licensed exclusively to Johnson & Johnson's Centocor division to develop Humira. Johnson & Johnson won the court case, and in 2009 Abbott was ordered to pay Johnson & Johnson $1.17 billion in lost revenues and $504 million in royalties.[102] The judge also added $175.6 million in interest to bring the total to $1.84 billion.[103] This was the largest patent-infringement award in U.S. history[102] until the 2013 decision against Teva in favor of Takeda and Pfizer for over 2.1 billion dollars.[104] Abbott has since successfully reversed the verdict at appeal.[105]
Baby powder[edit]
In February 2016, J&J was ordered to pay $72 million in damages to the family of Jacqueline Fox, a 62-year-old woman who died of ovarian cancer in 2015.[106] She had been sprinkling Johnson's Baby Powder on her underwear nearly every day since she was a teenager. J&J claimed that the safety of cosmetic talc is supported by decades of scientific evidence and it plans to appeal the verdict. The British charity, Ovacome was quoted as saying that while there were 16 studies which showed that using talc increased the risk of ovarian cancer by around a third, and a 2013 review of US studies had similar results for genital, but not general, talcum powder use they were not convinced that the results were reliable. Furthermore, Ovacome said, "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk."[106]
By March 2017, over 1,000 U.S. women had sued J&J for covering up the possible cancer risk from its Baby Powder product; the company says that 70 percent of its Baby Powder is used by adults.[107]
See also[edit]


New Jersey portal
Companies portal
Medicine portal



Frederick Barnett Kilmer – Director of Scientific Laboratories from 1889 to 1934.
Zodiac – Historic schooner built for the Johnson family heirs.


References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Johnson & Johnson 2016 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 5, 2016. 
^ anonymous. "VisionCare Corporate - Our History". jnjvc.com. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/1709744668x0x881109/474857DD-8E67-43B1-BB38-0A9712D93545/2015_annual_report_.pdf "Johnson & Johnson 2015 Annual Report � Johnson & Johnson"] (PDF). www.jnj.com. February 24, 2016. Retrieved September 28, 2016.  replacement character in |title= at position 38 (help)
^ "J&J Company Structure - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Consumer Health Care". 
^ "Medical Devices". 
^ "Pharmaceutical Companies - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Horner, Shirley (February 15, 1987). "About Books". The New York Times. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ Conniff, Richard. The Natural History of the Rich: A Field Guide. W. W. Norton. p. 126. 
^ "Crazier then You and Me". New York Magazine. February 23, 1987: 129. 
^ Singer, Natasha (June 3, 2010). "Robert L. McNeil Jr., Chemist Who Introduced Tylenol, Dies at 94". The New York Times. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "Janssen Affiliate Cilag Acquires Covagen". GEN. 
^ Lopez-Munoz, Francisco; Alamo, Cecilio (2009). "The Consolidation of Neuroleptic Therapy: Janssen, the Discovery of Haloperidol and Its Introduction into Clinical Practice". Brain Research Bulletin. 79: 130–141. PMID 19186209. doi:10.1016/j.brainresbull.2009.01.005. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion Of Alios Biopharma Acquisition". Janssen. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Kura Oncology Licenses Janssen's Tipofarnib in Cancer". GEN. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Galapagos Regains Rights to GLPG1690 from Janssen". GEN. 
^ "Janssen Acquires XO1 Limited". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement To Acquire Novira Therapeutics, Inc.". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Synthes Acquisition". 
^ "Depuy Synthes Companies Acquires Olive Medical Corporation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Companies Announces Acquisition Of Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., A Leader In Small Bone Fixation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Codman Neuro Announces Acquisition Of Pulsar Vascular Inc., Expanding Neurovascular Treatment For Patients With Complex Aneurysms - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Ltd, Insider Media. "Johnson & Johnson moves for Irish medical firm". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson buys Irish stroke care firm in multimillion euro deal". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Announces Acquisition of Sentio, LLC to Enable Innovation in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery - Johnson & Johnson". www.jnj.com.  line feed character in |title= at position 72 (help)
^ http://www.infogrok.com/index.php/pharmaceutical/centocor-ortho-biotech-acquires-respivert.html
^ "Janssen Joins MacroGenics in Up-to-$700M Cancer Collaboration". GEN. 
^ "Janssen, Isis Pharma Ink Up-to-$835M Antisense Agreement". GEN. 
^ "ETHICON History". www.ethiconproducts.co.uk. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "A history of advancing surgery". www.ethicon.com. Ethicon U.S., LLC. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Mentor Corporation". 
^ "Ethicon Announces Agreement To Acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.". FierceMedicalDevices. 
^ "Ethicon Announces Acquisition of Megadyne Medical Products, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson subsidiary buys Torax Medical". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson to buy Actelion for $30 billion, spin off R&D unit". Reuters. 26 January 2017. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Roland, Denise; D. Rockoff, Jonathan (January 26, 2017), Johnson & Johnson to Acquire Actelion in $30 Billion Deal, Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 27, 2017 
^ "BRIEF-Johnson & Johnson says Janssen Holding to acquire all publicly held shares of Actelion for $280 per share". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "J&J declares Actelion tender offer a success, sees closing in second quarter". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Declares $30B Actelion Tender Successful; Controls 77.% of Voting Rights". 
^ Eva von Schaper; Ellen Gibson (6 October 2010). "J&J, Crucell Reach Agreement on $2.4 Billion Takeover". Bloomberg.com. 
^ "Biosense Webster, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Coherex Medical, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Acquisition of Vogue International LLC - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement to Acquire Abbott Medical Optics - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Board of Directors". jnj.com. 
^ "Sandra E. Peterson to Join Johnson & Johnson as Group Worldwide Chairman and Member of the Executive Committee". Pharma Business Week. 24 September 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Our Leadership Team - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ 2 Long-Disputed Projects to Begin, The New York Times, July 9, 1977
^ Old Raritan Canal Lock Is Focus of a Classic Dispute, The New York Times, April 16, 1977.
^ "JOHNSON & JOHNSON ASIA-PACIFIC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HEADQUARTERS". March 14, 2002. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ "Downloads" (PDF). files.shareholder.com. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ Ruela Corrêa JC, D'Arcy DM, dos Reis Serra CH, Nunes Salgado HR (2012). "Darunavir: a critical review of its properties, use and drug interactions". Pharmacology. 90 (1-2): 102–9. PMID 22797653. doi:10.1159/000339862. 
^ "Wikipedia template filling". Tools.wmflabs.org. Retrieved 2014-05-29. 
^ "aidsinfo.nih.gov" (PDF). 
^ Kaplan G, Casoy J, Zummo J (2013). "Impact of long-acting injectable antipsychotics on medication adherence and clinical, functional, and economic outcomes of schizophrenia". Patient Prefer Adherence. 7: 1171–80. PMC 3833623 . PMID 24265549. doi:10.2147/PPA.S53795. 
^ Kane JM, Kishimoto T, Correll CU (August 2013). "Assessing the comparative effectiveness of long-acting injectable vs. oral antipsychotic medications in the prevention of relapse provides a case study in comparative effectiveness research in psychiatry". J Clin Epidemiol. 66 (8 Suppl): S37–41. PMID 23849151. doi:10.1016/j.jclinepi.2013.01.012. 
^ Fusar-Poli P, Kempton MJ, Rosenheck RA (March 2013). "Efficacy and safety of second-generation long-acting injections in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials". Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 28 (2): 57–66. PMID 23165366. doi:10.1097/YIC.0b013e32835b091f. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "FDA Approves 1st New Tuberculosis Drug in 40 Years". ABC News. Retrieved December 31, 2012. 
^ "Healthcare products - Medical technologies". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Healthcare products - consumer". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Green Rankings". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Official Site". Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Environment New Service, December 8, 2004. Retrieved May 4, 2008
^ "Coop America". March 27, 2008. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ "Department of Environmental Protection". Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Judith Rehak (March 23, 2002). "Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all". The New York Times. 
^ Toyota, what's so hard about doing the right thing?, Los Angeles Times, February 11, 2010
^ Jennifer Latson for Time Magazine Sept. 29, 2014 How Poisoned Tylenol Became a Crisis-Management Teaching Model
^ Judith Rehak for The New York Times. March 23, 2002 Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all
^ a b c "US firm recalls children's drugs". Aljazeera. May 1, 2010. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ a b c d Watts, Alex (May 2, 2010). "Warning As Baby Medicines Are Recalled". Sky News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Deborah Cohen (May 14, 2011). "Out of joint: The story of the ASR". 
^ "FDA. Concerns about metal-on-metal hip implant systems. 2011". 2011. 
^ a b Meier, Barry (March 8, 2013). "J.&J. Loses First Case Over Faulty Hip Implant". New York Times. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ a b Tylenol Recall Expands, WebMD Health News, January 18, 2010
^ "McNeil Consumer Healthcare Announces Voluntary Recall Of One Product Lot Of TYLENOL® Extra Strength Caplets 225 Count Distributed In The U.S.". 
^ "10-cv-2033, D. NJ., Sept. 29, 2011" (PDF). 
^ J&J, shareholders reach tentative deal in lawsuit By LINDA A. JOHNSON AP Business Writer / July 12, 2012
^ Gregory Wallace (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to pay $2 billion for false marketing". CNN Money. Retrieved November 6, 2013. 
^ J.&J. Fined $1.2 Billion in Drug Case NY Times, By KATIE THOMAS Published: April 11, 2012
^ Hilzenrath, David S. (January 16, 2010). "Justice suit accuses Johnson & Johnson of paying kickbacks". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ Singer, Natasha (January 15, 2010). "Johnson & Johnson Accused of Drug Kickbacks". The New York Times. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ J&J Said to Agree to $2.2 Billion Drug Marketing Accord Bloomberg News. By Margaret Cronin Fisk, Jef Feeley & David Voreacos – June 11, 2012
^ Office of Public Affairs, Department of Justice (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to Pay More Than $2.2 Billion to Resolve Criminal and Civil Investigations". United States Department of Justice. Retrieved 16 June 2015. 
^ Research Center Tied to Drug Company By Gardiner Harris, The New York Times, 2008
^ "Johnson & Johnson". www.sec.gov. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "J&J settles U.S., UK bribery, kickback charges". Reuters. April 8, 2011. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "SEC Charges Johnson & Johnson With Foreign Bribery". SEC. April 7, 2011. 
^ "J&J Reaches $33 Million Settlement with States". DrugWatch. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ Reuters (2017-05-24). "Johnson & Johnson settles drug manufacturing probe by US states for $33 million". The Economic Times. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "UPDATE 1-J&J settles drug manufacturing probe by U.S. states for $33 mln". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "Trademark Status & Document Retrieval". uspto.gov. 
^ U.S. reservations to the 1949 Geneva Conventions (International Committee of the Red Cross website)
^ American Red Cross Defends Use of Emblem and Mission (American Red Cross press release, August 10, 2007)
^ "Red Cross Is Sued by J&J Over Signature Emblem" The Wall Street Journal August 9, 2007
^ Stephanie Saul (June 18, 2008). "Claim Over Red Cross Symbol Is Settled". The New York Times. 
^ Boston Scientific to Pay J&J $1.73B to Settle Stent Patent Disputes, The Wall Street Journal, February 2, 2010
^ J&J seeks over $5 billion in damages from Boston Scientific at trial. Reuters, 19 November 2014
^ a b Abbott Told to Pay Record $1.67 billion Award to J&J, Bloomberg News, June 29, 2009
^ Abbott Challenges $1.67 billion Patent Loss to J&J Over Humira, Bloomberg News, November 2, 2010
^ Pfizer, Takeda to Get $2.15 Billion Settlement, WSJ, 6 12 2013
^ "Bloomberg Business". Bloomberg.com. 
^ a b "Johnson & Johnson hit with $72m damages in talc-cancer case". BBC News. 24 February 2016. Retrieved 24 February 2016. 
^ Johnson & Johnson Has a Baby Powder Problem Bloomberg, Retrieved April 20, 2017.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Johnson & Johnson.



Official website





Business data for Johnson & Johnson: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Johnson & Johnson



CEOs and presidents

Current: Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO

Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Robert Wood Johnson II
Robert Wood Johnson III
Philip B. Hofmann
Richard B. Sellars
James E. Burke
Ralph S. Larsen





Selected subsidiaries



ALZA Corporation
Cilag
Crucell
DePuy, Inc.
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.
Ethicon, Inc.
Independence Technology, LLC
J&J PRD
Janssen Biotech
Janssen Pharmaceutica
LifeScan
McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals
McNeil Nutritionals
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical
Ortho-Neutrogena
Penaten
Tibotec





Major brands



Acuvue
Aveeno
Band-Aid
Benadryl
Benecol (US license)
Caladryl
Clean & Clear
Desitin
Imodium
Johnson's Baby
Lactaid
Listerine
Motrin
Mylanta
Mylicon
Neosporin
Neutrogena
OneTouch
Pepcid
Plax
Rembrandt
Splenda
Sudafed
Tylenol
Visine








Annual revenue: US$74.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Annual net income: US$16.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Employees: 118,700












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


New Brunswick, New Jersey



History and Architecture



Buccleuch Mansion
Delaware and Raritan Canal
Henry Guest House
National Register of Historic Places
Queens Campus
Tallest buildings
Voorhees Mall
Willow Grove Cemetery





Arts and Entertainment



Crossroads Theatre
George Street Playhouse
Grease trucks
Hungarian Festival
Mason Gross School of the Arts
Music scene
New Jersey Film Festival
New Jersey Folk Festival
State Theatre
The Stress Factory
Zimmerli Museum of Fine Art
World Straight Pool Championship





Government and Education



Civic Square
Middlesex County College
New Brunswick Free Public Library
New Brunswick Main Post Office
New Brunswick Public Schools
Rutgers University
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
Robert Wood Johnson Medical School





Economy and Healthcare



Bristol-Myers Squibb
Cancer Institute of New Jersey
Hoagland Longo
Johnson & Johnson
Magyar Bank
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital
Saint Peter's University Hospital





Parks and Recreation



Boyd Park
Buccleuch Park
Delaware and Raritan Canal
East Jersey Olde Towne Village
Feaster Park
Johnson Park
Lawrence Brook
Lincoln Park
Mile Run
Raritan Landing
Rutgers Gardens
Westons Mill Pond





Transportation



Jersey Avenue Station
New Brunswick Station
New Jersey Transit buses
Rutgers Campus Buses
Suburban Trails
Route 18
Route 27
Route 91
Route 172





Neighborhoods



Civic Square
Edgebrook
Feaster Park
Fifth Ward
Lincoln Park
Livingston Avenue Historic District
Queens Campus
Raritan Gardens
Westons Mills






Coordinates: 40°29′55″N 74°26′37″W﻿ / ﻿40.49861°N 74.44361°W﻿ / 40.49861; -74.44361



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 157894482
LCCN: no94000514
ISNI: 0000 0001 2113 0582
GND: 272550-2
SUDOC: 175113343










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnson_%26_Johnson&oldid=791473915"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1886 establishments in New JerseyCompanies based in New Brunswick, New JerseyAmerican companies established in 1886Dental companiesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageJohnson & JohnsonMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesBuildings and structures in New Brunswick, New JerseyPersonal care companiesPharmaceutical companies based in New JerseyOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industryConglomerate companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 1886Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse American English from October 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2015Coordinates not on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБългарскиČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 14:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnson & Johnson - Wikipedia






















 






Johnson & Johnson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Johnson + Johnson)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with S. C. Johnson & Son.

Johnson & Johnson





J&J headquarters at One Johnson & Johnson Plaza in New Brunswick, New Jersey




Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: JNJ
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US4781601046


Industry



Medical equipment
Pharmaceutical





Founded
January 1886; 131 years ago (1886-01)
New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.


Founders



Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Edward Mead Johnson





Headquarters
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alex Gorsky (Chairman and CEO)


Products
See list of Johnson & Johnson products


Revenue
 US$71.89 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$19.80 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$16.54 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$133.41 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$71.15 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

127,100 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Vistakon[2]
Neutrogena
DePuy





Website
www.jnj.com


Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company founded in 1886. Its common stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the company is listed among the Fortune 500.
Johnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in 60 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson had worldwide sales of $70.1 billion during calendar year 2015.[3]
Johnson & Johnson's brands include numerous household names of medications and first aid supplies. Among its well-known consumer products are the Band-Aid Brand line of bandages, Tylenol medications, Johnson's baby products, Neutrogena skin and beauty products, Clean & Clear facial wash and Acuvue contact lenses.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Foundation and early history
1.2 1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
1.3 1959: Cilag
1.4 1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals
1.5 1998: DePuy
1.6 1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.
1.7 Ethicon, Inc

1.7.1 Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.


1.8 Actelion
1.9 2010 onwards
1.10 Structure


2 Corporate governance
3 JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification

3.1 Chairmen


4 Products

4.1 Pharmaceuticals
4.2 Medical devices
4.3 Consumer health


5 Environmental record
6 Recalls and litigation

6.1 1982 Chicago Tylenol murders
6.2 2010 children's product recall
6.3 2010 hip-replacement recall
6.4 2010 Tylenol recall
6.5 Shareholders lawsuit
6.6 Illegal marketing of Risperdal
6.7 Foreign bribery
6.8 Consumer Fraud Settlements
6.9 Use of the Red Cross symbol
6.10 Boston Scientific lawsuits
6.11 Patent-infringement case against Abbott
6.12 Baby powder


7 See also
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Johnson & Johnson operates over 250 companies in what is termed "the Johnson & Johnson family of companies".[4] The company operates in three broad divisions; Consumer Healthcare, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals.


Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies


Consumer Healthcare[5]
Medical Devices[6]
Pharmaceuticals[7]


Baby Care
Skin & Hair Care
Wound Care and Topicals
Oral Health Care
Women’s Health
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Over-The-Counter Medicines
Nutritionals
Advanced Sterilization Products
Animas Corporation
Biosense Webster
DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson
Ethicon, Inc.
Janssen Diagnostics BVBA
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.
LifeScan, Inc.
Mentor
Janssen
Janssen R&D LLC
Janssen Healthcare Innovation
Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc
Janssen Diagnostics
Janssen Therapeutics
Janssen Scientific Affairs
McNeil-PPC, Inc


Foundation and early history[edit]




Robert Wood Johnson


Inspired by a speech by antiseptic advocate Joseph Lister, Robert Wood Johnson joined his brothers James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson to create a line of ready-to-use surgical dressings in 1885. The company produced its first products in 1886 and incorporated in 1887.
Robert Wood Johnson served as the first president of the company. He worked to improve sanitation practices in the nineteenth century, and lent his name to a hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Upon his death in 1910, he was succeeded in the presidency by his brother James Wood Johnson until 1932, and then by his son, Robert Wood Johnson II.
Robert Wood Johnson's granddaughter, Mary Lea Johnson Richards, was the first baby to appear on a Johnson & Johnson baby powder label.[8][9][10] His great-grandson, Jamie Johnson, made a documentary called Born Rich about the experience of growing up as the heir to one of the world's greatest fortunes.

1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare[edit]
McNeil Consumer Healthcare was founded on March 16, 1879 by 23-year-old Robert McNeil. In 1904, one of McNeil's sons, Robert Lincoln McNeil, became part of the company and together they created McNeil Laboratories in 1933. The company focused on direct marketing of prescription drugs to hospitals, pharmacists, and doctors. Development of acetaminophen began under the leadership of Robert L. McNeil, Jr., who later served as the firm's chairman.[11] In 1959, Johnson & Johnson acquired McNeil Laboratories and a year later the company was able to sell Tylenol for the first time ever, without a prescription. In 1977, two subsidiary companies were created; McNeil medicals products and McNeil Consumer Products Company (also known as McNeil Consumer Healthcare). The focus of McNeil medicals products is to market prescription drugs. In 1993 McNeil medicals products merged with the Ortho Pharmaceutical to form Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical. In 2001 McNeil Consumer Healthcare changed its name to McNeil Consumer & Specialty medicals products. However, it was later changed to "McNeil Consumer Healthcare". The company markets over-the-counter and prescription medicals products including complete lines of Tylenol and Motrin IB (ibuprofen) products for adults and children.
1959: Cilag[edit]
In 1933, Swiss chemist Bernhard Joos set up a small research laboratory in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936. In 1959, Cilag joined the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. In the early nineties the marketing organizations of Cilag and Janssen Pharmaceutica were joined to form Janssen-Cilag. The non-marketing activities of both companies still operate under their original name. Cilag continues to have operations under the Cilag name in Switzerland, ranging from research and development through manufacturing and international services. In August 2014 Cilag acquired Covagen a biopharmaceutical company which specialises in the development of multi-specific protein based therapeutics. As part of the acquisition Cilag wll gain access to Covagen’s lead drug candidate, COVA 322, a bi-specific anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha/anti-interleukin (IL)-17A FynomAb, is in a Phase Ib study for psoriasis.[12]
1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals[edit]
Janssen Pharmaceuticals can be traced back to 1933. In 1933 Constant Janssen, the father of Paul Janssen, acquired the right to distribute the pharmaceutical products of Richter, a Hungarian pharmaceutical company, for Belgium, the Netherlands and Belgian Congo. On 23 October 1934, he founded the N.V. Produkten Richter in Turnhout. After the Second World War, the name for the company products was changed to Eupharma, although the company name Richter would remain until 1956.[13]
Paul Janssen founded his own research laboratory in 1953 on the third floor of the building in the Statiestraat, still within the Richter-Eurpharma company of his father. On 5 April 1956, the name of the company was changed to NV Laboratoria Pharmaceutica C. Janssen (named after Constant Janssen). On 2 May 1958, the research department in Beerse became a separate legal entity, the N.V. Research Laboratorium C. Janssen. On 24 October 1961, the company was acquired by the American corporation Johnson & Johnson. On 10 February 1964, the name was changed to Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V. Between 1990 and 2004, Janssen Pharmaceuticals expanded worldwide, with the company grew in size to approximately 28000 employees worldwide. In 1999, clinical research and non-clinical development become a global organization within Johnson & Johnson. In 2001, part of the research activities was transferred to the United States with the reorganization of research activities in the Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development organization. The research activities of the Janssen Research Foundation and the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute were merged into the new global research organization. On 27 October 2004, the Paul Janssen Research Center, for discovery research, was inaugurated.
In August 2013, the company acquired Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. In November 2014, the company acquired Alios BioPharma, Inc. for $1.75 billion. As a result of the purchase, Alios was incorporated into the infectious diseases therapeutic area of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.[14] In March 2015, Janssen licensed Tipofarnib (a farnesyl transferase inhibitor) to Kura Oncology who will assume sole responsibility for developing and commercialising the anti-cancer drug.[15] Later in the same month the company announced that Galapagos Pharma and regained the rights to the anti-inflammatory drug candidate GLPG1690 as well as two other compounds including GLPG1205 (a first-in-class inhibitor of GPR84).[16] Finally, in March, the company acquired XO1 Limited [17] In November 2015, the company acquired Novira Therapeutics, Inc., gaining the lead candidate, NVR 3-778.[18]
1998: DePuy[edit]
DePuy was acquired by J&J in 1998, rolling it into the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices group. On June 14, 2012, Johnson and Johnson completed the acquisition of Synthes for $19.7 billion,[19] which was then integrated with the DePuy franchise to establish the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson which includes; Codman & Shurteff, Inc., DePuy Mitek, Inc., DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and DePuy Spine, Inc. In February 2015, DePuy announced it would acquire Olive Medical Corporation.[20] In May 2016, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. acquired Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., an industry leader in small bone fixation.[21]Later in December of the same year, DePuy Synthes announced it would acquire Pulsar Vascular Inc., adding Pulsar to its Codman division.[22]
In April 2017 Irish subsidiary; DePuy Ireland Unlimited Company announced it would acquire Neuravi, a company with a portfolio of products for hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes for an undisclosed sum, with Codman Neuro being behind the deal.[23][24] In June, DePuy Synthes Products, Inc. announced it would acquire Innovative Surgical Solutions, LLC (trading as Sentio, LLC) for an undisclosed sum, bolstering the company's technology for innovative nerve localisation in spinal surgery. [25]
1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.[edit]
Janssen Biotech, Inc., formerly known as Centocor Biotech, Inc., is a biotechnology company that was founded in Philadelphia in 1979. In 1982 Centocor transitioned into a publicly traded company. In 1999, Centocor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Since the acquisition, Janssen Biotech increased its annual sales from $500 million to more than $2 billion. During the same period, research and development investment increased from $75 million to more than $300 million. In 2008, Centocor, Inc. and Ortho Biotech Inc. merged to form Centocor Ortho Biotech Inc. In June 2010 Centocor Ortho Biotech acquired RespiVert, a privately held drug discovery company focused on developing small-molecule, inhaled therapies for the treatment of pulmonary diseases.[26] In June 2011 Centocor Ortho Biotech changed its name to Janssen Biotech, Inc. as part of a global effort to unite the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies around the world under a common identity. In December 2014, the company announced it would co-develop MacroGenics cancer drug candidate (MGD011) which targets both CD19 and CD3 proteins in treating B-cell malignant tumours. This could net MacroGenics up to $700 million.[27] In January 2015, the company announced it will utilise Isis Pharmaceuticals' RNA-targeting technology to discover and develop antisense drugs targeting autoimmune disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, with the partnership potentially generating up to $835 million for Isis.[28]
Ethicon, Inc[edit]
In 1915, George F. Merson opened a facility in Edinburgh for the manufacturing, packaging and sterilizing of catgut, silk and nylon sutures. Johnson & Johnson acquired Mr. Merson’s company in 1947, and this was renamed Ethicon Suture Laboratories.[29] In 1953 this became Ethicon Inc.[30] In 1992, Ethicon was restructured, and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. became a separate corporate entity. During the 1990s, Ethicon diversified into new and advanced products and technologies and formed four different companies under the Ethicon umbrella, each of which specialize in different products. In 2008 J&J announced it would acquire Mentor Corporation for $1 billion and merge its operations into Ethicon.[31] In March 2016, J&Js Ethicon business unit announced it would acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.[32] In January 2017, J&J subsidiary Ethicon announced it would acquire Megadyne Medical Products, Inc., a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets electrosurgical tools.[33] In February 2017, Ethicon acquired medical device manufacturer, Torax Medical for an undisclosed sum.[34]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.[edit]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery was part of Ethicon Inc. until 1992, when it became a separate corporate entity under the J&J umbrella.
Actelion[edit]
In January 2017, J&J fought off competition from Sanofi to acquire Swiss drugmaker Actelion. Later in the month J&J announced a $30 billion deal to purchase the Swiss company Actelion and to spin off its research and development unit, into a separate legal entity.[35][36] In March, the company declared its tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday, reporting that Janssen Holding GmbH controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period,[37] equating to 83,195,346 Actelion shares. In keeping with earlier agreements, the company annoucned its intention to delist Actelion, whilst spinning out its drug discovery operations and early-stage clinical development assets into a newly created Swiss-based biopharmaceutical company, Idorsia Ltd.[38] J&J will control 16% of Idorsia, with the ability to raise their stake to 32% through convertible notes.[39]
2010 onwards[edit]
In October 2010, J&J acquired Crucell for $2.4 billion.[40]
In November 2015, Biosense Webster, Inc. acquired Coherex Medical, Inc. expanding the companies range of treatment options for patients with atrial fibrillation.[41]
In July 2016, J&J announced its intention to acquire the privately held company, Vogue International LLC, boosting Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.[42] In September of the same year, J&J announced it would acquire Abbott Medical Optics from Abbott Laboratories for $4.325 billion, adding the new division into Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.[43]




J&J headquarters in Madrid, Spain.






Johnson & Johnson office in Ontario


Structure[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's structure, maintained though a number of mergers & acquisitions (this is not a comprehensive list):


Johnson & Johnson



Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.<br />Consumer Healthcare Division





Baby Care








Skin & Hair Care








Wound Care and Topicals








Oral Health Care








Women’s Health








Over-The-Counter Medicines








Nutritionals








Vogue International LLC












Medical Devices Division





Advanced Sterilization Products








Animas Corporation






Biosense Webster





Coherex Medical, Inc.












DePuy Synthes



Codman & Shurteff, Inc.





Pulsar Vascular Inc.








Neuravi














DePuy Mitek, Inc.






DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc.





Biomedical Enterprises, Inc.














DePuy Spine, Inc






DePuy Synthes Products, Inc





Sentio, LLC














Olive Medical Corporation












Ethicon, Inc.





Mentor








Acclarent








NeuWave Medical, Inc








Megadyne Medical Products, Inc.








Torax Medical














Janssen Diagnostics BVBA






Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.





Vistakon








Abbott Medical Optics














LifeScan, Inc.








Ethicon Endo-Surgery












Pharmaceuticals Division



Janssen Pharmaceutica



Cilag





Covagen














Janssen-Cilag








Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Alios BioPharma, Inc.








Novira Therapeutics, Inc.








Actelion












 

Janssen R&D LLC






 

Janssen Healthcare Innovation






Janssen Biotech, Inc.





Ortho Biotech Inc.








RespiVert












 

Janssen Therapeutics






 

Janssen Diagnostics






 

Janssen Scientific Affairs








Crucell






 

Janssen-Ortho








McNeil Nutritional LLC








Mead Johnson
(Sold to Reckitt Benckiser)


















Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of Johnson & Johnson are: Mary Sue Coleman, James G. Cullen, Dominic Caruso, Michael M.E. Johns, Ann Dibble Jordan, Arnold G. Langbo, Susan L. Lindquist, Leo F. Mullin, William Perez, Steven S. Reinemund, David Satcher, and William C. Weldon.[44]
Sandi Peterson has served as Group Worldwide Chairman since 2012.[45]
On top of Alex Gorsky and Sandi Peterson, current members of Executive Committees of Johnson & Johnson are: Dominic Caruso, Peter Fasolo, Paul Stoffels, and Michael Sneed.[46]
JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification[edit]
The company has historically been located on the Delaware and Raritan Canal in New Brunswick. The company considered moving its headquarters out of New Brunswick in the 1960s, but decided to stay in the town after city officials promised to gentrify downtown New Brunswick by demolishing old buildings and constructing new ones.
While New Brunswick lost at least one historic edifice (the inn where Rutgers University began) to the redevelopment, the gentrification did attract people back to New Brunswick. Johnson & Johnson hired Henry N. Cobb from Pei Cobb Freed & Partners to design an addition to its headquarters. The white tower in a park across the railroad tracks from the older portion of the headquarters in one of tallest buildings in New Brunswick.
The stretch of Delaware and Raritan canal by the company's headquarters was replaced by a stretch of Route 18 in the late 1970s,[47] after a lengthy dispute.[48] In 2002, the company released its plan of setting up Asia-Pacific information technology headquarters in New South Wales within five years.[49]
Chairmen[edit]

Robert Wood Johnson I (1887–1910)
James Wood Johnson (1910–1932)
Robert Wood Johnson II (1932–1963)
Philip B. Hofmann (1963–1973)
Richard B. Sellars (1973–1976)
James E. Burke (1976–1989)
Ralph S. Larsen (1989–2002)
William C. Weldon (2002–2012)
Alex Gorsky (2012–present)

Products[edit]
The company's business is divided into three major segments, Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, and Consumer Products. In 2015, these segments contributed 44.9%, 35.9%, and 19.3%, respectively, of the company's total revenues.[50]
Pharmaceuticals[edit]
The company's major franchises in the Pharmaceutical segment include Immunology, Neuroscience, Infectious Disease, and Oncology.
Immunology products include the anti-tumor necrosis factor antibodies Remicade (infliximab), and Simponi (golimumab) used for the treatment[51] of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease (Remicade only), ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis, and other disorders. In 2013, these two products accounted for 29% of Johnson and Johnson's pharmaceutical revenues, and 11.3% of the company's total revenues. A third immunology product, Stelara (ustekinumab), targets interleukin-12 and interleukin-23 and is used for the treatment of psoriasis.[52]
Key infectious diseases products include Incivio (telaprevir), a hepatitis C protease inhibitor; Intelence (Etravirine), a non-nucleoside HIV polymerase inhibitor; and Prezista (darunavir), an HIV protease inhibitor. Telaprevir sales are expected to decline due to the recent approval of treatment regimens that are more efficacious and much better tolerated. Etravirine and darunavir are notable for their high barriers to resistance development.[53][54] Darunavir in combination with HIV polymerase inhibitors is recommended as a first line treatment option for treatment naive persons with HIV infection[55] but etravirine is approved only for use in treatment-experienced patients, owing in part to its requirement for twice-daily dosing.
The company's CNS products include the ADHD drug Concerta (methylphenidate extended release), and the long-acting injectable antipsychotics Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) and Risperdal Consta (risperidone). Invega Sustenna and Risperdal Consta were the first widely utilized long-acting depot injections for the treatment of schizophrenia. Designed to address the issue of poor patient compliance with oral therapy, they are administered by intramuscular injection at intervals of 2 weeks and one month, respectively. Only minimal improvements in outcomes relative to the oral versions of these drugs were observed in the clinical trial setting, but some evidence suggests that the advantages of long-acting injections in clinical practice may be greater than is readily demonstrated in the environment of a clinical trial.[56][57][58]
Oncology products include Velcade (bortezomib), for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma[59] and Zytiga (abiraterone), an androgen antagonist for the treatment of prostate cancer. In clinical trials, abiraterone treatment was associated with a 4.6 to 5.2 survival advantage when used either before or after chemotherapy with platinum based drugs.[60] On December 31, 2012, the Food and Drug Administration approved Sirturo (bedaquiline), a Johnson & Johnson tuberculosis drug that is the first new medicine to fight the infection in more than forty years.[61]
Medical devices[edit]

Sectors in which the company is active[62] include:

Aesthetics (Ethicon, Mentor)
Arrhythmias (Biosense Webster)
Bariatric Surgery for Obesity (Ethicon)
Cardiovascular Disease (Biosense Webster, Inc.)
Diabetes Care (LifeScan, Animas Corporation)
Ear, Nose, and Throat Conditions (Acclarent)
General Surgery (Ethicon, Codman Neuro)
Hernia Surgery (Ethicon)
Insulin Delivery Devices (Animas)
Neurovascular Disease (Codman Neuro, DePuy Synthes)
Orthopaedics (DePuy Synthes): Joint Reconstruction, Trauma, Spine, Sports Medicine and Power Tools
Self-Measured Blood Glucose Monitors (LifeScan)
Surgical Instruments and Infection Prevention(Advanced Sterilization Products)
Urologic Surgery (Ethicon)
Vision Care (VISTAKON®)


Consumer health[edit]
Sectors in which the company is active[63] include:


Baby Care
Nutritionals
Oral Health Care
Over-the-Counter Medicines
Skin & Hair Care
Vision Care
Wound Care & Topicals


Environmental record[edit]
Johnson & Johnson has set several positive goals to keep the company environmentally friendly and was ranked third among the United States's largest companies in Newsweek's "Green Rankings".[64] Some examples are the reduction in water use, waste, and energy use and an increased level of transparency.[65] Johnson & Johnson agreed to change its packaging of plastic bottles used in the manufacturing process, switching their packaging of liquids to non-polycarbonate containers.[66] The corporation is working with the Climate Northwest Initiative and the EPA National Environmental Performance Track program.[67] As a member of the national Green Power Partnership, Johnson & Johnson operates the largest solar power generator in Pennsylvania at its site in Spring House, PA.[68]
Recalls and litigation[edit]
1982 Chicago Tylenol murders[edit]
Main article: Chicago Tylenol murders
On September 29, 1982, a "Tylenol scare" began when the first of seven individuals died in Chicago metropolitan area, after ingesting Extra Strength Tylenol that had been deliberately laced with cyanide.[69] Within a week, the company pulled 31 million bottles of capsules back from retailers, making it one of the first major recalls in American history.[69] The incident led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter substances and to federal anti-tampering laws. The case remains unsolved and no suspects have been charged. Johnson & Johnson's quick response, including a nationwide recall, was widely praised by public relations experts and the media and was the gold standard for corporate crisis management.[70][71][72]
2010 children's product recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 Johnson & Johnson children's product recall
On April 30, 2010, McNeil Consumer Healthcare, a subsidiary of Johnson and Johnson, voluntarily recalled 43 over-the-counter children's medicines, including Tylenol, Tylenol Plus, Motrin, Zyrtec and Benadryl. The recall was conducted after a routine inspection at a manufacturing facility in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, United States revealed that some "products may not fully meet the required manufacturing specifications".[73][74] Affected products may contain a "higher concentration of active ingredients" or exhibit other manufacturing defects.[74] Products shipped to Canada, Dominican Republic, Guam, Guatemala, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Panama, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Fiji were included in the recall.[73] In a statement, Johnson & Johnson said "a comprehensive quality assessment across its manufacturing operations" was underway.[73][74] A dedicated website was established by the company listing affected products and other consumer information.[74]
2010 hip-replacement recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 DePuy Hip Recall
On August 2009, 2010, DePuy, a subsidiary of American giant Johnson & Johnson, recalled its ASR (articular surface replacement) hip prostheses from the market. DePuy said the recall was due to unpublished National Joint Registry data showing a 12% revision rate for resurfacing at five years and an ASR XL revision rate of 13%. All hip prostheses fail in some patients, but it is expected that the rate will be about 1% a year.[75] Pathologically, the failing prosthesis had several effects. Metal debris from wear of the implant led to a reaction that destroyed the soft tissues surrounding the joint, leaving some patients with long term disability. Ions of cobalt and chromium—the metals from which the implant was made—were also released into the blood and cerebral spinal fluid in some patients.[76]
In March 2013, a jury in Los Angeles ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay more than $8.3 million in damages to a Montana man in the first of more than 10,000 lawsuits pending against the company in connection with the now-recalled DePuy hip.[77]
Some lawyers and industry analysts have estimated that the suits ultimately will cost Johnson & Johnson billions of dollars to resolve.[77]
2010 Tylenol recall[edit]
In 2010 and 2011, Johnson & Johnson voluntarily recalled some over-the-counter products including Tylenol due to an odor caused by tribromoanisole.[78][79] In this case, 2,4,6-tribromophenol was used to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored.[78]
Shareholders lawsuit[edit]
In 2010 a group of shareholders sued the board for allegedly failing to take action to prevent serious failings and illegalities since the 1990s, including manufacturing problems, bribing officials, covering up adverse effects and misleading marketing for unapproved uses. The judge initially dismissed the case in September 2011, but allowed the plaintiffs opportunity to refile at a later time.[80] In 2012 Johnson and Johnson proposed a settlement with the shareholders, whereby the company would institute new oversight, quality and compliance procedures binding for five years.[81]
Illegal marketing of Risperdal[edit]
Juries in several US states have found J&J guilty of concealing the adverse effects of Janssen Pharmaceuticals' antipsychotic medication Risperdal, produced by its unit, in order to promote it to doctors and patients as better than cheaper generics, and of falsely marketing it for treating patients with dementia.[82] States that have awarded damages include Texas ($158 million), South Carolina ($327 million), Louisiana ($258 million), and most notably Arkansas ($1.2 billion).[83]
In 2010, the United States Department of Justice joined a whistleblowers suit accusing the company of illegally marketing Risperdal through Omnicare, the largest company supplying pharmaceuticals to nursing homes.[84][85] The allegations include that J&J were warned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) not to promote Risperdal as effective and safe for elderly patients, but they did so, and that they paid Omnicare to promote the drug to care home physicians.[86] The settlement was finalized on November 4, 2013, with J&J agreeing to pay a penalty of around $2.2 billion, "including criminal fines and forfeiture totaling $485 million and civil settlements with the federal government and states totaling $1.72 billion."[87]
Johnson & Johnson has also been subject to congressional investigations related to payments given to psychiatrists to promote its products and ghost write articles, notably Joseph Biederman and his pediatric bipolar disorder research unit.[88]
Foreign bribery[edit]
In 2011, J&J settled litigation brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; J&J paid around $70M in disgorgement and fines.[89] J&J's employees had given kickbacks and bribes to doctors in Greece, Poland, Romania to obtain business selling drugs and medical devices, and had bribed officials in Iraq to win contracts under the Oil for Food program.[90] J&J fully cooperated with the investigation once the problems came to light.[91]
Consumer Fraud Settlements[edit]
In May 2017, J&J reached an agreement to pay $33 million to several states to settle consumer fraud allegations in some of the company’s over-the-counter drugs.[92][93][94]
Use of the Red Cross symbol[edit]




Flag of the Red Cross


Further information: Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement § Use of the emblems
Johnson & Johnson registered the Red Cross as a U.S. trademark for "medicinal and surgical plasters" in 1905 and has used the design since 1887.[95] The Geneva Conventions, which reserved the Red Cross emblem for specific uses, were first approved in 1864 and ratified by the United States in 1882; however, the emblem was not protected by U.S. law for the use of the American Red Cross and the U.S. military until after Johnson & Johnson had obtained its trademark. A clause in this law (now 18 U.S.C. 706) permits this pre-existing uses of the Red Cross to continue.
A declaration made by the U.S. upon its ratification of the 1949 Geneva Conventions includes a reservation that pre-1905 U.S. domestic uses of the Red Cross, such as Johnson & Johnson's, would remain lawful as long as the cross is not used on "aircraft, vessels, vehicles, buildings or other structures, or upon the ground," i.e. uses which could be confused with its military uses.[96] This means that the U.S. did not agree to any interpretation of the 1949 Geneva Conventions that would overrule Johnson & Johnson's trademark. The American Red Cross continues to recognize the validity of Johnson & Johnson's trademark.[97]
In August 2007, Johnson & Johnson filed a lawsuit against the American Red Cross (ARC), demanding that the charity halt the use of the red cross symbol on products it sells to the public, though the company takes no issue with the charity's use of the mark for non-profit purposes.[98] In May 2008, the judge in the case dismissed most of Johnson & Johnson's claims, and a month later the two organizations announced a settlement had been reached in which both parties would continue to use the symbol.[99]
Boston Scientific lawsuits[edit]
Since 2003, Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific have both claimed that the other had infringed on their patents covering heart stent medical devices. The litigation was settled when Boston Scientific agreed to pay $716 million to Johnson & Johnson in September 2009 and an additional $1.73 billion in February 2010.[100] Their dispute was renewed in 2014, now on the grounds of a contract dispute.[101]
Patent-infringement case against Abbott[edit]
In 2007, Johnson & Johnson sued Abbott Laboratories over the development and sale of the arthritis drug Humira. Johnson & Johnson claimed that Abbott used technology patented by New York University and licensed exclusively to Johnson & Johnson's Centocor division to develop Humira. Johnson & Johnson won the court case, and in 2009 Abbott was ordered to pay Johnson & Johnson $1.17 billion in lost revenues and $504 million in royalties.[102] The judge also added $175.6 million in interest to bring the total to $1.84 billion.[103] This was the largest patent-infringement award in U.S. history[102] until the 2013 decision against Teva in favor of Takeda and Pfizer for over 2.1 billion dollars.[104] Abbott has since successfully reversed the verdict at appeal.[105]
Baby powder[edit]
In February 2016, J&J was ordered to pay $72 million in damages to the family of Jacqueline Fox, a 62-year-old woman who died of ovarian cancer in 2015.[106] She had been sprinkling Johnson's Baby Powder on her underwear nearly every day since she was a teenager. J&J claimed that the safety of cosmetic talc is supported by decades of scientific evidence and it plans to appeal the verdict. The British charity, Ovacome was quoted as saying that while there were 16 studies which showed that using talc increased the risk of ovarian cancer by around a third, and a 2013 review of US studies had similar results for genital, but not general, talcum powder use they were not convinced that the results were reliable. Furthermore, Ovacome said, "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk."[106]
By March 2017, over 1,000 U.S. women had sued J&J for covering up the possible cancer risk from its Baby Powder product; the company says that 70 percent of its Baby Powder is used by adults.[107]
See also[edit]


New Jersey portal
Companies portal
Medicine portal



Frederick Barnett Kilmer – Director of Scientific Laboratories from 1889 to 1934.
Zodiac – Historic schooner built for the Johnson family heirs.


References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Johnson & Johnson 2016 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 5, 2016. 
^ anonymous. "VisionCare Corporate - Our History". jnjvc.com. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/1709744668x0x881109/474857DD-8E67-43B1-BB38-0A9712D93545/2015_annual_report_.pdf "Johnson & Johnson 2015 Annual Report � Johnson & Johnson"] (PDF). www.jnj.com. February 24, 2016. Retrieved September 28, 2016.  replacement character in |title= at position 38 (help)
^ "J&J Company Structure - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Consumer Health Care". 
^ "Medical Devices". 
^ "Pharmaceutical Companies - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Horner, Shirley (February 15, 1987). "About Books". The New York Times. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ Conniff, Richard. The Natural History of the Rich: A Field Guide. W. W. Norton. p. 126. 
^ "Crazier then You and Me". New York Magazine. February 23, 1987: 129. 
^ Singer, Natasha (June 3, 2010). "Robert L. McNeil Jr., Chemist Who Introduced Tylenol, Dies at 94". The New York Times. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "Janssen Affiliate Cilag Acquires Covagen". GEN. 
^ Lopez-Munoz, Francisco; Alamo, Cecilio (2009). "The Consolidation of Neuroleptic Therapy: Janssen, the Discovery of Haloperidol and Its Introduction into Clinical Practice". Brain Research Bulletin. 79: 130–141. PMID 19186209. doi:10.1016/j.brainresbull.2009.01.005. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion Of Alios Biopharma Acquisition". Janssen. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Kura Oncology Licenses Janssen's Tipofarnib in Cancer". GEN. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Galapagos Regains Rights to GLPG1690 from Janssen". GEN. 
^ "Janssen Acquires XO1 Limited". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement To Acquire Novira Therapeutics, Inc.". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Synthes Acquisition". 
^ "Depuy Synthes Companies Acquires Olive Medical Corporation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Companies Announces Acquisition Of Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., A Leader In Small Bone Fixation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Codman Neuro Announces Acquisition Of Pulsar Vascular Inc., Expanding Neurovascular Treatment For Patients With Complex Aneurysms - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Ltd, Insider Media. "Johnson & Johnson moves for Irish medical firm". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson buys Irish stroke care firm in multimillion euro deal". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Announces Acquisition of Sentio, LLC to Enable Innovation in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery - Johnson & Johnson". www.jnj.com.  line feed character in |title= at position 72 (help)
^ http://www.infogrok.com/index.php/pharmaceutical/centocor-ortho-biotech-acquires-respivert.html
^ "Janssen Joins MacroGenics in Up-to-$700M Cancer Collaboration". GEN. 
^ "Janssen, Isis Pharma Ink Up-to-$835M Antisense Agreement". GEN. 
^ "ETHICON History". www.ethiconproducts.co.uk. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "A history of advancing surgery". www.ethicon.com. Ethicon U.S., LLC. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Mentor Corporation". 
^ "Ethicon Announces Agreement To Acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.". FierceMedicalDevices. 
^ "Ethicon Announces Acquisition of Megadyne Medical Products, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson subsidiary buys Torax Medical". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson to buy Actelion for $30 billion, spin off R&D unit". Reuters. 26 January 2017. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Roland, Denise; D. Rockoff, Jonathan (January 26, 2017), Johnson & Johnson to Acquire Actelion in $30 Billion Deal, Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 27, 2017 
^ "BRIEF-Johnson & Johnson says Janssen Holding to acquire all publicly held shares of Actelion for $280 per share". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "J&J declares Actelion tender offer a success, sees closing in second quarter". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Declares $30B Actelion Tender Successful; Controls 77.% of Voting Rights". 
^ Eva von Schaper; Ellen Gibson (6 October 2010). "J&J, Crucell Reach Agreement on $2.4 Billion Takeover". Bloomberg.com. 
^ "Biosense Webster, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Coherex Medical, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Acquisition of Vogue International LLC - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement to Acquire Abbott Medical Optics - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Board of Directors". jnj.com. 
^ "Sandra E. Peterson to Join Johnson & Johnson as Group Worldwide Chairman and Member of the Executive Committee". Pharma Business Week. 24 September 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Our Leadership Team - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ 2 Long-Disputed Projects to Begin, The New York Times, July 9, 1977
^ Old Raritan Canal Lock Is Focus of a Classic Dispute, The New York Times, April 16, 1977.
^ "JOHNSON & JOHNSON ASIA-PACIFIC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HEADQUARTERS". March 14, 2002. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ "Downloads" (PDF). files.shareholder.com. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ Ruela Corrêa JC, D'Arcy DM, dos Reis Serra CH, Nunes Salgado HR (2012). "Darunavir: a critical review of its properties, use and drug interactions". Pharmacology. 90 (1-2): 102–9. PMID 22797653. doi:10.1159/000339862. 
^ "Wikipedia template filling". Tools.wmflabs.org. Retrieved 2014-05-29. 
^ "aidsinfo.nih.gov" (PDF). 
^ Kaplan G, Casoy J, Zummo J (2013). "Impact of long-acting injectable antipsychotics on medication adherence and clinical, functional, and economic outcomes of schizophrenia". Patient Prefer Adherence. 7: 1171–80. PMC 3833623 . PMID 24265549. doi:10.2147/PPA.S53795. 
^ Kane JM, Kishimoto T, Correll CU (August 2013). "Assessing the comparative effectiveness of long-acting injectable vs. oral antipsychotic medications in the prevention of relapse provides a case study in comparative effectiveness research in psychiatry". J Clin Epidemiol. 66 (8 Suppl): S37–41. PMID 23849151. doi:10.1016/j.jclinepi.2013.01.012. 
^ Fusar-Poli P, Kempton MJ, Rosenheck RA (March 2013). "Efficacy and safety of second-generation long-acting injections in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials". Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 28 (2): 57–66. PMID 23165366. doi:10.1097/YIC.0b013e32835b091f. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "FDA Approves 1st New Tuberculosis Drug in 40 Years". ABC News. Retrieved December 31, 2012. 
^ "Healthcare products - Medical technologies". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Healthcare products - consumer". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Green Rankings". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Official Site". Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Environment New Service, December 8, 2004. Retrieved May 4, 2008
^ "Coop America". March 27, 2008. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ "Department of Environmental Protection". Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Judith Rehak (March 23, 2002). "Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all". The New York Times. 
^ Toyota, what's so hard about doing the right thing?, Los Angeles Times, February 11, 2010
^ Jennifer Latson for Time Magazine Sept. 29, 2014 How Poisoned Tylenol Became a Crisis-Management Teaching Model
^ Judith Rehak for The New York Times. March 23, 2002 Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all
^ a b c "US firm recalls children's drugs". Aljazeera. May 1, 2010. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ a b c d Watts, Alex (May 2, 2010). "Warning As Baby Medicines Are Recalled". Sky News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Deborah Cohen (May 14, 2011). "Out of joint: The story of the ASR". 
^ "FDA. Concerns about metal-on-metal hip implant systems. 2011". 2011. 
^ a b Meier, Barry (March 8, 2013). "J.&J. Loses First Case Over Faulty Hip Implant". New York Times. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ a b Tylenol Recall Expands, WebMD Health News, January 18, 2010
^ "McNeil Consumer Healthcare Announces Voluntary Recall Of One Product Lot Of TYLENOL® Extra Strength Caplets 225 Count Distributed In The U.S.". 
^ "10-cv-2033, D. NJ., Sept. 29, 2011" (PDF). 
^ J&J, shareholders reach tentative deal in lawsuit By LINDA A. JOHNSON AP Business Writer / July 12, 2012
^ Gregory Wallace (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to pay $2 billion for false marketing". CNN Money. Retrieved November 6, 2013. 
^ J.&J. Fined $1.2 Billion in Drug Case NY Times, By KATIE THOMAS Published: April 11, 2012
^ Hilzenrath, David S. (January 16, 2010). "Justice suit accuses Johnson & Johnson of paying kickbacks". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ Singer, Natasha (January 15, 2010). "Johnson & Johnson Accused of Drug Kickbacks". The New York Times. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ J&J Said to Agree to $2.2 Billion Drug Marketing Accord Bloomberg News. By Margaret Cronin Fisk, Jef Feeley & David Voreacos – June 11, 2012
^ Office of Public Affairs, Department of Justice (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to Pay More Than $2.2 Billion to Resolve Criminal and Civil Investigations". United States Department of Justice. Retrieved 16 June 2015. 
^ Research Center Tied to Drug Company By Gardiner Harris, The New York Times, 2008
^ "Johnson & Johnson". www.sec.gov. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "J&J settles U.S., UK bribery, kickback charges". Reuters. April 8, 2011. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "SEC Charges Johnson & Johnson With Foreign Bribery". SEC. April 7, 2011. 
^ "J&J Reaches $33 Million Settlement with States". DrugWatch. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ Reuters (2017-05-24). "Johnson & Johnson settles drug manufacturing probe by US states for $33 million". The Economic Times. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "UPDATE 1-J&J settles drug manufacturing probe by U.S. states for $33 mln". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "Trademark Status & Document Retrieval". uspto.gov. 
^ U.S. reservations to the 1949 Geneva Conventions (International Committee of the Red Cross website)
^ American Red Cross Defends Use of Emblem and Mission (American Red Cross press release, August 10, 2007)
^ "Red Cross Is Sued by J&J Over Signature Emblem" The Wall Street Journal August 9, 2007
^ Stephanie Saul (June 18, 2008). "Claim Over Red Cross Symbol Is Settled". The New York Times. 
^ Boston Scientific to Pay J&J $1.73B to Settle Stent Patent Disputes, The Wall Street Journal, February 2, 2010
^ J&J seeks over $5 billion in damages from Boston Scientific at trial. Reuters, 19 November 2014
^ a b Abbott Told to Pay Record $1.67 billion Award to J&J, Bloomberg News, June 29, 2009
^ Abbott Challenges $1.67 billion Patent Loss to J&J Over Humira, Bloomberg News, November 2, 2010
^ Pfizer, Takeda to Get $2.15 Billion Settlement, WSJ, 6 12 2013
^ "Bloomberg Business". Bloomberg.com. 
^ a b "Johnson & Johnson hit with $72m damages in talc-cancer case". BBC News. 24 February 2016. Retrieved 24 February 2016. 
^ Johnson & Johnson Has a Baby Powder Problem Bloomberg, Retrieved April 20, 2017.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Johnson & Johnson.



Official website





Business data for Johnson & Johnson: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Johnson & Johnson



CEOs and presidents

Current: Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO

Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Robert Wood Johnson II
Robert Wood Johnson III
Philip B. Hofmann
Richard B. Sellars
James E. Burke
Ralph S. Larsen





Selected subsidiaries



ALZA Corporation
Cilag
Crucell
DePuy, Inc.
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.
Ethicon, Inc.
Independence Technology, LLC
J&J PRD
Janssen Biotech
Janssen Pharmaceutica
LifeScan
McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals
McNeil Nutritionals
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical
Ortho-Neutrogena
Penaten
Tibotec





Major brands



Acuvue
Aveeno
Band-Aid
Benadryl
Benecol (US license)
Caladryl
Clean & Clear
Desitin
Imodium
Johnson's Baby
Lactaid
Listerine
Motrin
Mylanta
Mylicon
Neosporin
Neutrogena
OneTouch
Pepcid
Plax
Rembrandt
Splenda
Sudafed
Tylenol
Visine








Annual revenue: US$74.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Annual net income: US$16.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Employees: 118,700












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


New Brunswick, New Jersey



History and Architecture



Buccleuch Mansion
Delaware and Raritan Canal
Henry Guest House
National Register of Historic Places
Queens Campus
Tallest buildings
Voorhees Mall
Willow Grove Cemetery





Arts and Entertainment



Crossroads Theatre
George Street Playhouse
Grease trucks
Hungarian Festival
Mason Gross School of the Arts
Music scene
New Jersey Film Festival
New Jersey Folk Festival
State Theatre
The Stress Factory
Zimmerli Museum of Fine Art
World Straight Pool Championship





Government and Education



Civic Square
Middlesex County College
New Brunswick Free Public Library
New Brunswick Main Post Office
New Brunswick Public Schools
Rutgers University
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
Robert Wood Johnson Medical School





Economy and Healthcare



Bristol-Myers Squibb
Cancer Institute of New Jersey
Hoagland Longo
Johnson & Johnson
Magyar Bank
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital
Saint Peter's University Hospital





Parks and Recreation



Boyd Park
Buccleuch Park
Delaware and Raritan Canal
East Jersey Olde Towne Village
Feaster Park
Johnson Park
Lawrence Brook
Lincoln Park
Mile Run
Raritan Landing
Rutgers Gardens
Westons Mill Pond





Transportation



Jersey Avenue Station
New Brunswick Station
New Jersey Transit buses
Rutgers Campus Buses
Suburban Trails
Route 18
Route 27
Route 91
Route 172





Neighborhoods



Civic Square
Edgebrook
Feaster Park
Fifth Ward
Lincoln Park
Livingston Avenue Historic District
Queens Campus
Raritan Gardens
Westons Mills






Coordinates: 40°29′55″N 74°26′37″W﻿ / ﻿40.49861°N 74.44361°W﻿ / 40.49861; -74.44361



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 157894482
LCCN: no94000514
ISNI: 0000 0001 2113 0582
GND: 272550-2
SUDOC: 175113343










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnson_%26_Johnson&oldid=791473915"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1886 establishments in New JerseyCompanies based in New Brunswick, New JerseyAmerican companies established in 1886Dental companiesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageJohnson & JohnsonMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesBuildings and structures in New Brunswick, New JerseyPersonal care companiesPharmaceutical companies based in New JerseyOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industryConglomerate companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 1886Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse American English from October 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2015Coordinates not on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБългарскиČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 14:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnson & Johnson - Wikipedia






















 






Johnson & Johnson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Johnson + Johnson)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with S. C. Johnson & Son.

Johnson & Johnson





J&J headquarters at One Johnson & Johnson Plaza in New Brunswick, New Jersey




Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: JNJ
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US4781601046


Industry



Medical equipment
Pharmaceutical





Founded
January 1886; 131 years ago (1886-01)
New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.


Founders



Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Edward Mead Johnson





Headquarters
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alex Gorsky (Chairman and CEO)


Products
See list of Johnson & Johnson products


Revenue
 US$71.89 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$19.80 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$16.54 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$133.41 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$71.15 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

127,100 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Vistakon[2]
Neutrogena
DePuy





Website
www.jnj.com


Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company founded in 1886. Its common stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the company is listed among the Fortune 500.
Johnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in 60 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson had worldwide sales of $70.1 billion during calendar year 2015.[3]
Johnson & Johnson's brands include numerous household names of medications and first aid supplies. Among its well-known consumer products are the Band-Aid Brand line of bandages, Tylenol medications, Johnson's baby products, Neutrogena skin and beauty products, Clean & Clear facial wash and Acuvue contact lenses.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Foundation and early history
1.2 1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
1.3 1959: Cilag
1.4 1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals
1.5 1998: DePuy
1.6 1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.
1.7 Ethicon, Inc

1.7.1 Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.


1.8 Actelion
1.9 2010 onwards
1.10 Structure


2 Corporate governance
3 JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification

3.1 Chairmen


4 Products

4.1 Pharmaceuticals
4.2 Medical devices
4.3 Consumer health


5 Environmental record
6 Recalls and litigation

6.1 1982 Chicago Tylenol murders
6.2 2010 children's product recall
6.3 2010 hip-replacement recall
6.4 2010 Tylenol recall
6.5 Shareholders lawsuit
6.6 Illegal marketing of Risperdal
6.7 Foreign bribery
6.8 Consumer Fraud Settlements
6.9 Use of the Red Cross symbol
6.10 Boston Scientific lawsuits
6.11 Patent-infringement case against Abbott
6.12 Baby powder


7 See also
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Johnson & Johnson operates over 250 companies in what is termed "the Johnson & Johnson family of companies".[4] The company operates in three broad divisions; Consumer Healthcare, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals.


Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies


Consumer Healthcare[5]
Medical Devices[6]
Pharmaceuticals[7]


Baby Care
Skin & Hair Care
Wound Care and Topicals
Oral Health Care
Women’s Health
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Over-The-Counter Medicines
Nutritionals
Advanced Sterilization Products
Animas Corporation
Biosense Webster
DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson
Ethicon, Inc.
Janssen Diagnostics BVBA
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.
LifeScan, Inc.
Mentor
Janssen
Janssen R&D LLC
Janssen Healthcare Innovation
Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc
Janssen Diagnostics
Janssen Therapeutics
Janssen Scientific Affairs
McNeil-PPC, Inc


Foundation and early history[edit]




Robert Wood Johnson


Inspired by a speech by antiseptic advocate Joseph Lister, Robert Wood Johnson joined his brothers James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson to create a line of ready-to-use surgical dressings in 1885. The company produced its first products in 1886 and incorporated in 1887.
Robert Wood Johnson served as the first president of the company. He worked to improve sanitation practices in the nineteenth century, and lent his name to a hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Upon his death in 1910, he was succeeded in the presidency by his brother James Wood Johnson until 1932, and then by his son, Robert Wood Johnson II.
Robert Wood Johnson's granddaughter, Mary Lea Johnson Richards, was the first baby to appear on a Johnson & Johnson baby powder label.[8][9][10] His great-grandson, Jamie Johnson, made a documentary called Born Rich about the experience of growing up as the heir to one of the world's greatest fortunes.

1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare[edit]
McNeil Consumer Healthcare was founded on March 16, 1879 by 23-year-old Robert McNeil. In 1904, one of McNeil's sons, Robert Lincoln McNeil, became part of the company and together they created McNeil Laboratories in 1933. The company focused on direct marketing of prescription drugs to hospitals, pharmacists, and doctors. Development of acetaminophen began under the leadership of Robert L. McNeil, Jr., who later served as the firm's chairman.[11] In 1959, Johnson & Johnson acquired McNeil Laboratories and a year later the company was able to sell Tylenol for the first time ever, without a prescription. In 1977, two subsidiary companies were created; McNeil medicals products and McNeil Consumer Products Company (also known as McNeil Consumer Healthcare). The focus of McNeil medicals products is to market prescription drugs. In 1993 McNeil medicals products merged with the Ortho Pharmaceutical to form Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical. In 2001 McNeil Consumer Healthcare changed its name to McNeil Consumer & Specialty medicals products. However, it was later changed to "McNeil Consumer Healthcare". The company markets over-the-counter and prescription medicals products including complete lines of Tylenol and Motrin IB (ibuprofen) products for adults and children.
1959: Cilag[edit]
In 1933, Swiss chemist Bernhard Joos set up a small research laboratory in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936. In 1959, Cilag joined the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. In the early nineties the marketing organizations of Cilag and Janssen Pharmaceutica were joined to form Janssen-Cilag. The non-marketing activities of both companies still operate under their original name. Cilag continues to have operations under the Cilag name in Switzerland, ranging from research and development through manufacturing and international services. In August 2014 Cilag acquired Covagen a biopharmaceutical company which specialises in the development of multi-specific protein based therapeutics. As part of the acquisition Cilag wll gain access to Covagen’s lead drug candidate, COVA 322, a bi-specific anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha/anti-interleukin (IL)-17A FynomAb, is in a Phase Ib study for psoriasis.[12]
1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals[edit]
Janssen Pharmaceuticals can be traced back to 1933. In 1933 Constant Janssen, the father of Paul Janssen, acquired the right to distribute the pharmaceutical products of Richter, a Hungarian pharmaceutical company, for Belgium, the Netherlands and Belgian Congo. On 23 October 1934, he founded the N.V. Produkten Richter in Turnhout. After the Second World War, the name for the company products was changed to Eupharma, although the company name Richter would remain until 1956.[13]
Paul Janssen founded his own research laboratory in 1953 on the third floor of the building in the Statiestraat, still within the Richter-Eurpharma company of his father. On 5 April 1956, the name of the company was changed to NV Laboratoria Pharmaceutica C. Janssen (named after Constant Janssen). On 2 May 1958, the research department in Beerse became a separate legal entity, the N.V. Research Laboratorium C. Janssen. On 24 October 1961, the company was acquired by the American corporation Johnson & Johnson. On 10 February 1964, the name was changed to Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V. Between 1990 and 2004, Janssen Pharmaceuticals expanded worldwide, with the company grew in size to approximately 28000 employees worldwide. In 1999, clinical research and non-clinical development become a global organization within Johnson & Johnson. In 2001, part of the research activities was transferred to the United States with the reorganization of research activities in the Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development organization. The research activities of the Janssen Research Foundation and the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute were merged into the new global research organization. On 27 October 2004, the Paul Janssen Research Center, for discovery research, was inaugurated.
In August 2013, the company acquired Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. In November 2014, the company acquired Alios BioPharma, Inc. for $1.75 billion. As a result of the purchase, Alios was incorporated into the infectious diseases therapeutic area of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.[14] In March 2015, Janssen licensed Tipofarnib (a farnesyl transferase inhibitor) to Kura Oncology who will assume sole responsibility for developing and commercialising the anti-cancer drug.[15] Later in the same month the company announced that Galapagos Pharma and regained the rights to the anti-inflammatory drug candidate GLPG1690 as well as two other compounds including GLPG1205 (a first-in-class inhibitor of GPR84).[16] Finally, in March, the company acquired XO1 Limited [17] In November 2015, the company acquired Novira Therapeutics, Inc., gaining the lead candidate, NVR 3-778.[18]
1998: DePuy[edit]
DePuy was acquired by J&J in 1998, rolling it into the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices group. On June 14, 2012, Johnson and Johnson completed the acquisition of Synthes for $19.7 billion,[19] which was then integrated with the DePuy franchise to establish the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson which includes; Codman & Shurteff, Inc., DePuy Mitek, Inc., DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and DePuy Spine, Inc. In February 2015, DePuy announced it would acquire Olive Medical Corporation.[20] In May 2016, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. acquired Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., an industry leader in small bone fixation.[21]Later in December of the same year, DePuy Synthes announced it would acquire Pulsar Vascular Inc., adding Pulsar to its Codman division.[22]
In April 2017 Irish subsidiary; DePuy Ireland Unlimited Company announced it would acquire Neuravi, a company with a portfolio of products for hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes for an undisclosed sum, with Codman Neuro being behind the deal.[23][24] In June, DePuy Synthes Products, Inc. announced it would acquire Innovative Surgical Solutions, LLC (trading as Sentio, LLC) for an undisclosed sum, bolstering the company's technology for innovative nerve localisation in spinal surgery. [25]
1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.[edit]
Janssen Biotech, Inc., formerly known as Centocor Biotech, Inc., is a biotechnology company that was founded in Philadelphia in 1979. In 1982 Centocor transitioned into a publicly traded company. In 1999, Centocor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Since the acquisition, Janssen Biotech increased its annual sales from $500 million to more than $2 billion. During the same period, research and development investment increased from $75 million to more than $300 million. In 2008, Centocor, Inc. and Ortho Biotech Inc. merged to form Centocor Ortho Biotech Inc. In June 2010 Centocor Ortho Biotech acquired RespiVert, a privately held drug discovery company focused on developing small-molecule, inhaled therapies for the treatment of pulmonary diseases.[26] In June 2011 Centocor Ortho Biotech changed its name to Janssen Biotech, Inc. as part of a global effort to unite the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies around the world under a common identity. In December 2014, the company announced it would co-develop MacroGenics cancer drug candidate (MGD011) which targets both CD19 and CD3 proteins in treating B-cell malignant tumours. This could net MacroGenics up to $700 million.[27] In January 2015, the company announced it will utilise Isis Pharmaceuticals' RNA-targeting technology to discover and develop antisense drugs targeting autoimmune disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, with the partnership potentially generating up to $835 million for Isis.[28]
Ethicon, Inc[edit]
In 1915, George F. Merson opened a facility in Edinburgh for the manufacturing, packaging and sterilizing of catgut, silk and nylon sutures. Johnson & Johnson acquired Mr. Merson’s company in 1947, and this was renamed Ethicon Suture Laboratories.[29] In 1953 this became Ethicon Inc.[30] In 1992, Ethicon was restructured, and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. became a separate corporate entity. During the 1990s, Ethicon diversified into new and advanced products and technologies and formed four different companies under the Ethicon umbrella, each of which specialize in different products. In 2008 J&J announced it would acquire Mentor Corporation for $1 billion and merge its operations into Ethicon.[31] In March 2016, J&Js Ethicon business unit announced it would acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.[32] In January 2017, J&J subsidiary Ethicon announced it would acquire Megadyne Medical Products, Inc., a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets electrosurgical tools.[33] In February 2017, Ethicon acquired medical device manufacturer, Torax Medical for an undisclosed sum.[34]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.[edit]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery was part of Ethicon Inc. until 1992, when it became a separate corporate entity under the J&J umbrella.
Actelion[edit]
In January 2017, J&J fought off competition from Sanofi to acquire Swiss drugmaker Actelion. Later in the month J&J announced a $30 billion deal to purchase the Swiss company Actelion and to spin off its research and development unit, into a separate legal entity.[35][36] In March, the company declared its tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday, reporting that Janssen Holding GmbH controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period,[37] equating to 83,195,346 Actelion shares. In keeping with earlier agreements, the company annoucned its intention to delist Actelion, whilst spinning out its drug discovery operations and early-stage clinical development assets into a newly created Swiss-based biopharmaceutical company, Idorsia Ltd.[38] J&J will control 16% of Idorsia, with the ability to raise their stake to 32% through convertible notes.[39]
2010 onwards[edit]
In October 2010, J&J acquired Crucell for $2.4 billion.[40]
In November 2015, Biosense Webster, Inc. acquired Coherex Medical, Inc. expanding the companies range of treatment options for patients with atrial fibrillation.[41]
In July 2016, J&J announced its intention to acquire the privately held company, Vogue International LLC, boosting Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.[42] In September of the same year, J&J announced it would acquire Abbott Medical Optics from Abbott Laboratories for $4.325 billion, adding the new division into Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.[43]




J&J headquarters in Madrid, Spain.






Johnson & Johnson office in Ontario


Structure[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's structure, maintained though a number of mergers & acquisitions (this is not a comprehensive list):


Johnson & Johnson



Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.<br />Consumer Healthcare Division





Baby Care








Skin & Hair Care








Wound Care and Topicals








Oral Health Care








Women’s Health








Over-The-Counter Medicines








Nutritionals








Vogue International LLC












Medical Devices Division





Advanced Sterilization Products








Animas Corporation






Biosense Webster





Coherex Medical, Inc.












DePuy Synthes



Codman & Shurteff, Inc.





Pulsar Vascular Inc.








Neuravi














DePuy Mitek, Inc.






DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc.





Biomedical Enterprises, Inc.














DePuy Spine, Inc






DePuy Synthes Products, Inc





Sentio, LLC














Olive Medical Corporation












Ethicon, Inc.





Mentor








Acclarent








NeuWave Medical, Inc








Megadyne Medical Products, Inc.








Torax Medical














Janssen Diagnostics BVBA






Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.





Vistakon








Abbott Medical Optics














LifeScan, Inc.








Ethicon Endo-Surgery












Pharmaceuticals Division



Janssen Pharmaceutica



Cilag





Covagen














Janssen-Cilag








Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Alios BioPharma, Inc.








Novira Therapeutics, Inc.








Actelion












 

Janssen R&D LLC






 

Janssen Healthcare Innovation






Janssen Biotech, Inc.





Ortho Biotech Inc.








RespiVert












 

Janssen Therapeutics






 

Janssen Diagnostics






 

Janssen Scientific Affairs








Crucell






 

Janssen-Ortho








McNeil Nutritional LLC








Mead Johnson
(Sold to Reckitt Benckiser)


















Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of Johnson & Johnson are: Mary Sue Coleman, James G. Cullen, Dominic Caruso, Michael M.E. Johns, Ann Dibble Jordan, Arnold G. Langbo, Susan L. Lindquist, Leo F. Mullin, William Perez, Steven S. Reinemund, David Satcher, and William C. Weldon.[44]
Sandi Peterson has served as Group Worldwide Chairman since 2012.[45]
On top of Alex Gorsky and Sandi Peterson, current members of Executive Committees of Johnson & Johnson are: Dominic Caruso, Peter Fasolo, Paul Stoffels, and Michael Sneed.[46]
JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification[edit]
The company has historically been located on the Delaware and Raritan Canal in New Brunswick. The company considered moving its headquarters out of New Brunswick in the 1960s, but decided to stay in the town after city officials promised to gentrify downtown New Brunswick by demolishing old buildings and constructing new ones.
While New Brunswick lost at least one historic edifice (the inn where Rutgers University began) to the redevelopment, the gentrification did attract people back to New Brunswick. Johnson & Johnson hired Henry N. Cobb from Pei Cobb Freed & Partners to design an addition to its headquarters. The white tower in a park across the railroad tracks from the older portion of the headquarters in one of tallest buildings in New Brunswick.
The stretch of Delaware and Raritan canal by the company's headquarters was replaced by a stretch of Route 18 in the late 1970s,[47] after a lengthy dispute.[48] In 2002, the company released its plan of setting up Asia-Pacific information technology headquarters in New South Wales within five years.[49]
Chairmen[edit]

Robert Wood Johnson I (1887–1910)
James Wood Johnson (1910–1932)
Robert Wood Johnson II (1932–1963)
Philip B. Hofmann (1963–1973)
Richard B. Sellars (1973–1976)
James E. Burke (1976–1989)
Ralph S. Larsen (1989–2002)
William C. Weldon (2002–2012)
Alex Gorsky (2012–present)

Products[edit]
The company's business is divided into three major segments, Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, and Consumer Products. In 2015, these segments contributed 44.9%, 35.9%, and 19.3%, respectively, of the company's total revenues.[50]
Pharmaceuticals[edit]
The company's major franchises in the Pharmaceutical segment include Immunology, Neuroscience, Infectious Disease, and Oncology.
Immunology products include the anti-tumor necrosis factor antibodies Remicade (infliximab), and Simponi (golimumab) used for the treatment[51] of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease (Remicade only), ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis, and other disorders. In 2013, these two products accounted for 29% of Johnson and Johnson's pharmaceutical revenues, and 11.3% of the company's total revenues. A third immunology product, Stelara (ustekinumab), targets interleukin-12 and interleukin-23 and is used for the treatment of psoriasis.[52]
Key infectious diseases products include Incivio (telaprevir), a hepatitis C protease inhibitor; Intelence (Etravirine), a non-nucleoside HIV polymerase inhibitor; and Prezista (darunavir), an HIV protease inhibitor. Telaprevir sales are expected to decline due to the recent approval of treatment regimens that are more efficacious and much better tolerated. Etravirine and darunavir are notable for their high barriers to resistance development.[53][54] Darunavir in combination with HIV polymerase inhibitors is recommended as a first line treatment option for treatment naive persons with HIV infection[55] but etravirine is approved only for use in treatment-experienced patients, owing in part to its requirement for twice-daily dosing.
The company's CNS products include the ADHD drug Concerta (methylphenidate extended release), and the long-acting injectable antipsychotics Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) and Risperdal Consta (risperidone). Invega Sustenna and Risperdal Consta were the first widely utilized long-acting depot injections for the treatment of schizophrenia. Designed to address the issue of poor patient compliance with oral therapy, they are administered by intramuscular injection at intervals of 2 weeks and one month, respectively. Only minimal improvements in outcomes relative to the oral versions of these drugs were observed in the clinical trial setting, but some evidence suggests that the advantages of long-acting injections in clinical practice may be greater than is readily demonstrated in the environment of a clinical trial.[56][57][58]
Oncology products include Velcade (bortezomib), for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma[59] and Zytiga (abiraterone), an androgen antagonist for the treatment of prostate cancer. In clinical trials, abiraterone treatment was associated with a 4.6 to 5.2 survival advantage when used either before or after chemotherapy with platinum based drugs.[60] On December 31, 2012, the Food and Drug Administration approved Sirturo (bedaquiline), a Johnson & Johnson tuberculosis drug that is the first new medicine to fight the infection in more than forty years.[61]
Medical devices[edit]

Sectors in which the company is active[62] include:

Aesthetics (Ethicon, Mentor)
Arrhythmias (Biosense Webster)
Bariatric Surgery for Obesity (Ethicon)
Cardiovascular Disease (Biosense Webster, Inc.)
Diabetes Care (LifeScan, Animas Corporation)
Ear, Nose, and Throat Conditions (Acclarent)
General Surgery (Ethicon, Codman Neuro)
Hernia Surgery (Ethicon)
Insulin Delivery Devices (Animas)
Neurovascular Disease (Codman Neuro, DePuy Synthes)
Orthopaedics (DePuy Synthes): Joint Reconstruction, Trauma, Spine, Sports Medicine and Power Tools
Self-Measured Blood Glucose Monitors (LifeScan)
Surgical Instruments and Infection Prevention(Advanced Sterilization Products)
Urologic Surgery (Ethicon)
Vision Care (VISTAKON®)


Consumer health[edit]
Sectors in which the company is active[63] include:


Baby Care
Nutritionals
Oral Health Care
Over-the-Counter Medicines
Skin & Hair Care
Vision Care
Wound Care & Topicals


Environmental record[edit]
Johnson & Johnson has set several positive goals to keep the company environmentally friendly and was ranked third among the United States's largest companies in Newsweek's "Green Rankings".[64] Some examples are the reduction in water use, waste, and energy use and an increased level of transparency.[65] Johnson & Johnson agreed to change its packaging of plastic bottles used in the manufacturing process, switching their packaging of liquids to non-polycarbonate containers.[66] The corporation is working with the Climate Northwest Initiative and the EPA National Environmental Performance Track program.[67] As a member of the national Green Power Partnership, Johnson & Johnson operates the largest solar power generator in Pennsylvania at its site in Spring House, PA.[68]
Recalls and litigation[edit]
1982 Chicago Tylenol murders[edit]
Main article: Chicago Tylenol murders
On September 29, 1982, a "Tylenol scare" began when the first of seven individuals died in Chicago metropolitan area, after ingesting Extra Strength Tylenol that had been deliberately laced with cyanide.[69] Within a week, the company pulled 31 million bottles of capsules back from retailers, making it one of the first major recalls in American history.[69] The incident led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter substances and to federal anti-tampering laws. The case remains unsolved and no suspects have been charged. Johnson & Johnson's quick response, including a nationwide recall, was widely praised by public relations experts and the media and was the gold standard for corporate crisis management.[70][71][72]
2010 children's product recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 Johnson & Johnson children's product recall
On April 30, 2010, McNeil Consumer Healthcare, a subsidiary of Johnson and Johnson, voluntarily recalled 43 over-the-counter children's medicines, including Tylenol, Tylenol Plus, Motrin, Zyrtec and Benadryl. The recall was conducted after a routine inspection at a manufacturing facility in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, United States revealed that some "products may not fully meet the required manufacturing specifications".[73][74] Affected products may contain a "higher concentration of active ingredients" or exhibit other manufacturing defects.[74] Products shipped to Canada, Dominican Republic, Guam, Guatemala, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Panama, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Fiji were included in the recall.[73] In a statement, Johnson & Johnson said "a comprehensive quality assessment across its manufacturing operations" was underway.[73][74] A dedicated website was established by the company listing affected products and other consumer information.[74]
2010 hip-replacement recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 DePuy Hip Recall
On August 2009, 2010, DePuy, a subsidiary of American giant Johnson & Johnson, recalled its ASR (articular surface replacement) hip prostheses from the market. DePuy said the recall was due to unpublished National Joint Registry data showing a 12% revision rate for resurfacing at five years and an ASR XL revision rate of 13%. All hip prostheses fail in some patients, but it is expected that the rate will be about 1% a year.[75] Pathologically, the failing prosthesis had several effects. Metal debris from wear of the implant led to a reaction that destroyed the soft tissues surrounding the joint, leaving some patients with long term disability. Ions of cobalt and chromium—the metals from which the implant was made—were also released into the blood and cerebral spinal fluid in some patients.[76]
In March 2013, a jury in Los Angeles ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay more than $8.3 million in damages to a Montana man in the first of more than 10,000 lawsuits pending against the company in connection with the now-recalled DePuy hip.[77]
Some lawyers and industry analysts have estimated that the suits ultimately will cost Johnson & Johnson billions of dollars to resolve.[77]
2010 Tylenol recall[edit]
In 2010 and 2011, Johnson & Johnson voluntarily recalled some over-the-counter products including Tylenol due to an odor caused by tribromoanisole.[78][79] In this case, 2,4,6-tribromophenol was used to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored.[78]
Shareholders lawsuit[edit]
In 2010 a group of shareholders sued the board for allegedly failing to take action to prevent serious failings and illegalities since the 1990s, including manufacturing problems, bribing officials, covering up adverse effects and misleading marketing for unapproved uses. The judge initially dismissed the case in September 2011, but allowed the plaintiffs opportunity to refile at a later time.[80] In 2012 Johnson and Johnson proposed a settlement with the shareholders, whereby the company would institute new oversight, quality and compliance procedures binding for five years.[81]
Illegal marketing of Risperdal[edit]
Juries in several US states have found J&J guilty of concealing the adverse effects of Janssen Pharmaceuticals' antipsychotic medication Risperdal, produced by its unit, in order to promote it to doctors and patients as better than cheaper generics, and of falsely marketing it for treating patients with dementia.[82] States that have awarded damages include Texas ($158 million), South Carolina ($327 million), Louisiana ($258 million), and most notably Arkansas ($1.2 billion).[83]
In 2010, the United States Department of Justice joined a whistleblowers suit accusing the company of illegally marketing Risperdal through Omnicare, the largest company supplying pharmaceuticals to nursing homes.[84][85] The allegations include that J&J were warned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) not to promote Risperdal as effective and safe for elderly patients, but they did so, and that they paid Omnicare to promote the drug to care home physicians.[86] The settlement was finalized on November 4, 2013, with J&J agreeing to pay a penalty of around $2.2 billion, "including criminal fines and forfeiture totaling $485 million and civil settlements with the federal government and states totaling $1.72 billion."[87]
Johnson & Johnson has also been subject to congressional investigations related to payments given to psychiatrists to promote its products and ghost write articles, notably Joseph Biederman and his pediatric bipolar disorder research unit.[88]
Foreign bribery[edit]
In 2011, J&J settled litigation brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; J&J paid around $70M in disgorgement and fines.[89] J&J's employees had given kickbacks and bribes to doctors in Greece, Poland, Romania to obtain business selling drugs and medical devices, and had bribed officials in Iraq to win contracts under the Oil for Food program.[90] J&J fully cooperated with the investigation once the problems came to light.[91]
Consumer Fraud Settlements[edit]
In May 2017, J&J reached an agreement to pay $33 million to several states to settle consumer fraud allegations in some of the company’s over-the-counter drugs.[92][93][94]
Use of the Red Cross symbol[edit]




Flag of the Red Cross


Further information: Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement § Use of the emblems
Johnson & Johnson registered the Red Cross as a U.S. trademark for "medicinal and surgical plasters" in 1905 and has used the design since 1887.[95] The Geneva Conventions, which reserved the Red Cross emblem for specific uses, were first approved in 1864 and ratified by the United States in 1882; however, the emblem was not protected by U.S. law for the use of the American Red Cross and the U.S. military until after Johnson & Johnson had obtained its trademark. A clause in this law (now 18 U.S.C. 706) permits this pre-existing uses of the Red Cross to continue.
A declaration made by the U.S. upon its ratification of the 1949 Geneva Conventions includes a reservation that pre-1905 U.S. domestic uses of the Red Cross, such as Johnson & Johnson's, would remain lawful as long as the cross is not used on "aircraft, vessels, vehicles, buildings or other structures, or upon the ground," i.e. uses which could be confused with its military uses.[96] This means that the U.S. did not agree to any interpretation of the 1949 Geneva Conventions that would overrule Johnson & Johnson's trademark. The American Red Cross continues to recognize the validity of Johnson & Johnson's trademark.[97]
In August 2007, Johnson & Johnson filed a lawsuit against the American Red Cross (ARC), demanding that the charity halt the use of the red cross symbol on products it sells to the public, though the company takes no issue with the charity's use of the mark for non-profit purposes.[98] In May 2008, the judge in the case dismissed most of Johnson & Johnson's claims, and a month later the two organizations announced a settlement had been reached in which both parties would continue to use the symbol.[99]
Boston Scientific lawsuits[edit]
Since 2003, Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific have both claimed that the other had infringed on their patents covering heart stent medical devices. The litigation was settled when Boston Scientific agreed to pay $716 million to Johnson & Johnson in September 2009 and an additional $1.73 billion in February 2010.[100] Their dispute was renewed in 2014, now on the grounds of a contract dispute.[101]
Patent-infringement case against Abbott[edit]
In 2007, Johnson & Johnson sued Abbott Laboratories over the development and sale of the arthritis drug Humira. Johnson & Johnson claimed that Abbott used technology patented by New York University and licensed exclusively to Johnson & Johnson's Centocor division to develop Humira. Johnson & Johnson won the court case, and in 2009 Abbott was ordered to pay Johnson & Johnson $1.17 billion in lost revenues and $504 million in royalties.[102] The judge also added $175.6 million in interest to bring the total to $1.84 billion.[103] This was the largest patent-infringement award in U.S. history[102] until the 2013 decision against Teva in favor of Takeda and Pfizer for over 2.1 billion dollars.[104] Abbott has since successfully reversed the verdict at appeal.[105]
Baby powder[edit]
In February 2016, J&J was ordered to pay $72 million in damages to the family of Jacqueline Fox, a 62-year-old woman who died of ovarian cancer in 2015.[106] She had been sprinkling Johnson's Baby Powder on her underwear nearly every day since she was a teenager. J&J claimed that the safety of cosmetic talc is supported by decades of scientific evidence and it plans to appeal the verdict. The British charity, Ovacome was quoted as saying that while there were 16 studies which showed that using talc increased the risk of ovarian cancer by around a third, and a 2013 review of US studies had similar results for genital, but not general, talcum powder use they were not convinced that the results were reliable. Furthermore, Ovacome said, "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk."[106]
By March 2017, over 1,000 U.S. women had sued J&J for covering up the possible cancer risk from its Baby Powder product; the company says that 70 percent of its Baby Powder is used by adults.[107]
See also[edit]


New Jersey portal
Companies portal
Medicine portal



Frederick Barnett Kilmer – Director of Scientific Laboratories from 1889 to 1934.
Zodiac – Historic schooner built for the Johnson family heirs.


References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Johnson & Johnson 2016 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 5, 2016. 
^ anonymous. "VisionCare Corporate - Our History". jnjvc.com. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/1709744668x0x881109/474857DD-8E67-43B1-BB38-0A9712D93545/2015_annual_report_.pdf "Johnson & Johnson 2015 Annual Report � Johnson & Johnson"] (PDF). www.jnj.com. February 24, 2016. Retrieved September 28, 2016.  replacement character in |title= at position 38 (help)
^ "J&J Company Structure - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Consumer Health Care". 
^ "Medical Devices". 
^ "Pharmaceutical Companies - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Horner, Shirley (February 15, 1987). "About Books". The New York Times. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ Conniff, Richard. The Natural History of the Rich: A Field Guide. W. W. Norton. p. 126. 
^ "Crazier then You and Me". New York Magazine. February 23, 1987: 129. 
^ Singer, Natasha (June 3, 2010). "Robert L. McNeil Jr., Chemist Who Introduced Tylenol, Dies at 94". The New York Times. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "Janssen Affiliate Cilag Acquires Covagen". GEN. 
^ Lopez-Munoz, Francisco; Alamo, Cecilio (2009). "The Consolidation of Neuroleptic Therapy: Janssen, the Discovery of Haloperidol and Its Introduction into Clinical Practice". Brain Research Bulletin. 79: 130–141. PMID 19186209. doi:10.1016/j.brainresbull.2009.01.005. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion Of Alios Biopharma Acquisition". Janssen. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Kura Oncology Licenses Janssen's Tipofarnib in Cancer". GEN. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Galapagos Regains Rights to GLPG1690 from Janssen". GEN. 
^ "Janssen Acquires XO1 Limited". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement To Acquire Novira Therapeutics, Inc.". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Synthes Acquisition". 
^ "Depuy Synthes Companies Acquires Olive Medical Corporation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Companies Announces Acquisition Of Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., A Leader In Small Bone Fixation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Codman Neuro Announces Acquisition Of Pulsar Vascular Inc., Expanding Neurovascular Treatment For Patients With Complex Aneurysms - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Ltd, Insider Media. "Johnson & Johnson moves for Irish medical firm". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson buys Irish stroke care firm in multimillion euro deal". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Announces Acquisition of Sentio, LLC to Enable Innovation in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery - Johnson & Johnson". www.jnj.com.  line feed character in |title= at position 72 (help)
^ http://www.infogrok.com/index.php/pharmaceutical/centocor-ortho-biotech-acquires-respivert.html
^ "Janssen Joins MacroGenics in Up-to-$700M Cancer Collaboration". GEN. 
^ "Janssen, Isis Pharma Ink Up-to-$835M Antisense Agreement". GEN. 
^ "ETHICON History". www.ethiconproducts.co.uk. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "A history of advancing surgery". www.ethicon.com. Ethicon U.S., LLC. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Mentor Corporation". 
^ "Ethicon Announces Agreement To Acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.". FierceMedicalDevices. 
^ "Ethicon Announces Acquisition of Megadyne Medical Products, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson subsidiary buys Torax Medical". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson to buy Actelion for $30 billion, spin off R&D unit". Reuters. 26 January 2017. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Roland, Denise; D. Rockoff, Jonathan (January 26, 2017), Johnson & Johnson to Acquire Actelion in $30 Billion Deal, Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 27, 2017 
^ "BRIEF-Johnson & Johnson says Janssen Holding to acquire all publicly held shares of Actelion for $280 per share". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "J&J declares Actelion tender offer a success, sees closing in second quarter". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Declares $30B Actelion Tender Successful; Controls 77.% of Voting Rights". 
^ Eva von Schaper; Ellen Gibson (6 October 2010). "J&J, Crucell Reach Agreement on $2.4 Billion Takeover". Bloomberg.com. 
^ "Biosense Webster, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Coherex Medical, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Acquisition of Vogue International LLC - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement to Acquire Abbott Medical Optics - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Board of Directors". jnj.com. 
^ "Sandra E. Peterson to Join Johnson & Johnson as Group Worldwide Chairman and Member of the Executive Committee". Pharma Business Week. 24 September 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Our Leadership Team - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ 2 Long-Disputed Projects to Begin, The New York Times, July 9, 1977
^ Old Raritan Canal Lock Is Focus of a Classic Dispute, The New York Times, April 16, 1977.
^ "JOHNSON & JOHNSON ASIA-PACIFIC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HEADQUARTERS". March 14, 2002. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ "Downloads" (PDF). files.shareholder.com. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ Ruela Corrêa JC, D'Arcy DM, dos Reis Serra CH, Nunes Salgado HR (2012). "Darunavir: a critical review of its properties, use and drug interactions". Pharmacology. 90 (1-2): 102–9. PMID 22797653. doi:10.1159/000339862. 
^ "Wikipedia template filling". Tools.wmflabs.org. Retrieved 2014-05-29. 
^ "aidsinfo.nih.gov" (PDF). 
^ Kaplan G, Casoy J, Zummo J (2013). "Impact of long-acting injectable antipsychotics on medication adherence and clinical, functional, and economic outcomes of schizophrenia". Patient Prefer Adherence. 7: 1171–80. PMC 3833623 . PMID 24265549. doi:10.2147/PPA.S53795. 
^ Kane JM, Kishimoto T, Correll CU (August 2013). "Assessing the comparative effectiveness of long-acting injectable vs. oral antipsychotic medications in the prevention of relapse provides a case study in comparative effectiveness research in psychiatry". J Clin Epidemiol. 66 (8 Suppl): S37–41. PMID 23849151. doi:10.1016/j.jclinepi.2013.01.012. 
^ Fusar-Poli P, Kempton MJ, Rosenheck RA (March 2013). "Efficacy and safety of second-generation long-acting injections in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials". Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 28 (2): 57–66. PMID 23165366. doi:10.1097/YIC.0b013e32835b091f. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "FDA Approves 1st New Tuberculosis Drug in 40 Years". ABC News. Retrieved December 31, 2012. 
^ "Healthcare products - Medical technologies". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Healthcare products - consumer". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Green Rankings". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Official Site". Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Environment New Service, December 8, 2004. Retrieved May 4, 2008
^ "Coop America". March 27, 2008. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ "Department of Environmental Protection". Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Judith Rehak (March 23, 2002). "Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all". The New York Times. 
^ Toyota, what's so hard about doing the right thing?, Los Angeles Times, February 11, 2010
^ Jennifer Latson for Time Magazine Sept. 29, 2014 How Poisoned Tylenol Became a Crisis-Management Teaching Model
^ Judith Rehak for The New York Times. March 23, 2002 Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all
^ a b c "US firm recalls children's drugs". Aljazeera. May 1, 2010. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ a b c d Watts, Alex (May 2, 2010). "Warning As Baby Medicines Are Recalled". Sky News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Deborah Cohen (May 14, 2011). "Out of joint: The story of the ASR". 
^ "FDA. Concerns about metal-on-metal hip implant systems. 2011". 2011. 
^ a b Meier, Barry (March 8, 2013). "J.&J. Loses First Case Over Faulty Hip Implant". New York Times. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ a b Tylenol Recall Expands, WebMD Health News, January 18, 2010
^ "McNeil Consumer Healthcare Announces Voluntary Recall Of One Product Lot Of TYLENOL® Extra Strength Caplets 225 Count Distributed In The U.S.". 
^ "10-cv-2033, D. NJ., Sept. 29, 2011" (PDF). 
^ J&J, shareholders reach tentative deal in lawsuit By LINDA A. JOHNSON AP Business Writer / July 12, 2012
^ Gregory Wallace (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to pay $2 billion for false marketing". CNN Money. Retrieved November 6, 2013. 
^ J.&J. Fined $1.2 Billion in Drug Case NY Times, By KATIE THOMAS Published: April 11, 2012
^ Hilzenrath, David S. (January 16, 2010). "Justice suit accuses Johnson & Johnson of paying kickbacks". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ Singer, Natasha (January 15, 2010). "Johnson & Johnson Accused of Drug Kickbacks". The New York Times. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ J&J Said to Agree to $2.2 Billion Drug Marketing Accord Bloomberg News. By Margaret Cronin Fisk, Jef Feeley & David Voreacos – June 11, 2012
^ Office of Public Affairs, Department of Justice (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to Pay More Than $2.2 Billion to Resolve Criminal and Civil Investigations". United States Department of Justice. Retrieved 16 June 2015. 
^ Research Center Tied to Drug Company By Gardiner Harris, The New York Times, 2008
^ "Johnson & Johnson". www.sec.gov. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "J&J settles U.S., UK bribery, kickback charges". Reuters. April 8, 2011. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "SEC Charges Johnson & Johnson With Foreign Bribery". SEC. April 7, 2011. 
^ "J&J Reaches $33 Million Settlement with States". DrugWatch. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ Reuters (2017-05-24). "Johnson & Johnson settles drug manufacturing probe by US states for $33 million". The Economic Times. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "UPDATE 1-J&J settles drug manufacturing probe by U.S. states for $33 mln". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "Trademark Status & Document Retrieval". uspto.gov. 
^ U.S. reservations to the 1949 Geneva Conventions (International Committee of the Red Cross website)
^ American Red Cross Defends Use of Emblem and Mission (American Red Cross press release, August 10, 2007)
^ "Red Cross Is Sued by J&J Over Signature Emblem" The Wall Street Journal August 9, 2007
^ Stephanie Saul (June 18, 2008). "Claim Over Red Cross Symbol Is Settled". The New York Times. 
^ Boston Scientific to Pay J&J $1.73B to Settle Stent Patent Disputes, The Wall Street Journal, February 2, 2010
^ J&J seeks over $5 billion in damages from Boston Scientific at trial. Reuters, 19 November 2014
^ a b Abbott Told to Pay Record $1.67 billion Award to J&J, Bloomberg News, June 29, 2009
^ Abbott Challenges $1.67 billion Patent Loss to J&J Over Humira, Bloomberg News, November 2, 2010
^ Pfizer, Takeda to Get $2.15 Billion Settlement, WSJ, 6 12 2013
^ "Bloomberg Business". Bloomberg.com. 
^ a b "Johnson & Johnson hit with $72m damages in talc-cancer case". BBC News. 24 February 2016. Retrieved 24 February 2016. 
^ Johnson & Johnson Has a Baby Powder Problem Bloomberg, Retrieved April 20, 2017.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Johnson & Johnson.



Official website





Business data for Johnson & Johnson: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Johnson & Johnson



CEOs and presidents

Current: Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO

Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Robert Wood Johnson II
Robert Wood Johnson III
Philip B. Hofmann
Richard B. Sellars
James E. Burke
Ralph S. Larsen





Selected subsidiaries



ALZA Corporation
Cilag
Crucell
DePuy, Inc.
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.
Ethicon, Inc.
Independence Technology, LLC
J&J PRD
Janssen Biotech
Janssen Pharmaceutica
LifeScan
McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals
McNeil Nutritionals
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical
Ortho-Neutrogena
Penaten
Tibotec





Major brands



Acuvue
Aveeno
Band-Aid
Benadryl
Benecol (US license)
Caladryl
Clean & Clear
Desitin
Imodium
Johnson's Baby
Lactaid
Listerine
Motrin
Mylanta
Mylicon
Neosporin
Neutrogena
OneTouch
Pepcid
Plax
Rembrandt
Splenda
Sudafed
Tylenol
Visine








Annual revenue: US$74.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Annual net income: US$16.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Employees: 118,700












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


New Brunswick, New Jersey



History and Architecture



Buccleuch Mansion
Delaware and Raritan Canal
Henry Guest House
National Register of Historic Places
Queens Campus
Tallest buildings
Voorhees Mall
Willow Grove Cemetery





Arts and Entertainment



Crossroads Theatre
George Street Playhouse
Grease trucks
Hungarian Festival
Mason Gross School of the Arts
Music scene
New Jersey Film Festival
New Jersey Folk Festival
State Theatre
The Stress Factory
Zimmerli Museum of Fine Art
World Straight Pool Championship





Government and Education



Civic Square
Middlesex County College
New Brunswick Free Public Library
New Brunswick Main Post Office
New Brunswick Public Schools
Rutgers University
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
Robert Wood Johnson Medical School





Economy and Healthcare



Bristol-Myers Squibb
Cancer Institute of New Jersey
Hoagland Longo
Johnson & Johnson
Magyar Bank
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital
Saint Peter's University Hospital





Parks and Recreation



Boyd Park
Buccleuch Park
Delaware and Raritan Canal
East Jersey Olde Towne Village
Feaster Park
Johnson Park
Lawrence Brook
Lincoln Park
Mile Run
Raritan Landing
Rutgers Gardens
Westons Mill Pond





Transportation



Jersey Avenue Station
New Brunswick Station
New Jersey Transit buses
Rutgers Campus Buses
Suburban Trails
Route 18
Route 27
Route 91
Route 172





Neighborhoods



Civic Square
Edgebrook
Feaster Park
Fifth Ward
Lincoln Park
Livingston Avenue Historic District
Queens Campus
Raritan Gardens
Westons Mills






Coordinates: 40°29′55″N 74°26′37″W﻿ / ﻿40.49861°N 74.44361°W﻿ / 40.49861; -74.44361



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 157894482
LCCN: no94000514
ISNI: 0000 0001 2113 0582
GND: 272550-2
SUDOC: 175113343










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnson_%26_Johnson&oldid=791473915"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1886 establishments in New JerseyCompanies based in New Brunswick, New JerseyAmerican companies established in 1886Dental companiesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageJohnson & JohnsonMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesBuildings and structures in New Brunswick, New JerseyPersonal care companiesPharmaceutical companies based in New JerseyOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industryConglomerate companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 1886Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse American English from October 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2015Coordinates not on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБългарскиČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 14:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnson & Johnson - Wikipedia






















 






Johnson & Johnson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Johnson + Johnson)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with S. C. Johnson & Son.

Johnson & Johnson





J&J headquarters at One Johnson & Johnson Plaza in New Brunswick, New Jersey




Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: JNJ
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US4781601046


Industry



Medical equipment
Pharmaceutical





Founded
January 1886; 131 years ago (1886-01)
New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.


Founders



Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Edward Mead Johnson





Headquarters
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Alex Gorsky (Chairman and CEO)


Products
See list of Johnson & Johnson products


Revenue
 US$71.89 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$19.80 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$16.54 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$133.41 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$71.15 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

127,100 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries



McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Vistakon[2]
Neutrogena
DePuy





Website
www.jnj.com


Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company founded in 1886. Its common stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the company is listed among the Fortune 500.
Johnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in 60 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson had worldwide sales of $70.1 billion during calendar year 2015.[3]
Johnson & Johnson's brands include numerous household names of medications and first aid supplies. Among its well-known consumer products are the Band-Aid Brand line of bandages, Tylenol medications, Johnson's baby products, Neutrogena skin and beauty products, Clean & Clear facial wash and Acuvue contact lenses.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Foundation and early history
1.2 1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare
1.3 1959: Cilag
1.4 1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals
1.5 1998: DePuy
1.6 1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.
1.7 Ethicon, Inc

1.7.1 Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.


1.8 Actelion
1.9 2010 onwards
1.10 Structure


2 Corporate governance
3 JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification

3.1 Chairmen


4 Products

4.1 Pharmaceuticals
4.2 Medical devices
4.3 Consumer health


5 Environmental record
6 Recalls and litigation

6.1 1982 Chicago Tylenol murders
6.2 2010 children's product recall
6.3 2010 hip-replacement recall
6.4 2010 Tylenol recall
6.5 Shareholders lawsuit
6.6 Illegal marketing of Risperdal
6.7 Foreign bribery
6.8 Consumer Fraud Settlements
6.9 Use of the Red Cross symbol
6.10 Boston Scientific lawsuits
6.11 Patent-infringement case against Abbott
6.12 Baby powder


7 See also
8 References
9 External links



History[edit]
Johnson & Johnson operates over 250 companies in what is termed "the Johnson & Johnson family of companies".[4] The company operates in three broad divisions; Consumer Healthcare, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals.


Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies


Consumer Healthcare[5]
Medical Devices[6]
Pharmaceuticals[7]


Baby Care
Skin & Hair Care
Wound Care and Topicals
Oral Health Care
Women’s Health
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Over-The-Counter Medicines
Nutritionals
Advanced Sterilization Products
Animas Corporation
Biosense Webster
DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson
Ethicon, Inc.
Janssen Diagnostics BVBA
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.
LifeScan, Inc.
Mentor
Janssen
Janssen R&D LLC
Janssen Healthcare Innovation
Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc
Janssen Diagnostics
Janssen Therapeutics
Janssen Scientific Affairs
McNeil-PPC, Inc


Foundation and early history[edit]




Robert Wood Johnson


Inspired by a speech by antiseptic advocate Joseph Lister, Robert Wood Johnson joined his brothers James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson to create a line of ready-to-use surgical dressings in 1885. The company produced its first products in 1886 and incorporated in 1887.
Robert Wood Johnson served as the first president of the company. He worked to improve sanitation practices in the nineteenth century, and lent his name to a hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Upon his death in 1910, he was succeeded in the presidency by his brother James Wood Johnson until 1932, and then by his son, Robert Wood Johnson II.
Robert Wood Johnson's granddaughter, Mary Lea Johnson Richards, was the first baby to appear on a Johnson & Johnson baby powder label.[8][9][10] His great-grandson, Jamie Johnson, made a documentary called Born Rich about the experience of growing up as the heir to one of the world's greatest fortunes.

1959: McNeil Consumer Healthcare[edit]
McNeil Consumer Healthcare was founded on March 16, 1879 by 23-year-old Robert McNeil. In 1904, one of McNeil's sons, Robert Lincoln McNeil, became part of the company and together they created McNeil Laboratories in 1933. The company focused on direct marketing of prescription drugs to hospitals, pharmacists, and doctors. Development of acetaminophen began under the leadership of Robert L. McNeil, Jr., who later served as the firm's chairman.[11] In 1959, Johnson & Johnson acquired McNeil Laboratories and a year later the company was able to sell Tylenol for the first time ever, without a prescription. In 1977, two subsidiary companies were created; McNeil medicals products and McNeil Consumer Products Company (also known as McNeil Consumer Healthcare). The focus of McNeil medicals products is to market prescription drugs. In 1993 McNeil medicals products merged with the Ortho Pharmaceutical to form Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical. In 2001 McNeil Consumer Healthcare changed its name to McNeil Consumer & Specialty medicals products. However, it was later changed to "McNeil Consumer Healthcare". The company markets over-the-counter and prescription medicals products including complete lines of Tylenol and Motrin IB (ibuprofen) products for adults and children.
1959: Cilag[edit]
In 1933, Swiss chemist Bernhard Joos set up a small research laboratory in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. This set the basis for the founding of Chemische Industrie-Labor AG (Chemical Industry Laboratory AG or Cilag) on 12 May 1936. In 1959, Cilag joined the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. In the early nineties the marketing organizations of Cilag and Janssen Pharmaceutica were joined to form Janssen-Cilag. The non-marketing activities of both companies still operate under their original name. Cilag continues to have operations under the Cilag name in Switzerland, ranging from research and development through manufacturing and international services. In August 2014 Cilag acquired Covagen a biopharmaceutical company which specialises in the development of multi-specific protein based therapeutics. As part of the acquisition Cilag wll gain access to Covagen’s lead drug candidate, COVA 322, a bi-specific anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha/anti-interleukin (IL)-17A FynomAb, is in a Phase Ib study for psoriasis.[12]
1961: Janssen Pharmaceuticals[edit]
Janssen Pharmaceuticals can be traced back to 1933. In 1933 Constant Janssen, the father of Paul Janssen, acquired the right to distribute the pharmaceutical products of Richter, a Hungarian pharmaceutical company, for Belgium, the Netherlands and Belgian Congo. On 23 October 1934, he founded the N.V. Produkten Richter in Turnhout. After the Second World War, the name for the company products was changed to Eupharma, although the company name Richter would remain until 1956.[13]
Paul Janssen founded his own research laboratory in 1953 on the third floor of the building in the Statiestraat, still within the Richter-Eurpharma company of his father. On 5 April 1956, the name of the company was changed to NV Laboratoria Pharmaceutica C. Janssen (named after Constant Janssen). On 2 May 1958, the research department in Beerse became a separate legal entity, the N.V. Research Laboratorium C. Janssen. On 24 October 1961, the company was acquired by the American corporation Johnson & Johnson. On 10 February 1964, the name was changed to Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V. Between 1990 and 2004, Janssen Pharmaceuticals expanded worldwide, with the company grew in size to approximately 28000 employees worldwide. In 1999, clinical research and non-clinical development become a global organization within Johnson & Johnson. In 2001, part of the research activities was transferred to the United States with the reorganization of research activities in the Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development organization. The research activities of the Janssen Research Foundation and the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute were merged into the new global research organization. On 27 October 2004, the Paul Janssen Research Center, for discovery research, was inaugurated.
In August 2013, the company acquired Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. In November 2014, the company acquired Alios BioPharma, Inc. for $1.75 billion. As a result of the purchase, Alios was incorporated into the infectious diseases therapeutic area of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson.[14] In March 2015, Janssen licensed Tipofarnib (a farnesyl transferase inhibitor) to Kura Oncology who will assume sole responsibility for developing and commercialising the anti-cancer drug.[15] Later in the same month the company announced that Galapagos Pharma and regained the rights to the anti-inflammatory drug candidate GLPG1690 as well as two other compounds including GLPG1205 (a first-in-class inhibitor of GPR84).[16] Finally, in March, the company acquired XO1 Limited [17] In November 2015, the company acquired Novira Therapeutics, Inc., gaining the lead candidate, NVR 3-778.[18]
1998: DePuy[edit]
DePuy was acquired by J&J in 1998, rolling it into the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices group. On June 14, 2012, Johnson and Johnson completed the acquisition of Synthes for $19.7 billion,[19] which was then integrated with the DePuy franchise to establish the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson which includes; Codman & Shurteff, Inc., DePuy Mitek, Inc., DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and DePuy Spine, Inc. In February 2015, DePuy announced it would acquire Olive Medical Corporation.[20] In May 2016, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. acquired Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., an industry leader in small bone fixation.[21]Later in December of the same year, DePuy Synthes announced it would acquire Pulsar Vascular Inc., adding Pulsar to its Codman division.[22]
In April 2017 Irish subsidiary; DePuy Ireland Unlimited Company announced it would acquire Neuravi, a company with a portfolio of products for hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes for an undisclosed sum, with Codman Neuro being behind the deal.[23][24] In June, DePuy Synthes Products, Inc. announced it would acquire Innovative Surgical Solutions, LLC (trading as Sentio, LLC) for an undisclosed sum, bolstering the company's technology for innovative nerve localisation in spinal surgery. [25]
1999: Janssen Biotech, Inc.[edit]
Janssen Biotech, Inc., formerly known as Centocor Biotech, Inc., is a biotechnology company that was founded in Philadelphia in 1979. In 1982 Centocor transitioned into a publicly traded company. In 1999, Centocor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. Since the acquisition, Janssen Biotech increased its annual sales from $500 million to more than $2 billion. During the same period, research and development investment increased from $75 million to more than $300 million. In 2008, Centocor, Inc. and Ortho Biotech Inc. merged to form Centocor Ortho Biotech Inc. In June 2010 Centocor Ortho Biotech acquired RespiVert, a privately held drug discovery company focused on developing small-molecule, inhaled therapies for the treatment of pulmonary diseases.[26] In June 2011 Centocor Ortho Biotech changed its name to Janssen Biotech, Inc. as part of a global effort to unite the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies around the world under a common identity. In December 2014, the company announced it would co-develop MacroGenics cancer drug candidate (MGD011) which targets both CD19 and CD3 proteins in treating B-cell malignant tumours. This could net MacroGenics up to $700 million.[27] In January 2015, the company announced it will utilise Isis Pharmaceuticals' RNA-targeting technology to discover and develop antisense drugs targeting autoimmune disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, with the partnership potentially generating up to $835 million for Isis.[28]
Ethicon, Inc[edit]
In 1915, George F. Merson opened a facility in Edinburgh for the manufacturing, packaging and sterilizing of catgut, silk and nylon sutures. Johnson & Johnson acquired Mr. Merson’s company in 1947, and this was renamed Ethicon Suture Laboratories.[29] In 1953 this became Ethicon Inc.[30] In 1992, Ethicon was restructured, and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. became a separate corporate entity. During the 1990s, Ethicon diversified into new and advanced products and technologies and formed four different companies under the Ethicon umbrella, each of which specialize in different products. In 2008 J&J announced it would acquire Mentor Corporation for $1 billion and merge its operations into Ethicon.[31] In March 2016, J&Js Ethicon business unit announced it would acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.[32] In January 2017, J&J subsidiary Ethicon announced it would acquire Megadyne Medical Products, Inc., a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets electrosurgical tools.[33] In February 2017, Ethicon acquired medical device manufacturer, Torax Medical for an undisclosed sum.[34]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.[edit]
Ethicon Endo-Surgery was part of Ethicon Inc. until 1992, when it became a separate corporate entity under the J&J umbrella.
Actelion[edit]
In January 2017, J&J fought off competition from Sanofi to acquire Swiss drugmaker Actelion. Later in the month J&J announced a $30 billion deal to purchase the Swiss company Actelion and to spin off its research and development unit, into a separate legal entity.[35][36] In March, the company declared its tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday, reporting that Janssen Holding GmbH controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period,[37] equating to 83,195,346 Actelion shares. In keeping with earlier agreements, the company annoucned its intention to delist Actelion, whilst spinning out its drug discovery operations and early-stage clinical development assets into a newly created Swiss-based biopharmaceutical company, Idorsia Ltd.[38] J&J will control 16% of Idorsia, with the ability to raise their stake to 32% through convertible notes.[39]
2010 onwards[edit]
In October 2010, J&J acquired Crucell for $2.4 billion.[40]
In November 2015, Biosense Webster, Inc. acquired Coherex Medical, Inc. expanding the companies range of treatment options for patients with atrial fibrillation.[41]
In July 2016, J&J announced its intention to acquire the privately held company, Vogue International LLC, boosting Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.[42] In September of the same year, J&J announced it would acquire Abbott Medical Optics from Abbott Laboratories for $4.325 billion, adding the new division into Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.[43]




J&J headquarters in Madrid, Spain.






Johnson & Johnson office in Ontario


Structure[edit]
The following is an illustration of the company's structure, maintained though a number of mergers & acquisitions (this is not a comprehensive list):


Johnson & Johnson



Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.<br />Consumer Healthcare Division





Baby Care








Skin & Hair Care








Wound Care and Topicals








Oral Health Care








Women’s Health








Over-The-Counter Medicines








Nutritionals








Vogue International LLC












Medical Devices Division





Advanced Sterilization Products








Animas Corporation






Biosense Webster





Coherex Medical, Inc.












DePuy Synthes



Codman & Shurteff, Inc.





Pulsar Vascular Inc.








Neuravi














DePuy Mitek, Inc.






DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc.





Biomedical Enterprises, Inc.














DePuy Spine, Inc






DePuy Synthes Products, Inc





Sentio, LLC














Olive Medical Corporation












Ethicon, Inc.





Mentor








Acclarent








NeuWave Medical, Inc








Megadyne Medical Products, Inc.








Torax Medical














Janssen Diagnostics BVBA






Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc.





Vistakon








Abbott Medical Optics














LifeScan, Inc.








Ethicon Endo-Surgery












Pharmaceuticals Division



Janssen Pharmaceutica



Cilag





Covagen














Janssen-Cilag








Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








Alios BioPharma, Inc.








Novira Therapeutics, Inc.








Actelion












 

Janssen R&D LLC






 

Janssen Healthcare Innovation






Janssen Biotech, Inc.





Ortho Biotech Inc.








RespiVert












 

Janssen Therapeutics






 

Janssen Diagnostics






 

Janssen Scientific Affairs








Crucell






 

Janssen-Ortho








McNeil Nutritional LLC








Mead Johnson
(Sold to Reckitt Benckiser)


















Corporate governance[edit]
Current members of the board of directors of Johnson & Johnson are: Mary Sue Coleman, James G. Cullen, Dominic Caruso, Michael M.E. Johns, Ann Dibble Jordan, Arnold G. Langbo, Susan L. Lindquist, Leo F. Mullin, William Perez, Steven S. Reinemund, David Satcher, and William C. Weldon.[44]
Sandi Peterson has served as Group Worldwide Chairman since 2012.[45]
On top of Alex Gorsky and Sandi Peterson, current members of Executive Committees of Johnson & Johnson are: Dominic Caruso, Peter Fasolo, Paul Stoffels, and Michael Sneed.[46]
JNJ Headquarters and the New Brunswick gentrification[edit]
The company has historically been located on the Delaware and Raritan Canal in New Brunswick. The company considered moving its headquarters out of New Brunswick in the 1960s, but decided to stay in the town after city officials promised to gentrify downtown New Brunswick by demolishing old buildings and constructing new ones.
While New Brunswick lost at least one historic edifice (the inn where Rutgers University began) to the redevelopment, the gentrification did attract people back to New Brunswick. Johnson & Johnson hired Henry N. Cobb from Pei Cobb Freed & Partners to design an addition to its headquarters. The white tower in a park across the railroad tracks from the older portion of the headquarters in one of tallest buildings in New Brunswick.
The stretch of Delaware and Raritan canal by the company's headquarters was replaced by a stretch of Route 18 in the late 1970s,[47] after a lengthy dispute.[48] In 2002, the company released its plan of setting up Asia-Pacific information technology headquarters in New South Wales within five years.[49]
Chairmen[edit]

Robert Wood Johnson I (1887–1910)
James Wood Johnson (1910–1932)
Robert Wood Johnson II (1932–1963)
Philip B. Hofmann (1963–1973)
Richard B. Sellars (1973–1976)
James E. Burke (1976–1989)
Ralph S. Larsen (1989–2002)
William C. Weldon (2002–2012)
Alex Gorsky (2012–present)

Products[edit]
The company's business is divided into three major segments, Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, and Consumer Products. In 2015, these segments contributed 44.9%, 35.9%, and 19.3%, respectively, of the company's total revenues.[50]
Pharmaceuticals[edit]
The company's major franchises in the Pharmaceutical segment include Immunology, Neuroscience, Infectious Disease, and Oncology.
Immunology products include the anti-tumor necrosis factor antibodies Remicade (infliximab), and Simponi (golimumab) used for the treatment[51] of autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease (Remicade only), ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis, and other disorders. In 2013, these two products accounted for 29% of Johnson and Johnson's pharmaceutical revenues, and 11.3% of the company's total revenues. A third immunology product, Stelara (ustekinumab), targets interleukin-12 and interleukin-23 and is used for the treatment of psoriasis.[52]
Key infectious diseases products include Incivio (telaprevir), a hepatitis C protease inhibitor; Intelence (Etravirine), a non-nucleoside HIV polymerase inhibitor; and Prezista (darunavir), an HIV protease inhibitor. Telaprevir sales are expected to decline due to the recent approval of treatment regimens that are more efficacious and much better tolerated. Etravirine and darunavir are notable for their high barriers to resistance development.[53][54] Darunavir in combination with HIV polymerase inhibitors is recommended as a first line treatment option for treatment naive persons with HIV infection[55] but etravirine is approved only for use in treatment-experienced patients, owing in part to its requirement for twice-daily dosing.
The company's CNS products include the ADHD drug Concerta (methylphenidate extended release), and the long-acting injectable antipsychotics Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) and Risperdal Consta (risperidone). Invega Sustenna and Risperdal Consta were the first widely utilized long-acting depot injections for the treatment of schizophrenia. Designed to address the issue of poor patient compliance with oral therapy, they are administered by intramuscular injection at intervals of 2 weeks and one month, respectively. Only minimal improvements in outcomes relative to the oral versions of these drugs were observed in the clinical trial setting, but some evidence suggests that the advantages of long-acting injections in clinical practice may be greater than is readily demonstrated in the environment of a clinical trial.[56][57][58]
Oncology products include Velcade (bortezomib), for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma[59] and Zytiga (abiraterone), an androgen antagonist for the treatment of prostate cancer. In clinical trials, abiraterone treatment was associated with a 4.6 to 5.2 survival advantage when used either before or after chemotherapy with platinum based drugs.[60] On December 31, 2012, the Food and Drug Administration approved Sirturo (bedaquiline), a Johnson & Johnson tuberculosis drug that is the first new medicine to fight the infection in more than forty years.[61]
Medical devices[edit]

Sectors in which the company is active[62] include:

Aesthetics (Ethicon, Mentor)
Arrhythmias (Biosense Webster)
Bariatric Surgery for Obesity (Ethicon)
Cardiovascular Disease (Biosense Webster, Inc.)
Diabetes Care (LifeScan, Animas Corporation)
Ear, Nose, and Throat Conditions (Acclarent)
General Surgery (Ethicon, Codman Neuro)
Hernia Surgery (Ethicon)
Insulin Delivery Devices (Animas)
Neurovascular Disease (Codman Neuro, DePuy Synthes)
Orthopaedics (DePuy Synthes): Joint Reconstruction, Trauma, Spine, Sports Medicine and Power Tools
Self-Measured Blood Glucose Monitors (LifeScan)
Surgical Instruments and Infection Prevention(Advanced Sterilization Products)
Urologic Surgery (Ethicon)
Vision Care (VISTAKON®)


Consumer health[edit]
Sectors in which the company is active[63] include:


Baby Care
Nutritionals
Oral Health Care
Over-the-Counter Medicines
Skin & Hair Care
Vision Care
Wound Care & Topicals


Environmental record[edit]
Johnson & Johnson has set several positive goals to keep the company environmentally friendly and was ranked third among the United States's largest companies in Newsweek's "Green Rankings".[64] Some examples are the reduction in water use, waste, and energy use and an increased level of transparency.[65] Johnson & Johnson agreed to change its packaging of plastic bottles used in the manufacturing process, switching their packaging of liquids to non-polycarbonate containers.[66] The corporation is working with the Climate Northwest Initiative and the EPA National Environmental Performance Track program.[67] As a member of the national Green Power Partnership, Johnson & Johnson operates the largest solar power generator in Pennsylvania at its site in Spring House, PA.[68]
Recalls and litigation[edit]
1982 Chicago Tylenol murders[edit]
Main article: Chicago Tylenol murders
On September 29, 1982, a "Tylenol scare" began when the first of seven individuals died in Chicago metropolitan area, after ingesting Extra Strength Tylenol that had been deliberately laced with cyanide.[69] Within a week, the company pulled 31 million bottles of capsules back from retailers, making it one of the first major recalls in American history.[69] The incident led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter substances and to federal anti-tampering laws. The case remains unsolved and no suspects have been charged. Johnson & Johnson's quick response, including a nationwide recall, was widely praised by public relations experts and the media and was the gold standard for corporate crisis management.[70][71][72]
2010 children's product recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 Johnson & Johnson children's product recall
On April 30, 2010, McNeil Consumer Healthcare, a subsidiary of Johnson and Johnson, voluntarily recalled 43 over-the-counter children's medicines, including Tylenol, Tylenol Plus, Motrin, Zyrtec and Benadryl. The recall was conducted after a routine inspection at a manufacturing facility in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, United States revealed that some "products may not fully meet the required manufacturing specifications".[73][74] Affected products may contain a "higher concentration of active ingredients" or exhibit other manufacturing defects.[74] Products shipped to Canada, Dominican Republic, Guam, Guatemala, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Panama, Trinidad and Tobago, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Fiji were included in the recall.[73] In a statement, Johnson & Johnson said "a comprehensive quality assessment across its manufacturing operations" was underway.[73][74] A dedicated website was established by the company listing affected products and other consumer information.[74]
2010 hip-replacement recall[edit]
Main article: 2010 DePuy Hip Recall
On August 2009, 2010, DePuy, a subsidiary of American giant Johnson & Johnson, recalled its ASR (articular surface replacement) hip prostheses from the market. DePuy said the recall was due to unpublished National Joint Registry data showing a 12% revision rate for resurfacing at five years and an ASR XL revision rate of 13%. All hip prostheses fail in some patients, but it is expected that the rate will be about 1% a year.[75] Pathologically, the failing prosthesis had several effects. Metal debris from wear of the implant led to a reaction that destroyed the soft tissues surrounding the joint, leaving some patients with long term disability. Ions of cobalt and chromium—the metals from which the implant was made—were also released into the blood and cerebral spinal fluid in some patients.[76]
In March 2013, a jury in Los Angeles ordered Johnson & Johnson to pay more than $8.3 million in damages to a Montana man in the first of more than 10,000 lawsuits pending against the company in connection with the now-recalled DePuy hip.[77]
Some lawyers and industry analysts have estimated that the suits ultimately will cost Johnson & Johnson billions of dollars to resolve.[77]
2010 Tylenol recall[edit]
In 2010 and 2011, Johnson & Johnson voluntarily recalled some over-the-counter products including Tylenol due to an odor caused by tribromoanisole.[78][79] In this case, 2,4,6-tribromophenol was used to treat wooden pallets on which product packaging materials were transported and stored.[78]
Shareholders lawsuit[edit]
In 2010 a group of shareholders sued the board for allegedly failing to take action to prevent serious failings and illegalities since the 1990s, including manufacturing problems, bribing officials, covering up adverse effects and misleading marketing for unapproved uses. The judge initially dismissed the case in September 2011, but allowed the plaintiffs opportunity to refile at a later time.[80] In 2012 Johnson and Johnson proposed a settlement with the shareholders, whereby the company would institute new oversight, quality and compliance procedures binding for five years.[81]
Illegal marketing of Risperdal[edit]
Juries in several US states have found J&J guilty of concealing the adverse effects of Janssen Pharmaceuticals' antipsychotic medication Risperdal, produced by its unit, in order to promote it to doctors and patients as better than cheaper generics, and of falsely marketing it for treating patients with dementia.[82] States that have awarded damages include Texas ($158 million), South Carolina ($327 million), Louisiana ($258 million), and most notably Arkansas ($1.2 billion).[83]
In 2010, the United States Department of Justice joined a whistleblowers suit accusing the company of illegally marketing Risperdal through Omnicare, the largest company supplying pharmaceuticals to nursing homes.[84][85] The allegations include that J&J were warned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) not to promote Risperdal as effective and safe for elderly patients, but they did so, and that they paid Omnicare to promote the drug to care home physicians.[86] The settlement was finalized on November 4, 2013, with J&J agreeing to pay a penalty of around $2.2 billion, "including criminal fines and forfeiture totaling $485 million and civil settlements with the federal government and states totaling $1.72 billion."[87]
Johnson & Johnson has also been subject to congressional investigations related to payments given to psychiatrists to promote its products and ghost write articles, notably Joseph Biederman and his pediatric bipolar disorder research unit.[88]
Foreign bribery[edit]
In 2011, J&J settled litigation brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; J&J paid around $70M in disgorgement and fines.[89] J&J's employees had given kickbacks and bribes to doctors in Greece, Poland, Romania to obtain business selling drugs and medical devices, and had bribed officials in Iraq to win contracts under the Oil for Food program.[90] J&J fully cooperated with the investigation once the problems came to light.[91]
Consumer Fraud Settlements[edit]
In May 2017, J&J reached an agreement to pay $33 million to several states to settle consumer fraud allegations in some of the company’s over-the-counter drugs.[92][93][94]
Use of the Red Cross symbol[edit]




Flag of the Red Cross


Further information: Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement § Use of the emblems
Johnson & Johnson registered the Red Cross as a U.S. trademark for "medicinal and surgical plasters" in 1905 and has used the design since 1887.[95] The Geneva Conventions, which reserved the Red Cross emblem for specific uses, were first approved in 1864 and ratified by the United States in 1882; however, the emblem was not protected by U.S. law for the use of the American Red Cross and the U.S. military until after Johnson & Johnson had obtained its trademark. A clause in this law (now 18 U.S.C. 706) permits this pre-existing uses of the Red Cross to continue.
A declaration made by the U.S. upon its ratification of the 1949 Geneva Conventions includes a reservation that pre-1905 U.S. domestic uses of the Red Cross, such as Johnson & Johnson's, would remain lawful as long as the cross is not used on "aircraft, vessels, vehicles, buildings or other structures, or upon the ground," i.e. uses which could be confused with its military uses.[96] This means that the U.S. did not agree to any interpretation of the 1949 Geneva Conventions that would overrule Johnson & Johnson's trademark. The American Red Cross continues to recognize the validity of Johnson & Johnson's trademark.[97]
In August 2007, Johnson & Johnson filed a lawsuit against the American Red Cross (ARC), demanding that the charity halt the use of the red cross symbol on products it sells to the public, though the company takes no issue with the charity's use of the mark for non-profit purposes.[98] In May 2008, the judge in the case dismissed most of Johnson & Johnson's claims, and a month later the two organizations announced a settlement had been reached in which both parties would continue to use the symbol.[99]
Boston Scientific lawsuits[edit]
Since 2003, Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific have both claimed that the other had infringed on their patents covering heart stent medical devices. The litigation was settled when Boston Scientific agreed to pay $716 million to Johnson & Johnson in September 2009 and an additional $1.73 billion in February 2010.[100] Their dispute was renewed in 2014, now on the grounds of a contract dispute.[101]
Patent-infringement case against Abbott[edit]
In 2007, Johnson & Johnson sued Abbott Laboratories over the development and sale of the arthritis drug Humira. Johnson & Johnson claimed that Abbott used technology patented by New York University and licensed exclusively to Johnson & Johnson's Centocor division to develop Humira. Johnson & Johnson won the court case, and in 2009 Abbott was ordered to pay Johnson & Johnson $1.17 billion in lost revenues and $504 million in royalties.[102] The judge also added $175.6 million in interest to bring the total to $1.84 billion.[103] This was the largest patent-infringement award in U.S. history[102] until the 2013 decision against Teva in favor of Takeda and Pfizer for over 2.1 billion dollars.[104] Abbott has since successfully reversed the verdict at appeal.[105]
Baby powder[edit]
In February 2016, J&J was ordered to pay $72 million in damages to the family of Jacqueline Fox, a 62-year-old woman who died of ovarian cancer in 2015.[106] She had been sprinkling Johnson's Baby Powder on her underwear nearly every day since she was a teenager. J&J claimed that the safety of cosmetic talc is supported by decades of scientific evidence and it plans to appeal the verdict. The British charity, Ovacome was quoted as saying that while there were 16 studies which showed that using talc increased the risk of ovarian cancer by around a third, and a 2013 review of US studies had similar results for genital, but not general, talcum powder use they were not convinced that the results were reliable. Furthermore, Ovacome said, "Ovarian cancer is a rare disease, and increasing a small risk by a third still gives a small risk."[106]
By March 2017, over 1,000 U.S. women had sued J&J for covering up the possible cancer risk from its Baby Powder product; the company says that 70 percent of its Baby Powder is used by adults.[107]
See also[edit]


New Jersey portal
Companies portal
Medicine portal



Frederick Barnett Kilmer – Director of Scientific Laboratories from 1889 to 1934.
Zodiac – Historic schooner built for the Johnson family heirs.


References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Johnson & Johnson 2016 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 5, 2016. 
^ anonymous. "VisionCare Corporate - Our History". jnjvc.com. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/1709744668x0x881109/474857DD-8E67-43B1-BB38-0A9712D93545/2015_annual_report_.pdf "Johnson & Johnson 2015 Annual Report � Johnson & Johnson"] (PDF). www.jnj.com. February 24, 2016. Retrieved September 28, 2016.  replacement character in |title= at position 38 (help)
^ "J&J Company Structure - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Consumer Health Care". 
^ "Medical Devices". 
^ "Pharmaceutical Companies - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Horner, Shirley (February 15, 1987). "About Books". The New York Times. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ Conniff, Richard. The Natural History of the Rich: A Field Guide. W. W. Norton. p. 126. 
^ "Crazier then You and Me". New York Magazine. February 23, 1987: 129. 
^ Singer, Natasha (June 3, 2010). "Robert L. McNeil Jr., Chemist Who Introduced Tylenol, Dies at 94". The New York Times. Retrieved June 4, 2010. 
^ "Janssen Affiliate Cilag Acquires Covagen". GEN. 
^ Lopez-Munoz, Francisco; Alamo, Cecilio (2009). "The Consolidation of Neuroleptic Therapy: Janssen, the Discovery of Haloperidol and Its Introduction into Clinical Practice". Brain Research Bulletin. 79: 130–141. PMID 19186209. doi:10.1016/j.brainresbull.2009.01.005. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion Of Alios Biopharma Acquisition". Janssen. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Kura Oncology Licenses Janssen's Tipofarnib in Cancer". GEN. 
^ "GEN - News Highlights:Galapagos Regains Rights to GLPG1690 from Janssen". GEN. 
^ "Janssen Acquires XO1 Limited". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement To Acquire Novira Therapeutics, Inc.". Janssen. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Synthes Acquisition". 
^ "Depuy Synthes Companies Acquires Olive Medical Corporation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Companies Announces Acquisition Of Biomedical Enterprises, Inc., A Leader In Small Bone Fixation - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Codman Neuro Announces Acquisition Of Pulsar Vascular Inc., Expanding Neurovascular Treatment For Patients With Complex Aneurysms - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ Ltd, Insider Media. "Johnson & Johnson moves for Irish medical firm". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson buys Irish stroke care firm in multimillion euro deal". 
^ "DePuy Synthes Announces Acquisition of Sentio, LLC to Enable Innovation in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery - Johnson & Johnson". www.jnj.com.  line feed character in |title= at position 72 (help)
^ http://www.infogrok.com/index.php/pharmaceutical/centocor-ortho-biotech-acquires-respivert.html
^ "Janssen Joins MacroGenics in Up-to-$700M Cancer Collaboration". GEN. 
^ "Janssen, Isis Pharma Ink Up-to-$835M Antisense Agreement". GEN. 
^ "ETHICON History". www.ethiconproducts.co.uk. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "A history of advancing surgery". www.ethicon.com. Ethicon U.S., LLC. Retrieved 25 January 2016. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Mentor Corporation". 
^ "Ethicon Announces Agreement To Acquire NeuWave Medical, Inc.". FierceMedicalDevices. 
^ "Ethicon Announces Acquisition of Megadyne Medical Products, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson subsidiary buys Torax Medical". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson to buy Actelion for $30 billion, spin off R&D unit". Reuters. 26 January 2017. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Roland, Denise; D. Rockoff, Jonathan (January 26, 2017), Johnson & Johnson to Acquire Actelion in $30 Billion Deal, Wall Street Journal, retrieved January 27, 2017 
^ "BRIEF-Johnson & Johnson says Janssen Holding to acquire all publicly held shares of Actelion for $280 per share". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "J&J declares Actelion tender offer a success, sees closing in second quarter". March 31, 2017 – via Reuters. 
^ "Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Declares $30B Actelion Tender Successful; Controls 77.% of Voting Rights". 
^ Eva von Schaper; Ellen Gibson (6 October 2010). "J&J, Crucell Reach Agreement on $2.4 Billion Takeover". Bloomberg.com. 
^ "Biosense Webster, Inc. Announces Acquisition of Coherex Medical, Inc. - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Completion of Acquisition of Vogue International LLC - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Announces Agreement to Acquire Abbott Medical Optics - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ "Board of Directors". jnj.com. 
^ "Sandra E. Peterson to Join Johnson & Johnson as Group Worldwide Chairman and Member of the Executive Committee". Pharma Business Week. 24 September 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Our Leadership Team - Johnson & Johnson". 
^ 2 Long-Disputed Projects to Begin, The New York Times, July 9, 1977
^ Old Raritan Canal Lock Is Focus of a Classic Dispute, The New York Times, April 16, 1977.
^ "JOHNSON & JOHNSON ASIA-PACIFIC INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY HEADQUARTERS". March 14, 2002. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ "Downloads" (PDF). files.shareholder.com. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ Ruela Corrêa JC, D'Arcy DM, dos Reis Serra CH, Nunes Salgado HR (2012). "Darunavir: a critical review of its properties, use and drug interactions". Pharmacology. 90 (1-2): 102–9. PMID 22797653. doi:10.1159/000339862. 
^ "Wikipedia template filling". Tools.wmflabs.org. Retrieved 2014-05-29. 
^ "aidsinfo.nih.gov" (PDF). 
^ Kaplan G, Casoy J, Zummo J (2013). "Impact of long-acting injectable antipsychotics on medication adherence and clinical, functional, and economic outcomes of schizophrenia". Patient Prefer Adherence. 7: 1171–80. PMC 3833623 . PMID 24265549. doi:10.2147/PPA.S53795. 
^ Kane JM, Kishimoto T, Correll CU (August 2013). "Assessing the comparative effectiveness of long-acting injectable vs. oral antipsychotic medications in the prevention of relapse provides a case study in comparative effectiveness research in psychiatry". J Clin Epidemiol. 66 (8 Suppl): S37–41. PMID 23849151. doi:10.1016/j.jclinepi.2013.01.012. 
^ Fusar-Poli P, Kempton MJ, Rosenheck RA (March 2013). "Efficacy and safety of second-generation long-acting injections in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials". Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 28 (2): 57–66. PMID 23165366. doi:10.1097/YIC.0b013e32835b091f. 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "www.accessdata.fda.gov" (PDF). 
^ "FDA Approves 1st New Tuberculosis Drug in 40 Years". ABC News. Retrieved December 31, 2012. 
^ "Healthcare products - Medical technologies". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Healthcare products - consumer". jnj.com. Retrieved 13 March 2015. 
^ "Green Rankings". 
^ "Johnson & Johnson Official Site". Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Environment New Service, December 8, 2004. Retrieved May 4, 2008
^ "Coop America". March 27, 2008. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ "Department of Environmental Protection". Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Judith Rehak (March 23, 2002). "Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all". The New York Times. 
^ Toyota, what's so hard about doing the right thing?, Los Angeles Times, February 11, 2010
^ Jennifer Latson for Time Magazine Sept. 29, 2014 How Poisoned Tylenol Became a Crisis-Management Teaching Model
^ Judith Rehak for The New York Times. March 23, 2002 Tylenol made a hero of Johnson & Johnson : The recall that started them all
^ a b c "US firm recalls children's drugs". Aljazeera. May 1, 2010. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ a b c d Watts, Alex (May 2, 2010). "Warning As Baby Medicines Are Recalled". Sky News. Retrieved May 3, 2010. 
^ Deborah Cohen (May 14, 2011). "Out of joint: The story of the ASR". 
^ "FDA. Concerns about metal-on-metal hip implant systems. 2011". 2011. 
^ a b Meier, Barry (March 8, 2013). "J.&J. Loses First Case Over Faulty Hip Implant". New York Times. Retrieved September 4, 2013. 
^ a b Tylenol Recall Expands, WebMD Health News, January 18, 2010
^ "McNeil Consumer Healthcare Announces Voluntary Recall Of One Product Lot Of TYLENOL® Extra Strength Caplets 225 Count Distributed In The U.S.". 
^ "10-cv-2033, D. NJ., Sept. 29, 2011" (PDF). 
^ J&J, shareholders reach tentative deal in lawsuit By LINDA A. JOHNSON AP Business Writer / July 12, 2012
^ Gregory Wallace (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to pay $2 billion for false marketing". CNN Money. Retrieved November 6, 2013. 
^ J.&J. Fined $1.2 Billion in Drug Case NY Times, By KATIE THOMAS Published: April 11, 2012
^ Hilzenrath, David S. (January 16, 2010). "Justice suit accuses Johnson & Johnson of paying kickbacks". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ Singer, Natasha (January 15, 2010). "Johnson & Johnson Accused of Drug Kickbacks". The New York Times. Retrieved January 17, 2010. 
^ J&J Said to Agree to $2.2 Billion Drug Marketing Accord Bloomberg News. By Margaret Cronin Fisk, Jef Feeley & David Voreacos – June 11, 2012
^ Office of Public Affairs, Department of Justice (November 4, 2013). "Johnson & Johnson to Pay More Than $2.2 Billion to Resolve Criminal and Civil Investigations". United States Department of Justice. Retrieved 16 June 2015. 
^ Research Center Tied to Drug Company By Gardiner Harris, The New York Times, 2008
^ "Johnson & Johnson". www.sec.gov. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "J&J settles U.S., UK bribery, kickback charges". Reuters. April 8, 2011. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "SEC Charges Johnson & Johnson With Foreign Bribery". SEC. April 7, 2011. 
^ "J&J Reaches $33 Million Settlement with States". DrugWatch. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ Reuters (2017-05-24). "Johnson & Johnson settles drug manufacturing probe by US states for $33 million". The Economic Times. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "UPDATE 1-J&J settles drug manufacturing probe by U.S. states for $33 mln". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-07-05. 
^ "Trademark Status & Document Retrieval". uspto.gov. 
^ U.S. reservations to the 1949 Geneva Conventions (International Committee of the Red Cross website)
^ American Red Cross Defends Use of Emblem and Mission (American Red Cross press release, August 10, 2007)
^ "Red Cross Is Sued by J&J Over Signature Emblem" The Wall Street Journal August 9, 2007
^ Stephanie Saul (June 18, 2008). "Claim Over Red Cross Symbol Is Settled". The New York Times. 
^ Boston Scientific to Pay J&J $1.73B to Settle Stent Patent Disputes, The Wall Street Journal, February 2, 2010
^ J&J seeks over $5 billion in damages from Boston Scientific at trial. Reuters, 19 November 2014
^ a b Abbott Told to Pay Record $1.67 billion Award to J&J, Bloomberg News, June 29, 2009
^ Abbott Challenges $1.67 billion Patent Loss to J&J Over Humira, Bloomberg News, November 2, 2010
^ Pfizer, Takeda to Get $2.15 Billion Settlement, WSJ, 6 12 2013
^ "Bloomberg Business". Bloomberg.com. 
^ a b "Johnson & Johnson hit with $72m damages in talc-cancer case". BBC News. 24 February 2016. Retrieved 24 February 2016. 
^ Johnson & Johnson Has a Baby Powder Problem Bloomberg, Retrieved April 20, 2017.


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Johnson & Johnson.



Official website





Business data for Johnson & Johnson: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Johnson & Johnson



CEOs and presidents

Current: Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO

Robert Wood Johnson I
James Wood Johnson
Robert Wood Johnson II
Robert Wood Johnson III
Philip B. Hofmann
Richard B. Sellars
James E. Burke
Ralph S. Larsen





Selected subsidiaries



ALZA Corporation
Cilag
Crucell
DePuy, Inc.
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc.
Ethicon, Inc.
Independence Technology, LLC
J&J PRD
Janssen Biotech
Janssen Pharmaceutica
LifeScan
McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals
McNeil Nutritionals
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical
Ortho-Neutrogena
Penaten
Tibotec





Major brands



Acuvue
Aveeno
Band-Aid
Benadryl
Benecol (US license)
Caladryl
Clean & Clear
Desitin
Imodium
Johnson's Baby
Lactaid
Listerine
Motrin
Mylanta
Mylicon
Neosporin
Neutrogena
OneTouch
Pepcid
Plax
Rembrandt
Splenda
Sudafed
Tylenol
Visine








Annual revenue: US$74.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Annual net income: US$16.3 billion  (FY 2014)
Employees: 118,700












v
t
e


Pharmaceutical companies of the United States



Current



Abbott Laboratories
Acorda Therapeutics
Aderis Pharmaceuticals
Advaxis
Alcon
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alkermes
Allergan
Amgen
Avax Technologies
Baxter International
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
Biogen
Bioverativ
Biovest
Biovista
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Century Pharmaceuticals
Ceragenix Pharmaceuticals
Combe Incorporated
Cortex Pharmaceuticals
CytoSport
CytRx
Danco Laboratories
Eli Lilly and Company
Elorac
Endo Pharmaceuticals

Par Pharmaceutical


Galena Biopharma
GenVec
Genentech
Gilead Sciences
Institute for OneWorld Health
Intercept Pharmaceuticals
Johnson & Johnson

Ethicon
Janssen Biotech
McNeil Consumer Healthcare
Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical


Kinetic Concepts
Mallinckrodt
McKesson Corporation
Melinta Therapeutics (formerly Rib-X Pharmaceuticals)
Melior Discovery
Mentholatum
Merck & Co.
Mylan
Myriad Genetics
Northwest Biotherapeutics
Norwich Pharma Services
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
Ovation Pharmaceuticals
Perrigo
Pfizer

Hospira
Searle


Pharmaceutical Product Development
Prasco Laboratories
Procter & Gamble
Proteon Therapeutics
Purdue Pharma
Quark Pharmaceuticals
Regeneron
Repros Therapeutics
Sarepta Therapeutics
Savage Laboratories
Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals
Tec Laboratories
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries

Actavis
TAPI


Tiens Biotech Group
Titan Pharmaceuticals
Trevena Inc
Upsher-Smith Laboratories
Valeant Pharmaceuticals

Bausch & Lomb


Ventria Bioscience
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
West Pharmaceutical Services





Former



Alza
Amylin Pharmaceuticals
ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
Biolex
Bradley Pharmaceuticals
CancerVax
Cephalon
CoTherix
Covance
Covidien
Cubist Pharmaceuticals
Cutter Laboratories
DNAPrint Genomics
Epix Pharmaceuticals
Forest Laboratories
Genta
ImClone Systems
ISTA Pharmaceuticals
King Pharmaceuticals
KV Pharmaceutical
Leiner Health Products
Martek Biosciences Corporation
S. E. Massengill Company
Miles Laboratories
Naurex
Nereus Pharmaceuticals
Nuvelo
Organon International
Ortho Pharmaceutical
OSI Pharmaceuticals
Parke-Davis
Qualitest
Schering-Plough
Smith, Kline & French
Sterling Drug
Tanox
TAP Pharmaceutical Products
Trubion
Upjohn
Verus Pharmaceuticals
Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ViroPharma
Wyeth
Zonite Products Corporation








List of pharmaceutical companies












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


New Brunswick, New Jersey



History and Architecture



Buccleuch Mansion
Delaware and Raritan Canal
Henry Guest House
National Register of Historic Places
Queens Campus
Tallest buildings
Voorhees Mall
Willow Grove Cemetery





Arts and Entertainment



Crossroads Theatre
George Street Playhouse
Grease trucks
Hungarian Festival
Mason Gross School of the Arts
Music scene
New Jersey Film Festival
New Jersey Folk Festival
State Theatre
The Stress Factory
Zimmerli Museum of Fine Art
World Straight Pool Championship





Government and Education



Civic Square
Middlesex County College
New Brunswick Free Public Library
New Brunswick Main Post Office
New Brunswick Public Schools
Rutgers University
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey
Robert Wood Johnson Medical School





Economy and Healthcare



Bristol-Myers Squibb
Cancer Institute of New Jersey
Hoagland Longo
Johnson & Johnson
Magyar Bank
Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital
Saint Peter's University Hospital





Parks and Recreation



Boyd Park
Buccleuch Park
Delaware and Raritan Canal
East Jersey Olde Towne Village
Feaster Park
Johnson Park
Lawrence Brook
Lincoln Park
Mile Run
Raritan Landing
Rutgers Gardens
Westons Mill Pond





Transportation



Jersey Avenue Station
New Brunswick Station
New Jersey Transit buses
Rutgers Campus Buses
Suburban Trails
Route 18
Route 27
Route 91
Route 172





Neighborhoods



Civic Square
Edgebrook
Feaster Park
Fifth Ward
Lincoln Park
Livingston Avenue Historic District
Queens Campus
Raritan Gardens
Westons Mills






Coordinates: 40°29′55″N 74°26′37″W﻿ / ﻿40.49861°N 74.44361°W﻿ / 40.49861; -74.44361



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 157894482
LCCN: no94000514
ISNI: 0000 0001 2113 0582
GND: 272550-2
SUDOC: 175113343










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnson_%26_Johnson&oldid=791473915"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange1886 establishments in New JerseyCompanies based in New Brunswick, New JerseyAmerican companies established in 1886Dental companiesCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageJohnson & JohnsonMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesBuildings and structures in New Brunswick, New JerseyPersonal care companiesPharmaceutical companies based in New JerseyOrphan drug companiesLife sciences industryConglomerate companies of the United StatesPharmaceutical companies established in 1886Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse American English from October 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2015Coordinates not on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБългарскиČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתLietuviųMagyarNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 14:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Arnold J Johnson - Houston, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Arnold J Johnson in Houston, TX


Arnold J Johnson

                                                                           Intelius found that Arnold J Johnson  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Houston, TX.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Arnold Joseph Johnson


Get Report Now

Age

Arnold J Johnson is in his 60s

Arnold Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Santa Fe, NM
La Fayette, LA

Arnold's Relatives

Mary Johnson
Susie Johnson
Temeria Johnson
Kathleen Johnson







Arnold J Johnson



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Noble Energy Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Arnold? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Arnold, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Arnold J Johnson
Get a Criminal Check on Arnold J Johnson
Get a Public Record Report on Arnold J Johnson
Get a People Search Report on Arnold J Johnson


Arnold J Johnson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Arnold J Johnson has lived as well as Arnold J Johnson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Arnold J Johnson Has Lived in 3 States
Texas Address for Arnold J Johnson


2606 W****** S* 

Houston, TX


Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Santa Fe, NM


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Arnold J Johnson

(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(281) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(281) ***-**** - Houston, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Arnold J Johnson

a****d@***.com
a***********n@***.com
a************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Arnold J Johnson's Professional Information
Information regarding Arnold J Johnson's professional history.  Find out previous places Arnold J Johnson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Arnold J Johnson Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Noble Energy Inc
               Title: Vice President
Company: Noble Energy Inc
               Title: Secretary
Arnold J Johnson's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Noble Energy Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Noble Energy is a leading independent energy company engaged in worldwide oil and natural gas exploration and production. The Company has core operations onshore in the U.S., primarily in the DJ Basin and Marcellus Shale, in the Gulf of Mexico, offshore Eastern Mediterranean, and offshore West Africa. Noble Energy is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is traded under the ticker symbol NBL.
Title: Secretary
               Company: Noble Energy Inc
Job Details
               Noble Energy is a leading independent energy company engaged in worldwide oil and natural gas exploration and production. The Company has core operations onshore in the U.S., primarily in the DJ Basin and Marcellus Shale, in the Gulf of Mexico, offshore Eastern Mediterranean, and offshore West Africa. Noble Energy is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is traded under the ticker symbol NBL.
Additional Professional Information on Arnold J Johnson

 See Arnold J Johnson's LinkedIn Profile



Arnold J Johnson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Arnold J Johnson


Arnold J Johnson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Arnold J Johnson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Arnold Johnson
Username Matches

                  ArnoldJohnson
                  JohnsonArnold
                  Arnold.Johnson
                  Johnson.Arnold
                  Arnold_Johnson
                  Johnson_Arnold
                  Arnold-Johnson
                  Johnson-Arnold
                  AJohnson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Johnson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Arnold J Johnson - Chaska, MN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Arnold J Johnson in Chaska, MN


Arnold J Johnson

                                                                                                   Intelius found that Arnold J Johnson  is  between 80 and 90 years old from Chaska, MN.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Arnold J Johnson is in his 80s

Arnold Has Lived In

Chaska, MN
Shakopee, MN

Arnold's Relatives

Gail Johnson







Arnold J Johnson



Zodiac SignCapricorn



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Arnold? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Arnold, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Arnold J Johnson
Get a Criminal Check on Arnold J Johnson
Get a Public Record Report on Arnold J Johnson
Get a People Search Report on Arnold J Johnson


Arnold J Johnson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Arnold J Johnson has lived as well as Arnold J Johnson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Arnold J Johnson Has Lived in 1 States
Minnesota Address for Arnold J Johnson


201 W 2** S* 

Chaska, MN


Has Lived In

Chaska, MN
Shakopee, MN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Arnold J Johnson

(612) ***-**** - Chaska, MN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Arnold J Johnson



Get Email Report




Arnold J Johnson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Arnold J Johnson


Arnold J Johnson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Arnold J Johnson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Arnold Johnson
Username Matches

                  ArnoldJohnson
                  JohnsonArnold
                  Arnold.Johnson
                  Johnson.Arnold
                  Arnold_Johnson
                  Johnson_Arnold
                  Arnold-Johnson
                  Johnson-Arnold
                  AJohnson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Johnson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Arnold J. Johnson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Arnold J. Johnson
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Noble Energy, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Arnold J. Johnson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Arnold J. Johnson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Arnold J. Johnson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Arnold J. Johnson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Arnold J. Johnson through your network of contacts.
												








Arnold J. Johnson's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, 
Noble Energy, Inc.


Past
To view Arnold J. Johnson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
61

 
 


Arnold J. Johnson's Biography




			Arnold J. Johnson was elected Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in July 2008, and is currently responsible for corporate affairs, including the Company's legal, compliance, security and communications and government relations groups. He previously served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary beginning in February 2004 and as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary from January 2001. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Johnson held various positions with ARCO, Vastar and BP America.
		
Source: Noble Energy, Inc. on 03/02/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Arnold J. Johnson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Arnold J. Johnson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Arnold J. Johnson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Arnold J. Johnson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Arnold J. Johnson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Arnold J. Johnson


















Arnold J. Johnson's Connections (39)





Sign up now to view Arnold J. Johnson's 39 connections »









James C. Day
Board Member, Tidewater Inc.









Charles D. Davidson
Board Member, Loews Corporation









James E. Craddock
Former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Rosetta Resources, Inc.









Kenneth M. Fisher
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Noble Energy, Inc.









Rebecca A. McDonald
Former Board Member, CRH plc









David L. Stover
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Noble Energy, Inc.









Susan M. Cunningham
Former Executive Vice President, Environment, Health, Safety, Regulatory and New Frontiers, Noble Energy, Inc.









Ted D. Brown
Board Member, Flotek Industries, Inc.









William A. Poillion
Former Senior Vice President - Production and Drilling, Noble Energy, Inc.









Thomas J. Edelman
Board Member, Noble Energy, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Johnson & Johnson refills drug cabinet with $30 billion Actelion deal | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport6 months agoJohnson & Johnson refills drug cabinet with $30 billion Actelion deal#Amazon#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedThe Trump administration White House spokesman Spicer out as Trump seeks to fix imageBusiness Democrats urge review of Amazon's Whole Foods bidBreakingviewsPuppy love keeps IPO investors on the leashPicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#DealsJanuary 26, 2017 /  6:34 AM / 6 months agoJohnson & Johnson refills drug cabinet with $30 billion Actelion dealJohn Miller and Paul Arnold6 Min ReadALLSCHWIL, Switzerland (Reuters) - U.S. healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) will buy Swiss biotech company Actelion (ATLN.S) in a $30 billion all-cash deal that includes spinning off Actelion's research and development pipeline, the companies said on Thursday. The biggest European drugs takeover in 13 years gives J&J access to the Swiss group's range of high-price, high-margin medicines for rare diseases, helping it diversify its drug portfolio as its biggest product,  Remicade for arthritis, faces cheaper competition.  The offer to pay $280 per share, following weeks of exclusive talks, was unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies. The deal represents a 23 percent premium to Actelion's closing price on Wednesday and is more than 80 percent above the Nov. 23 closing price before reports emerged that Europe's biggest biotech company had attracted takeover interest. Actelion shares jumped 20 percent to 273.30 francs by 1350 GMT as investors welcomed the deal. "The structure is very attractive," said Eleanor Taylor Jolidon, a fund manager at Union Bancaire Privee in Geneva, a top-40 Actelion investor. The price vindicates the strategy of cardiologist Jean-Paul Clozel, who co-founded the company with his pediatrician wife Martine and friends in 1997, and has fended off bids over the years in the belief he could increase Actelion's value by keeping it independent. "The price is quite high at around 30 times price to estimated 2018 earnings. J&J is paying a lot and R&D is not even included, just a substantial minority stake," one Zurich-based trader said. "But it represents only 10 percent of (J&J's) market capitalization and they are finally investing the cash they hold in Europe."  Related CoverageFactbox: J&J-Actelion the largest European pharma deal in 13 yearsAdvisers could land $100 million payday from Actelion saleJefferies analysts said they did not expect any counterbids or competition concerns, while Berenberg analysts called it "a fantastic deal for Actelion and its shareholders" given concerns about the long-term growth prospects for its main products. Actelion has been the subject of takeover speculation for weeks after J&J launched and then halted discussions with the Swiss company. French drugmaker Sanofi (SASY.PA) had also been interested, sources said, but was sidelined after J&J returned and began exclusive negotiations in December. Sanofi's failure to come away with a big deal for a second time has added to pressure on its management. Clozel said the J&J offer -- putting Actelion's established drugs into its bigger commercial organization while leaving riskier early-stage R&D assets in the new 600-employee company for Clozel to develop -- convinced him this was the right one. "With this structure it was not difficult," he told Reuters after a news conference. "It's always emotional but it's not difficult. Because frankly it's a good solution for everybody."   A Johnson & Johnson building is shown in Irvine, California, U.S., January 24, 2017.Mike BlakeThe deal makes the Clozels billionaires.    R&D Business J&J said it expected the transaction to be immediately accretive to its adjusted earnings per share and accelerate its revenue and earnings growth rates although synergies were set to play just a small role.  The U.S. group, which reported disappointing quarterly results this week, will fund the transaction with cash held outside the United States. FILE PHOTO: A general view shows Swiss biotech group Actelion Headquarters in Allschwil, Switzerland, April 23, 2011.Christian Hartmann/File Photo"We believe this transaction offers compelling value to both Johnson & Johnson and Actelion shareholders," Alex Gorsky, J&J chairman and chief executive, said in a statement. Actelion will spin out its research and development unit into a standalone company based and listed in Switzerland, under the working title of R&D NewCo and led by Clozel. The break-up plan was first reported by Reuters last month. The shares of R&D NewCo will be distributed to Actelion's shareholders as a stock dividend and the new unit will be launched with 1 billion francs in cash. Urs Beck, fund manager at EFG Asset Management that holds Actelion shares, hailed the transaction. "J&J is a good partner with a huge distribution network. For Actelion's founders that is certainly a good solution. Mr and Ms Clozel can do research for another 20 years and J&J has gained an interesting indication," he said. "It's a huge deal and J&J plays in a different league from Sanofi, they can finance that without difficulties. I don't see Sanofi stepping in with a higher offer at some point, that doesn't make sense any more," he added. J&J will initially hold a 16 percent stake in R&D NewCo and will have rights to an additional 16 percent of the company's equity through a convertible note. It agreed not to sell its stake on the open market for two years.  It will also get an option on ACT-132577, a product within R&D NewCo being developed for resistant hypertension and now in phase 2 clinical development.  Lazard acted as lead financial advisor to J&J, while Bank of America Merrill Lynch was Actelion's lead advisor.  The transaction is expected to close by the end of the second quarter, with J&J commencing the tender offer by mid-February. It needs to win at least 67 percent of all Actelion shares, regulatory approvals and Actelion shareholder approval of the distribution of shares of R&D NewCo. Additional reporting by John Revill, Silke Koltrowitz, Ben Hirschler, Rupert Pretterklieber and Caroline Humer0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.


























johnson arnold - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Johnson Arnold | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Johnson Arnold's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





We Found Arnold Johnson - See Current Address, Cell Phone.



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​Arnold johnson



See Current Address, Cell Phone. Email, and More. Search For Free.




Arnold Name Meaning - Origins, Family History & More



Ad
 ·
www.myheritage.com/​Arnold



Find more Arnold information & records on MyHeritage - Easy & Free!


myheritage.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(567 reviews)





Smith



Johnson



Williams



Jones



Brown



Davis
















Arnold Johnson




Arnold M. Johnson (Jan. 11, 1906 in Chicago, Illinois – March 3, 1960 in West Palm Beach, Florida) was an American industrialist, businessman and sportsman, who purchased the Philadelphia

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

'The Rock' In 'Terminator 5'? Rumor Has Dwayne Johnson ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/21/the-rock-terminator-5_n_3477982.html


From the files of internet speculation comes this gem about Dwayne Johnson possibly starring with Arnold Schwarzenegger in the recently fast-tracked ...


Arnold Johnson (physician) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Arnold_Johnson_(physician)


Arnold Johnson, M.D., C.M., FRCPC, (1916 – October 19, 2006) was a Canadian cardiologist and founder of the Department of Cardiology at McMaster University. He is ...


Arnold Johnson (actor) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Arnold_Johnson_(actor)


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


11 of the Richest Athletes of All Time | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/gobankingrates/11-of-the-richest-athlete_b...


Magic Johnson Net Worth: ... Arnold Palmer Net Worth: $675 Million. ... 11 of the Richest Athletes of All Time. ABOUT US; ADVERTISE;


Arnold Johnson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Arnold_Johnson


Arnold M. Johnson (Jan. 11, 1906 in Chicago, Illinois – March 3, 1960 in West Palm Beach, Florida) was an American industrialist, businessman and sportsman, who ...


Arnie Johnson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Arnie_Johnson


Arnie Johnson (May 16, 1920 – June 6, ... Monroe Community College in New York established the Arnold L. Johnson Endowed Memorial Scholarship for student athletes.


Arnold Johnson (musician) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Arnold_Johnson_(musician)


Arnold Johnson (March 23, 1893, Chicago - July 25, 1975, St. Petersburg, Florida) was an American big band pianist, arranger, composer, and leader during the swing ...


Arnold Palmer - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/news/arnold-palmer


Arnold Palmer recommended taking control, and getting on with your life. He urged PSA screening for prostate cancer when appropriate and choosing the best therapy.


The Top 10 Best Political Leaders We Need Right Now | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/culturalist/the-top-10-best-political_b...


The Top 10 Best Political Leaders We Need Right Now. By Culturalist. Culturalist.com is the place to shape, ... Lyndon B. Johnson Arnold Newman/White House


Arnold Schwarzenegger's back? He's not ruling out a 2018 ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/03/10/arnold-schwarzenegger...


Arnold Schwarzenegger's back? He's not ruling out a 2018 senate run. Share. Ted Johnson. Mar 10th 2017 10:32AM. ... Arnold Schwarzenegger's gubernatorial ...










We Found Johnson Arnold | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Johnson Arnold's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





We Found Arnold Johnson - See Current Address, Cell Phone.



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​Arnold johnson



See Current Address, Cell Phone. Email, and More. Search For Free.




Arnold Name Meaning - Origins, Family History & More



Ad
 ·
www.myheritage.com/​Arnold



Find more Arnold information & records on MyHeritage - Easy & Free!


myheritage.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(567 reviews)





Smith



Johnson



Williams



Jones



Brown



Davis




Searches related tojohnson arnold



actor arnold johnson


arnold johnson obituary


arnold johnson noble energy


arnold johnson obituary florida



arnold johnson jr


andrea johnson arnold


arnold johnson actor movies


robert arnold johnson




12345Next

Related Searches



actor arnold johnson


arnold johnson obituary


arnold johnson noble energy


arnold johnson obituary florida


arnold johnson jr


andrea johnson arnold


arnold johnson actor movies


robert arnold johnson




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 