





Johnston, Steven J. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Steven J. Johnston
STEVEN J. JOHNSTON was appointed Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of State Auto Financial Corporation in 1997, and became
Senior Vice President in 1999. Prior to that, he served as Vice
President, Assistant to the President and Chief Actuary.
Originally joining State Auto in 1982, Mr. Johnston served as
Manager of Commercial Lines Pricing before leaving for a brief
period in the late 1980s. He rejoined the companies in 1990 as
Director of Actuarial Services. He is a member of the American
Academy of Actuaries and a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial
Society, the latter of which is an extremely accomplished and
rare distinction among his peers. Mr. Johnston earned a Bachelor
of Science degree in Mathematics from Otterbein College in
Westerville, Ohio.
Related Interviews:Robert Moone - State Auto Financial Corporation (stfc)December 03, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












Services | Johnston Steven J Fairfield, OH 45014 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeAnnuities & Retirement Insurance Plans near Fairfield, OHJohnston Steven JServicesJohnston Steven J6200 S Gilmore Rd, Fairfield, OH 45014(513) 870-2565View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishInsurance PersonalAnnuities"The Cincinnati Insurance Companies" and "Cincinnati" refer to member companies of our insurer group providing property and casualty coverages through The Cincinnati Insurance Company or one of its wholly owned subsidiaries – The Cincinnati Indemnity Company, The Cincinnati Casualty Company or The Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters Insurance Company – and life and disability income insurance and annuities through The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company. Not all subsidiaries operate in all states. Each insurer has sole financial responsibility for its own products. Cincinnati Financial Corporation and subsidiaries are located at 6200 S Gilmore Road, Fairfield, OH 45014-5141. For information, quotes, policy service or coverage availability, please contact your local independent agent. For other matters, please send mail to P.O. Box 145496, Cincinnati, OH 45250-5496. Not all of Cincinnati’s products or services are available in every area. Insurance terms and limits vary by jurisdiction. Descriptions of coverage on these pages are limited by the terms, conditions, definitions and exclusions of Cincinnati’s policies. Coverage descriptions and product information are not representations of the law. They are not intended to constitute legal, accounting or financial advice. Statements regarding potential liability responsibility are based on general common law tort principles and/or standard statutes, both of which can be very fact-specific and vary by jurisdiction. The general information given here may not apply in every situation.PropertyHome InsuranceBusinessBusiness InsuranceProfessional Liability InsuranceYou can add coverage for some residential businesses and your professional liability to the same policy at competitive rates.Health and LifeLife InsuranceInterested in representing The Cincinnati Insurance Company or The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company? Let us know by using the links below, and we'll get you started...Long Term CareThis notice explains how we treat health information we obtain in connection with health, long-term care or Medicare supplement policies.Motor VehicleAuto InsuranceNot all car insurance is created equal. In fact, we've conveniently listed some of the reasons our auto policy stands out from the crowd.Send to PhoneJohnston Steven J6200 S Gilmore Rd, Fairfield, OH 45014(513) 870-2565Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailJohnston Steven J6200 S Gilmore Rd, Fairfield, OH 45014(513) 870-2565Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Steven Johnston, Cincinnati Financial Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



















Feedback





Steven Johnston

President/CEO,
Cincinnati Financial Corp







Website:
www.cinfin.com






Corporate Information
Address:

6200 South Gilmore Road
Fairfield, OH 45014-5141
United States


Phone:
1-513-870-2000


Fax:
1-513-870-2066


Web url:
www.cinfin.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Steven  Johnston in          Austin, TX
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search






We did not find Steven  Johnston in          Austin, TX
   


         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Stephen J. Johnson - Attorney At Law








		Call Today for a Free Consultation: 985-868-9600
 

 









Personal Injury
Steve Johnson’s practice is devoted 100% to the representation of persons injured on and off the job.
The types of claims and cases our firm handles include Personal Injury, Auto Accidents, and Offshore Injury.	Contact	us	today to get started.


About Us
When Steve Johnson takes your case, 24 years of legal experience helps to guide you through the complicated arena of personal injury law.        You get a level of knowledge and technical proficiency that can make all the difference, particularly in the firm’s focus area of Jones Act/Maritime Law. But, what really defines representation by Attorney Steve Johnson and his firm is their deep and long-lasting commitment to see that you get the help you need and the compensation you deserve.	
						





Case Types 

Jones Act / Maritime Law
Offshore Platforms
18-Wheeler Accidents
Burn Injuries
Product Liabilities
Personal Injury



About Us
When Steve Johnson takes your case, you can count on years of legal experience to help guide you through the complicated arena of personal injury law.
Read More


Services
Jones Act / Maritime Law, 18-Wheeler Accidents, Burn Injuries, Product Liabilities and Personal Injury are some of types of cases we handle.
Read More


Frequently Asked
Do you need a lawyer? Will you need to go to court, or will your case settle? Answers to the most frequently asked questions can be found here.
Read More




































Johnson & Johnson - Drug Company History, Products & Lawsuits



















Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.




 
 
 

Menu




(888) 645-1617




Big Pharma & Medical Device ManufacturersJohnson & JohnsonJohnson & JohnsonJohnson & Johnson is the largest healthcare company in the world and consistently remains at the top of the Big Pharma list of powerful corporations. With annual revenue of $71.89 billion, J&J ranked number one among drug companies by revenue in 2016. It easily outranked the second-largest company, Bayer, with revenue of $51.4 billion.Jump To TopicHistoryTylenol CrisisRisperdal ControversyProblematic Drugs & Medical DevicesMultibillion-dollar Drug PipelineJump To TopicSelect TopicHistoryTylenol CrisisRisperdal ControversyProblematic Drugs & Medical DevicesMultibillion-dollar Drug PipelineEstablished: 1886
Headquarters: New Brunswick, New Jersey
2016 Revenue: $71.89 billion
Founders: Robert, James and Edward Johnson
Size: 127,100 employees
Subsidiaries: Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Ethicon, DePuy Orthopaedics, McNeil Consumer Pharmaceuticals Co., Neutrogena and more
Since three Johnson brothers founded it in 1886, J&J has built a health care empire that includes prescription and over-the-counter drugs, orthopedic implants, surgical products and household products. The most popular brands include Band-Aids, Tylenol, Johnson’s Baby Power and Acuvue contact lenses.
While J&J is famous for its consumer health care products such as baby powder, 91 percent of its revenue comes from prescription drugs and medical devices.
The company is broken into three divisions: consumer health care, medical devices and diagnostics, and pharmaceuticals. The company has approximately 250 subsidiaries, including Cilag, DePuy, Ethicon, Janssen, McNeil and Neutrogena.
J&J is also one of the most admired drug companies. In 2017, it ranked 13 in Fortune’s Most Admired Companies list — the only drug company to crack the top 50.
Johnson & Johnson Headquarters in New Brunswick, New Jersey 
The heath care giant professes to put the people before profits. Its mission statement, called “Our Credo,” begins with, “We believe our first responsibility is to the doctors, nurses and patients, to mothers and fathers and all others who use our products and services.”
But those harmed by the megacorporation’s products might question this credo.
Despite J&J’s accolades and its success, the company has also had its fair share of scandals, government investigations, drug and device recalls and lawsuits related to products that injured thousands of people.
In fact, a notable investigation by Steven Brill for Huffington Post Highline called J&J “America’s most admired lawbreaker.”
The History of Johnson & Johnson
The three Johnson brothers — Robert, James and Edward — founded the company in 1886 in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Their initial focus was on bandages, sterile sutures, wound care and baby products. Their first-aid kits, originally sold to railroad workers, would later become a staple in nearly every household. They also sold women’s health products, including sanitary protection products and maternity kits with first-aid products to assist in home births. J&J celebrated its 130th anniversary in 2016.
Band-Aids and Baby Powder
J&J employee Earle Dickson invented Band-Aid adhesive bandages in 1920, the first self-applied dressing for small wounds sold commercially.
Frederick Kilmer, the director of J&J’s Scientific Affairs from 1889 to 1934, was renowned for pitching antiseptic methods for treating wounds. He distributed a booklet with a summary of doctor and surgeon views on wound care. Another of his accomplishments was marketing talcum powder to soothe skin and selling it as baby powder.
Birth Control Revolution
From 1963 to 1973, under the leadership of then-CEO Philip Hofmann, J&J sold birth control and personal care products and a treatment for schizophrenia. Early on, J&J subsidiary Ortho developed the first prescription contraceptive gel. And in 1963, Ortho manufactured birth control pills called Ortho-Novum, which helped launch the birth-control pill revolution in the United States.
The Birth of an Iconic Pain Reliever
J&J acquired two key companies in 1959: Cilag Chemie in Europe and McNeil Laboratories in the United States. McNeil developed the first aspirin-free pain reliever, Tylenol Children’s Elixir.

Tylenol comes in various pill and capsule forms
A year later, the medication was available over the counter and became the most recommended pain reliever by pediatricians.
The next year, J&J marketed the drug to adults. By the 1980s, Tylenol was the leading pain-killer medication in the U.S. The drug remains one of J&J’s most iconic, recognizable brands. Its active ingredient, acetaminophen, is included in a number of over-the-counter and prescription medications.
Janssen, Ethicon and DePuy Orthopaedics
In 1961, J&J acquired Janssen Pharmaceuticals, which had begun as a small research laboratory in Belgium in 1953. Dr. Paul Janssen and his team discovered new medications to treat pain, help with mental illness, fight infection and treat digestive problems. Janssen is known as one of the most innovative and prolific researchers of the 20th century. His discoveries include Fentanyl (an anesthetic), Reasec (diarrhea treatment) and Haldol (schizophrenia) — which enabled patients to live at home rather than in an institution.


J&J’s subsidiaries Ethicon and DePuy Orthopaedics allowed the company to expand into surgical products and orthopedic implants.

Janssen Pharmaceuticals became J&J’s marketer and manufacturer of blockbuster prescription drugs including Invokana (canagliflozin) for Type 2 diabetes, Risperdal (risperidone) an antipsychotic and Xarelto (rivaroxiban) a blood thinner.
J&J started Ethicon as a suture business in 1949. One of Ethicon’s innovative products was a disposable skin stapler which allowed the company to enter the mechanical wound closure business. Throughout the 1990s, Ethicon developed minimally invasive surgery techniques, where small incisions allow patients to heal quicker. One of these tools for minimally invasive surgery — the power morcellator — helped surgeons perform complex surgeries with less blood loss and shorter recovery times.
DePuy Orthopaedics joined the long list of J&J subsidiaries in 1998 when the drug maker bought the medical device company for $3.5 billion. DePuy manufactures hip and knee implants and other medical devices.
Stents and HIV Treatment
Another surgical endeavor J&J invested in was the Palmaz-Schatz stent, the first coronary stent. Julio Palmaz designed the stent and sold the patent to J&J. J&J provided the funds to finish developing the idea and then market it. This new product kept vessels open to allow blood to reach the heart, and revolutionized cardiology.
J&J purchased Pfizer’s consumer health care unit in 2006, bringing in products such as Listerine for bad breath, Lubriderm for dry skin, Rogaine for hair loss, Bengay for sore muscles and more.
The company remains focused on global concerns such as HIV/AIDS. It acquired Tibotec-Virco BVBA, a company dedicated to helping people with HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and other infectious diseases, in 2002.
The Tylenol Crisis
The Tylenol Crisis of 1982 was one of J&J’s most challenging recalls. It also provided a blueprint for future mass recalls. The company showed it was a master at reputation management in the face of bad publicity. In 1982, seven people in Chicago died after taking Extra-Strength Tylenol laced with cyanide. According to reports, an unknown suspect took the product from shelves, added cyanide and returned the products to the shelves.

Tylenol Recall
J&J recalled 31 million bottles of Tylenol at a loss of more than $100 million.

J&J immediately recalled 31 million bottles of Tylenol at a loss of more than $100 million, but never discovered who had tampered with the seven bottles.
Tylenol had 37 percent of the pain reliever market prior to the crisis. After, it fell to 7 percent. To recover from the massive blow to its reputation, J&J reintroduced Tylenol with tamper-resistant packaging, offered discounts and sent an army of more than 2,200 salespeople to doctors’ offices to restore confidence in the product. After J&J’s efforts, Tylenol regained most of its market share, climbing to 30 percent.
Then CEO James E. Burke got credit for leading the company through the crisis and restoring Tylenol’s reputation.
The Risperdal Controversy
J&J’s antipsychotic Risperdal (risperidone) made billions for the company. It also saddled them with thousands of lawsuits, including a criminal fine of $334 million for questionable marketing tactics. Documents revealed in lawsuits show how the company encouraged and incentivized its sales staff to illegally target doctors and clinics that treated children and the elderly — knowing that the drug could kill seniors and wasn’t proven safe or effective in children.

J&J created Risperdal to make up for Haldol’s loss of patent
It all began in 1986 when J&J’s profitable antipsychotic Haldol (haloperidol) lost patent. The company needed another multibillion-dollar blockbuster drug to replace its lost revenue. Risperdal was the answer. However, the FDA only approved the drug for use in schizophrenic adults — a very small part of the population. In order for the drug to be successful, millions of people would have to use it.
J&J knew it had to sell its drugs for additional uses to the elderly and children.
The drug giant wanted to market Risperdal as superior to Haldol and include comparisons on Risperdal’s drug label. The FDA disagreed. Dr. Robert Temple, an FDA clinical trial specialist, called the strategy unacceptable because it would lead “to the conclusion that Risperdal has been shown to be superior to [Haldol] when, in fact, it has not.”
The FDAs stance didn’t stop J&J from continuing to propose Risperdal for use in the elderly and children. The FDA continued to refuse to allow these uses on the drug’s label. In fact, Risperdal’s early clinical trials in children and the elderly found a high number of side effects, some serious — including an increased risk of stroke and heart-related problems in the elderly.
Selling Risperdal to Doctors and Nursing Homes
If J&J couldn’t get FDA approval, it would make its sales goal by using doctors to recommend it to their patients. While manufacturers cannot legally market a drug for off label — a use not approved by the FDA — doctors are allowed to prescribe a drug for any use.
Then Risperdal Sales Manager Alex Gorsky led the sales team and provided strategy to sell Risperdal. Gorsky is now the company’s CEO.





"We started looking hard for ways to go after these customers — pediatricians, nursing home doctors, mental health facilities, even school guidance counselors. We had to."- a former Janssen salesman told journalist Steven Brill




J&J began paying doctors in 1995 to push Risperdal and get it put on preferred Medicaid drug lists, and it worked. For example, in Texas, Medicaid spent $250 per patient with generic Haldol. After J&J pushed Risperdal in 1999, it spent $3,000 per patient.
Risperdal salespeople then went into nursing homes and the offices of pediatric psychiatrists. They paid millions of dollars in rebates and fees to Omnicare pharmacists in return for Risperdal sales to nursing homes. Salespeople incentivized doctors to prescribe Risperdal in exchange for paid speaking engagements.
They distributed literature saying that Risperdal was safe and effective for “treating hostility in the elderly.” The company also minimized any mention of side effects including a large number of deaths.
By the end of 2000, Risperdal made $1.08 billion a year for J&J. About half of the sales came from selling the drug to children and the elderly.
J&J Guilty of Misbranding Risperdal
For over a decade, J&J reaped the benefits of misbranding Risperdal, raking in billions.
In 2013, the Department of Justice ordered J&J to pay more than $2.2 billion “to resolve criminal and civil liability arising from allegations relating to the prescription drugs Risperdal, Invega and Natrecor, including promotion for uses not approved as safe and effective by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and payment of kickbacks to physicians and to the nation’s largest long-term care pharmacy provider.”
J&J’s Janssen unit “Janssen admitted that it promoted Risperdal to health care providers for treatment of psychotic symptoms and associated behavioral disturbances exhibited by elderly, non-schizophrenic dementia patients.”
It did not admit guilt in pushing the drug to children, but it agreed to pay fines associated with the charge.
The company also faces close to 17,000 lawsuits filed by the families of children who say the drug caused gynecomastia — female breast growth in boys.
J&J’s Problematic Drugs and Medical Devices
Risperdal wasn’t the only problematic J&J product. Among the millions of products Johnson & Johnson sold over the years, several pose a serious risk to consumers. In lawsuits, internal documents surfaced showing J&J and its subsidiaries knew about problems but sold the products anyway.
After reports of complications from consumers and physicians, the FDA, legal experts and patients themselves have taken action against J&J. The company faces more than 100,000 lawsuits for its defective products.






Hip Implants




DePuy, J&J’s medical device subsidiary, was one of the first device manufacturers to use a metal-on-metal hip design. It introduced the Pinnacle Hip Replacement System in 2000, the ASR Hip Resurfacing System (sold internationally) in 2003 and the ASR XL Acetabular System in 2005. DePuy Pinnacle systems have been used in up to 40,000 U.S. patients, as have 37,000 ASR products.
But the metal ball and cup components rub together and can release metal ions into the bloodstream, causing metallosis, or metal poisoning. Patients may also experience loosening of the implant or joint dislocation, and may require additional surgeries.
Because of problems with the implants and serious injuries to patients, the FDA investigated ASR and Pinnacle implants. DePuy recalled the ASR implants and discontinued the Pinnacle implants.




Learn More





Transvaginal Mesh




In the late 1990s, Ethicon and several other device manufacturers introduced vaginal mesh implants. These products were designed to treat pelvic organ prolapse (POP) and stress urinary incontinence (SUI), conditions experienced by older women following menopause, childbirth or a hysterectomy. In 2010, nearly 300,000 U.S. women received a transvaginal mesh implant.
Many women experienced debilitating side effects from the implants, including perforation of organs, vaginal bleeding and scarring, mesh erosion and severe pain. Ethicon stopped manufacturing several of its mesh products in August 2012, including its Gynecare Prolift Kit, Gynecare Prolift + M Kit, Gynecare TVT Secure and Gynecare Prosima Pelvic Floor Repair System Kit.
Internal documents unsealed as a result of litigation in 2012 suggest J&J sold its Prolift+M mesh in 2007 without proper FDA clearance. In fact, the FDA requested J&J stop selling the device, but the company left it on the market. The FDA finally cleared the device in 2008, but it did not take corrective action against the device maker, Bloomberg reported.




Learn More





Power Morcellators




Ethicon is one of a number of companies that manufactured power morellators. The devices used during hysterectomies and fibroid surgeries in women can cause hidden uterine cancer to spread. The result can be a rapid development of the disease, which can be deadly.
The FDA warned the morcellators could increase the development of cancer in women in 2014, and J&J pulled its devices from the market the same year. In early 2015, the Federal Bureau of Investigation began an investigation into the company’s knowledge of the device’s risks.
The Government Accountability Office also began an investigation into the FDA’s clearance of the devices after members of Congress claimed the devices may have harmed thousands of women.




Learn More





Invokana, Invokamet and Invokamet XR




Janssen developed the Type 2 diabetes drug Invokana, the first sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor to receive FDA approval.
Approved in 2013, the FDA began noticing problems with Invokana in 2015. The agency warned SGLT2 inhibitors can cause a deadly condition called ketoacidosis in which the body produces dangerous acids called ketones.
The FDA has since issued several more safety communications for Invokana including a black box warning for an increased risk of foot and leg amputations.




Learn More






J&J’s Multibillion-dollar Drug Pipeline
Legal worries and controversy has not slowed the drug giant. In May 2017, J&J announced it had 11 new drugs in its development pipeline with billion-dollar potential.
Some of the diseases these drugs could treat include depression, prostate cancer, solid tumors, rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and influenza.
The drugmaker says the FDA has not yet approved these drugs, but they could be well on their way to megadrug status by 2021.







 

Author Michelle Llamas 
Michelle Y. Llamas is a senior content writer and researcher for Drugwatch. She is also the host of the Drugwatch Podcast where she talks to patients, experts and advocates about drugs, medical devices and health. She uses her technical writing experience to provide easy-to-understand information on how drugs and devices work. But she also tells people what happens when products that are supposed to improve their lives can hurt them. 
mllamas@drugwatch.com









View Sources



Johnson & Johnson. (2013, January 22). Johnson & Johnson 2012 fourth-quarter and full-year results. Retrieved from http://www.investor.jnj.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=734718 
Johnson & Johnson. (2012, January 1). Subsidiaries. Retrieved from http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/JNJ/0x0x564066/6b60fc92-8ac9-4933-82a4-f4a1579b6f01/2012_10-K_Exhibit_21.pdf 
Saul, S. (2006, June 27). Johnson & Johnson buys Pfizer unit for $16.6 billion. The New York Times. Retrieved from http://www.nytimes.com/2006/06/27/business/27johnson.html?_r=0 
Johnson & Johnson. (2012, January 23). Johnson & Johnson reports 2011 fourth-quarter and full-year results. Retrieved from http://www.jnj.com/news/all/johnson-and-johnson-reports-2011-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-results 
Perrone, M. (2012, December 31). FDA approves 1st new tuberculosis drug in 40 years. Retrieved from http://news.yahoo.com/fda-approves-1st-tuberculosis-drug-40-years-152508824--finance.html 
Fisk, M. & Voreacos, D. (2012, August 30). J&J will pay $181 million to settle Risperdal ad claims. Bloomberg. Retrieved from http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-08-30/j-j-will-pay-181-million-to-settle-risperdal-ad-claims.html 
Feeley, J. & Voreacos, D. (2013, January 23). J&J predicted 37% hip-failure rate. Bloomberg. Retrieved from http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-01-23/j-j-study-showed-37-percent-hip-failure-rate-records-found.html 
Johnson & Johnson. (2011, October 18). The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved from http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/jnj/profile 
Profile: Johnson & Johnson. (2013, January 23). Reuters. Retrieved from http://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/companyProfile?symbol=JNJ.N 
Rockoff, J. (2013, January 23). When J&J learned of implant problems. The Wall Street Journal.
Abelson, R. & Singer, N. (2011, January 15). Can Johnson & Johnson get its act together? The New York Times. Retrieved from http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/16/business/16johnson-and-johnson.html?pagewanted=all 
Rocco, M. (2013, January 22). Johnson & Johnson 4Q beats, outlook disappoints. Fox Business. Retrieved from http://www.foxbusiness.com/industries/2013/01/22/johnson-johnson-4q-beats-outlook-disappoints/ 
Janssen Global Services. (2013, January 24). The Dr. Paul Janssen Award. Retrieved from http://www.pauljanssenaward.com/ 
Sell, D. (2015, February 25). Johnson & Johnson loses first Risperdal jury trial. Philadelphia Inquirer. Retrieved from http://www.philly.com/philly/business/ 
Brill, S. (2015). America’s Most Admired Lawbreaker. Huffington Post Highline. Retrieved from: http://highline.huffingtonpost.com/miracleindustry/americas-most-admired-lawbreaker/ 
Levitz, J. (2015, May 27). FBI is investigating hysterectomy device found to spread uterine cancer. The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved from: http://www.wsj.com/articles/fbi-is-investigating-surgical-device-1432746641 
U.S Food and Drug Administration. (2014, April 17.) Laparoscopic Uterine Power Morcellation in Hysterectomy and Myomectomy: FDA Safety Communication. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/safety/alertsandnotices/ucm393576.htm 
Schneider, M. (2014, April 30). Johnson & Johnson halts power morcellator sales, for now. Ob.Gyn. News. Retrieved from: http://www.obgynnews.com/single-view/johnson-johnson-halts-power-morcellator-sales-for-now/2caa672cefc24d81f83d3734a07f5bc3.html 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA). (2014, November 25). Immediately in effect guidance document: Product labeling for laparoscopic power morcellators. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/downloads/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocuments/UCM424123.pdf 
FDA. (2015, May 15). FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA warns that SGLT2 inhibitors for diabetes may result in a serious condition of too much acid in the blood. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm446845.htm 
Cefalu, W.T. & Riddle, M.C. (2015). SGLT2 Inhibitors: The Latest “New Kids on the Block”! Diabetes Care. Retrieved from http://care.diabetesjournals.org/content/38/3/352.full 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration. (2015, August 28). FDA drug safety communication: FDA warns that DPP-4 inhibitors for type 2 diabetes may cause severe joint pain. Retrieved from http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm459579.htm 
Ramsey, L. (2017, May 17). The world's largest drugmaker thinks it has 11 billion-dollar drugs in the pipeline — here's what they treat. Retrieved from http://www.businessinsider.com/johnson-and-johnson-blockbuster-drug-potentials-by-2021-2017-5 
Mass Device. (2012, June 26). J&J says unsealed FDA letters on vaginal mesh sales taken “out of context”. Retrieved from http://www.massdevice.com/jj-says-unsealed-fda-letters-vaginal-mesh-sales-taken-out-context/

















































Big Pharma - Drug & Device Companies; Lawsuits & Facts



















Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.




 
 
 

Menu




(888) 645-1617




Big Pharma & Medical Device ManufacturersBig Pharma and Medical Device ManufacturersBig Pharma is the nickname given to the world's vast and influential pharmaceutical industry and its trade group, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America or PhRMA. Big Pharma and medical device companies make billions of dollars every year selling drugs and devices — including those that were recalled or involved in fraud or product liability lawsuits.Jump To TopicAbout Big PharmaBig Pharma’s InfluenceBig Pharma Sways OpinionsInfluencing Doctors & ResearchersFraud SettlementsManufacturer DirectoryJump To TopicSelect TopicAbout Big PharmaBig Pharma’s InfluenceBig Pharma Sways OpinionsInfluencing Doctors & ResearchersFraud SettlementsManufacturer DirectoryThe pharmaceutical industry — nicknamed Big Pharma — is one of the most powerful industries in the world. The global revenue for pharmaceuticals was over $1 trillion in 2014. But nowhere else in the world do the drug and medical device industries have as much power and make as much money as in the U.S.
In fact, Americans spent an all-time high of $457 billion on prescription drugs in 2015. By 2020, it will be $610 billion. Medical devices are also lucrative. The U.S. makes up about half of the world’s share of the market at about $148 billion, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce.

US based big pharma companies
Meanwhile, drug prices continue to rise. Consulting firm Segal Consulting expects drug prices for Americans under age 65 to rise 11.6 percent in 2017. In contrast, wages are only expected to rise 2.5 percent, leaving many American unable to afford their medications.
Big Pharma even contributes heavily to the annual budget of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) through application fees (user fees) for its new products. Experts say the industry contributes about two thirds of the FDA’s budget.
Five of the top 10 pharma and medical device companies for 2016 are headquartered in the U.S.: Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck, Gilead and AbbVie.
The underside of the industry reveals a history of fraud, bribery, product liability lawsuits and scandals that led to billions in settlements — a known cost of doing business for these companies who are “too big to jail.” Despite criminal charges and fines, the companies continue to do business.
Who is Big Pharma?
The majority of drugs and medical devices have ties to a small group of parent companies. Prescription drugs and devices manufactured by these companies bring in billions in profits. The biggest drug makers may also have subsidiaries that manufacture medical devices.
Pharmaceutical companies are typically larger and make more money than companies that focus on medical devices.


The most powerful drug and device companies are members of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) — the industry’s U.S. lobbying organization.

With the help of staggering profits and an army of 1,378 paid lobbyists, the industry spreads its influence on Capitol Hill. From 1998 to 2016, Big Pharma spent nearly $3.5 billion on lobbying expenses — more than any other industry. In 2016 alone, it spent about $246 million — more than the defense industries and corporate business lobbyists combined.

Fact
Only 28 percent of Americans have a good opinion of Big Pharma.

Only 28 percent of Americans have a good opinion of Big Pharma. In fact, they are the second most hated industry in the U.S. They are also the biggest defrauder of the Federal Government under the False Claims Act, according to consumer watchdog group Public Citizen.
The Reputation Institute evaluated public perception of 17 pharmaceutical companies for products and services, innovation, workplace, governance, citizenship and financial performance. The Institute based its results on 16,800 ratings from the U.S., U.K., Canada and other countries.
Of all the countries, the U.S. had the lowest opinion of pharmaceutical companies. Older people had the most favorable view of the industry.

2016 Top 10 Pharmaceutical Companies by Sales:



COMPANY
2016
2015




Johnson & Johnson
$71.89 billion
$70.04 billion


Pfizer
$52.82 billion
$48.85 billion


Roche
$50.11 billion
$47.70 billion


Novartis
$48.52 billion
$49.41 billion


Merck & Co.
$39.8 billion
$39.5 billion


Sanofi
$36.57 billion
$36.73 billion


GlaxoSmithKline
$34.79 billion
$29.84 billion


Gilead
$30.39 billion
$32.15 billion


AbbVie
$25.56 billion
$22.82 billion


Bayer
$25.27 billion
$24.09 billion




Medical Device Manufacturers
Medical devices can be anything from hospital diagnostic equipment to hip and knee implants. Several companies only produce medical devices, but some drug manufacturers, such as Johnson & Johnson, also manufacture devices.

Fact
Part of the total pharmaceutical industry lobbying price tag comes from the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA).

Like Big Pharma, medical device manufacturers also have a lobbying group to pursue their interests in Washington.Part of the total pharmaceutical industry lobbying price tag comes from the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA).
In 2016, it contributed $1.2 million in lobbying funds. Its efforts concentrate on medical device friendly bills in Congress mostly related to how companies pay taxes.
Five of the top medical devices companies have their headquarters in the U.S.: Johnson & Johnson, Baxter International, Abbott Laboratories, Stryker and Boston Scientific.

Top Medical Device Companies:



Company
Headquarters
Products Include




Johnson & Johnson
New Brunswick, New Jersey
Hip and knee implants, surgical mesh, power morcellators


Siemens
Munich, Germany
Hearing aids, diabetes testing products, diagnostic machines


Medtronic
Dublin, Ireland
Cardiac devices, defibrillators, spinal implants, catheters


Roche
Basel, Switzerland
Diabetes testing products, cancer screening devices, research equipment


Baxter International
Deerfield, Illinois
Surgery products, dialysis machines, hospital devices


GE Healthcare
Little Chalfont, United Kingdom
Ultrasound machines, MRIs, CT scanners, ventilators


Abbott Laboratories
Chicago, Illinois
Catheters, stents, surgical guidewires


Phillips
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Ultrasound machines, CT scanners, mammogram machines, X-ray machines


Stryker
Kalamazoo, Michigan
Hip and knee implants, hospital beds


Boston Scientific
Marlborough, Massachusetts
IVC filters, surgical mesh




Big Pharma’s Influence
Critics contend that Big Pharma uses manipulative tactics and expensive advertising to sway lawmakers, the FDA and the public to increase sales.
The public is exposed to Pharma’s misleading promotions and advertising. For example, critics say AbbVie and other companies who make testosterone replacement drugs such as AndroGel marketed their drugs as the fountain of youth to older men. They created a marketing campaign around the condition “Low T” that featured a quiz for men to self-diagnose Low T symptoms.

Androgel, above, was marketed as the “fountain of youth” with few studies to back it up
The testosterone market soared into the billions as a result. But few studies back up drug-company claims that the drug significantly enhances mood, vitality and sexual performance. Studies also link these drugs to heart problems. The FDA added a warning on the label after millions of men were already exposed to the risk.
The American public is not the only sector of society influenced by Big Pharma’s techniques. Doctors, scientists and research organizations, medical journals, teaching hospitals and university medical schools all exhibit disturbing conflicts of interest between their publicly stated missions and their financial and ideological subjection to Big Pharma.
Doctors conduct research with funds from Big Pharma. Private charities and foundations account for a mere 5 percent of the estimated $100 billion spent on biomedical research in the U.S. each year. Pharmaceutical and medical device companies contribute approximately 60 percent.
Big Pharma has a track record of hiring former government workers with valuable connections to gain political clout.

 The trade group PhRMA has many current or former staff members who once served in the political arena, including:

36 who worked for a member of Congress
13 who worked for a federal agency
12 who worked for a congressional committee
Two who worked for the White House
One who worked in the court system


Using these connections to pursue industry goals, Big Pharma has a significant competitive advantage over the public interest.
Marketing, Research and Development (R&D) and Drug Cost
Americans pay more than any other country in the world for pharmaceuticals — in some cases, thousands of dollars more per prescription. Big Pharma says this occurs because of the astronomical costs of developing a new drug.

Cost Facts
While companies claim each new drug costs them $1.2 billion, the true cost is more like 60 million.

The truth is that U.S. law allows drug companies to set the prices for drugs and protects them from free-market competition. Other countries set a limit on what companies can charge based on the benefit of the drug. The true cost of developing a drug is shrouded in mystery, with many unverifiable figures reported by Big Pharma.
Donald Light, a professor and expert on the pharma business model, said that while companies claim each new drug costs them $1.2 billion, the true cost is more like 60 million.
The industry also avoids talking about how much it spends on marketing, which is almost double what it spends on research.
Big Pharma Sways Opinions
The large amount of cash Big Pharma bestows on government representatives and regulatory bodies is small when compared with the billions it spends each year on direct-to-consumer advertising. The U.S. is one of only two countries in the world whose governments allow prescription drugs to be advertised on TV (the other is New Zealand).


In 2015, Big Pharma spent $5.4 billion on direct-to-consumer ads and fired off about 80 ads an hour, according to Nielsen.

Big Pharma also employs doctors, researchers and institutions.
The industry persuades doctors to allow ghostwriting, paying physicians to attach their names to positive articles about a particular drug with the goal of seeing it published in a reputable medical journal.

Paid copywriters were used in advertising Paxil,
above
Often the commentary is little more than an advertisement penned by a company paid copywriter showcasing a new product. Big Pharma used ghostwriting to promote numerous drugs, including the antidepressant Paxil, the recalled weight loss drug Fen-Phen, the anti-epilepsy drug Neurontin, the antidepressant Zoloft and painkiller Vioxx, to name a few.
In addition, even when a medical reviewer writes a comprehensive assessment of a new drug for a medical journal, it is common practice for those supposedly unbiased professionals to be on Big Pharma’s payroll.
These slanted studies appear in medical journals that are widely hailed as collections of unbiased scientific evaluation and separated from the long financial arm of pharmaceutical industry influence. Yet Richard Smith, former editor of the British Medical Journal, says, “All journals are bought — or at least cleverly used — by the pharmaceutical industry.”

Big Pharma tends to weaken the objectivity of even the most honest health professionals while encouraging them to overprescribe medications. Consider the numbers:

Advertising instead of research: For every $1 spent on “basic research,” Big Pharma spends $19 on promotions and advertising.
Distribution of free drug samples: The U.S. has one pharmaceutical sales representative for every five office-based physicians.
Sponsorship of symposiums and medical conventions: Drug and medical device makers spend lavishly on doctors, including covering meals, travel, seminars and conventions that sometimes look more like vacations.


Many medical journals, including the esteemed Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), actively vie for the attention of Big Pharma advertising dollars, billing themselves as the best way for drug companies to reach their professional readership.
How Big Pharma Influences Doctors and Researchers
Part of Big Pharma’s formula for creating blockbuster drugs is promoting to physicians and providing kickbacks and incentives to prescribe their expensive, brand name drugs.

Fact
In 2012, Big Pharma spent $24 billion on physician advertising, according to Pew Charitable Trusts.

Drug companies also buy doctors meals and pay them for “speaking engagements” in exchange for brand loyalty. One 2016 study in JAMA Internal Medicine found that when drug reps bought doctors just one meal costing less than $20 they were more likely to prescribe a promoted brand name drug.
According to ProPublica’s Dollars for Docs investigation, 1,866 companies paid $6.25 billion to doctors and hospitals from August 2013 to December 2015.

Drug and Device Company Payments to Doctors from Select Companies, August 2013 to December 2015:



Company
PAYMENTS




DePuy (Johnson & Johnson)
$167 million


Stryker Corporation
$153 million


AstraZeneca
$145 million


Pfizer
$128 million


Janssen Pharmaceuticals
$106 million


GlaxoSmithKline
$86.3 million


Boston Scientific
$77 million




Big Pharma and Researchers
Then there are medical researchers, who are hardly immune to Big Pharma’s financial power. Because drug companies sponsor clinical trials that researchers are paid to administer, too often the academics and scientists are hired hands who supply human subjects and collect data according to the instructions of their corporate employers.
Sponsors keep the data, analyze it, write the papers and decide whether and when and where to submit them for publication. Drug companies also stage-manage trials to produce predetermined outcomes that will put their products in the best light.
Medical Schools and Big Pharma
Big Pharma has also infiltrated medical schools. Teachers, department chairs and deans often sit on drug companies’ boards of directors. This influences educational content. Money from Big Pharma supports programs within many medical schools and teaching hospitals, and company reps are given access to young doctors to promote their company’s drugs.


The result is that doctors not only receive biased information but also learn a drug-intensive style of medicine.

Sales reps may influence these doctors to believe that newer, more expensive drugs are always better than old ones.
In most states, doctors must also take accredited education courses, called continuing medical education (CME). The pharmaceutical industry provides a substantial proportion of the billions spent on CME annually and continues to use that support as a marketing tool.
In addition, academic centers are able to receive royalties from Big Pharma on any drug or technology they help to create and patent as a result of research — sometimes underwritten with government funds.
Columbia University, for example, received nearly $790 million from licensing agreements with biotech and pharmaceutical companies during the 17-year life of its medical school’s patent on a method for synthesizing certain biological products.
Columbia University received nearly $790 million from licensing agreements with biotech and pharmaceutical companiesBig Pharma Fraud Settlements
In a 24-year period, Big Pharma companies paid 373 settlements totaling $35.7 billion for marketing fraud, according to Public Citizen’s 2013 report Pharmaceutical Industry Settlements: 1991 through 2015.

Fact
In a 24-year period, Big Pharma companies paid 373 settlements totaling $35.7 billion for marketing fraud.

The most common charge involved drug-pricing scams against state Medicaid programs. This meant state taxpayers ended up footing the bill while Big Pharma made billions.
Unlawful promotion of drugs yielded the biggest settlements. But these investigations take many years to complete. By then, drug companies have made hundreds of millions or even several billion, while the U.S. Department of Justice fine is typically only a few million.
This makes it too profitable to stop breaking the law for many companies, according to Michael Bobelian of Forbes Magazine.
Manufacturer Directory
Several of the biggest drug and medical device companies sell the majority of their products in the U.S. Many of these products are involved in product liability litigation. Some of the companies’ best-selling drugs brought in over a billion in 2016, according to company annual reports.
AbbVie

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 40 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: AndroGel (testosterone replacement), Depakote (antiepileptic), Humira (arthritis, Crohn’s disease)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Humira, Imbruvica (cancer)


AbbVie Inc. is a pharmaceutical company that spun off from Abbott Laboratories in 2013 and markets dozens of products. The Illinois-based group generates most of its revenue from Humira, an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat arthritis, and from AndroGel, a testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) gel that treats low testosterone (“Low T”) in men. Humira was the world’s No. 1 drug in 2016, bringing in $16.7 billion. 
AstraZeneca

Quick Facts:

Business: Develops and markets more than 45 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include:Nexium (acid reflux), Onglyza (Type 2 diabetes), Crestor (cholesterol), Farxiga (Type 2 diabetes), Seroquel (antidepressant)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Crestor, Symbicort (asthma, COPD), Nexium


AstraZeneca is a U.K.-based biopharmaceutical company that develops and markets drugs in areas ranging from cardiovascular and metabolic diseases to oncology. The company grew from the merger of Astra AB and Zeneca Group PLC in 1999. The company bought partner Bristol-Myers Squibb’s diabetes division in 2014.
Bayer

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets about 60 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Essure (birth control), Yaz/Yasmin (birth control), Mirena IUD (birth control), Xarelto (blood thinner)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Xarelto, Kogenate (clotting factor for hemophilia), Mirena


The Bayer Group is a leading global innovator with 280 subsidiaries worldwide in the fields of health care, agriculture, synthetic materials and business services. In 2016, it signed a deal for a $66 billion merger with agriculture giant Monsanto. Bayer is known for its focus on birth control, and its products include birth control pills Yaz and Yasmin, its Mirena IUD and Essure permanent birth control. All of these products led to litigation.
Boehringer Ingelheim

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 35 drugs in U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Pradaxa (blood thinner), Tradjenta (Type 2 diabetes)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Spiriva (asthma), Pradaxa, Trajenta


Boehringer Ingelheim, the world’s largest family owned pharmaceutical company, develops and manufactures drugs for a wide range of medical conditions, including cancer, diabetes and hypertension. In addition, Boehringer produces drugs and biologicals veterinarians use for animal health. Albert Boehringer founded the company in 1885, and its success continues to this day. Headquartered in Ingelheim, Germany, the drugmaker employs more than 47,000 people who operate its 145 branches worldwide.
Boston Scientific

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures medical devices for several health needs, including cardiovascular, digestive and gynecological diseases.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Various transvaginal mesh brands
Top Selling Devices 2016: Defibrillators and single-use medical devices


Boston Scientific is a worldwide manufacturer of medical devices that researches, develops and sells an expansive line of products and technologies used to diagnose and treat medical conditions. The company provides solutions for neurological conditions, cardiovascular disorders, urological and gynecological disorders and diseases of the digestive system, airways and lungs. It operates 12 manufacturing facilities across the globe.
Bristol-Myers Squibb

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets about 44 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Abilify (antipsychotic), Eliquis (blood thinner), Byetta and Bydureon (Type 2 diabetes)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Opdivo (cancer), Eliquis, Orencia (rheumatoid arthritis)


The company officially became Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) in 1989. It is known for innovation in biological and pharmaceutical research, including the antipsychotic Abilify (which it co-markets with Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.) and its blood thinners, Plavix and Eliquis. When Bristol-Myers Squibb acquired Amylin in August 2012, it gained control of its blockbuster diabetes medications, Byetta and Bydureon. 
C.R. Bard

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures cardiovascular, urological and surgical products, including surgical mesh
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Kugel Hernia Mesh Patch, IVC Filters (Recovery, G2, G2 Express), transvaginal mesh
Top Selling Devices 2016: Biopsy devices, IVC filters, catheters


Charles Russell Bard began a medical company in 1907 to help treat urinary discomfort. Today the business, known as C.R. Bard, sells 8,000 products in the fields of oncology, urology and surgery. The company operates and sells its products in 80 countries. It faces litigation related to its transvaginal and hernia mesh products as well as its IVC filters.
Coloplast

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets a number of health products including catheters and transvaginal mesh.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Transvaginal mesh
Top Selling Devices 2016: Ostomy products, catheters, surgical mesh


Coloplast is a Denmark-based company that supplies “intimate health care products” — including catheters, ostomy bags, wound dressings, skin cleansers, antifungal products and vaginal mesh — to hospitals and retailers and directly to consumers in some markets. The headquarters is in Humlebaek, Denmark, and the U.S. headquarters is in Minneapolis.
Cook Medical

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures medical devices in a number of areas from oncology to women’s health.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Biodesign and Surgisis transvaginal mesh, Celect IVC filter, Gunther Tulip IVC filter
Top Selling Devices 2016: Hospital surgical equipment, IVC filters


Cook Medical, a division of Cook Group Incorporated, is a global manufacturer of minimally invasive medical devices. The company offers approximately 16,000 products for a wide range of clinical specialties ranging from surgery to oncology and women’s health. Established in 1963, Cook Medical employs nearly 2,500 employees. 
Daiichi Sankyo

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets 8 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Benicar (blood pressure)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Benicar (blood pressure), Azor (blood pressure), Tribenzor (blood pressure)


Daiichi Sankyo is a global pharmaceutical holding company and the second-largest drug company in Japan. It makes pharmaceuticals for people and animals and manufactures medical tools and equipment. It also produces food, food additives, livestock feeds and agrochemicals. Its top-selling blood pressure drug, Benicar (olmesartan medoxomil), brought in $3.1 billion worldwide in 2013 and $2.4 billion in 2014, making up more than a quarter of the group’s sales.
Eli Lilly

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 40 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Cymbalta (antidepressant), Prozac (antidepressant), Actos marketed with Takeda (Type 2 diabetes), Zyprexa (antipsychotic)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Cialis (erectile dysfunction), Alimta (chemotherapy), Forteo (osteoporosis)


Eli Lilly & Co. is an international pharmaceutical manufacturer based in Indianapolis. Launched in 1876 by cotton-farmer-turned-pharmacist Colonel Eli Lilly, the company markets its products in 125 countries and has manufacturing plants in 13 countries. The company specializes in the areas of diabetes, bio-medicines, emerging markets, oncology and animal health. It is known for such advancements as selling the first commercially available insulin and being among the first to mass-produce penicillin.
Endo International

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets about 60 drugs and medical devices in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Percocet (painkiller), Fortesta (testosterone replacement), Aveed (testosterone replacement), transvaginal mesh products
Top Selling Products 2016: Fortesta, Aveed, Xiaflex (treats Dupuytren’s contracture – thickening of tissue in skin or hand)


Endo International is a small, specialty health care company with a global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, and a U.S. headquarters in Malvern, Pennsylvania. The company employs several thousand employees worldwide. Endo develops, manufactures, markets and distributes pharmaceutical products and medical devices through its four operating companies: American Medical Systems (AMS), Endo Pharmaceuticals, Paladin Labs and Qualitest.
GlaxoSmithKline

Quick Facts:

Business: Markets or distributes more than 180 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Paxil (antidepressant), Avandia (Type 2 diabetes), Zofran (anti-nausea)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Advair (asthma), Tivicay (HIV), vaccines


GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. Based in Brentford, England, GSK was built through mergers of smaller companies that existed as early as the 1800s. It employs more than 97,000 people in three departments: pharmaceuticals, vaccines and consumer health care. GSK has faced tens of thousands of personal injury lawsuits for Avandia as well as federal fraud charges resulting in a $3 billion fine.
Johnson & Johnson

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 180 drugs in the U.S. and hundreds of medical devices such as hip, knee, breast and transvaginal mesh implants.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: DePuy ASR Hip Implant, Pinnacle Hip Implant, Ethicon Gynecare Prolift mesh implant, Gynecare TVT mesh implant, Physiomesh hernia mesh, Ethicon power morcellators, Risperdal (antipsychotic), Invokana (Type 2 diabetes), Xarelto (blood thinner)
Top Selling Drugs & Devices 2016: Xarelto, Invokana, Remicade (rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s), Invega (antipsychotic)


Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is a family-centric pharmaceutical company that engenders trust by offering a variety of inexpensive but useful medical products like Band-Aids, Tylenol and Baby Shampoo. J&J has around 250 subsidiaries and is the largest health care company in the world. It manufactures medical devices through subsidiaries Ethicon and DePuy and prescription drugs through Janssen Pharmaceuticals. 
Merck & Co.

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 119 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Vioxx (painkiller), Fosamax (prevents bone loss), Januvia (Type 2 diabetes), NuvaRing (birth control), Propecia (male hair loss)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Januvia, Gardasil (HPV vaccine), Zetia (cholesterol)


Merck & Co., the second-largest U.S. drug company, is a force to be reckoned with. Its parent company opened in Germany in 1668, and the U.S. company was established in 1891. Merck & Co. sells a vast array of products, including Claritin, Dr. Scholl’s products, vaccines, antibiotics, blood pressure drugs, heart drugs and Vioxx, a painkiller. Vioxx brought scandal to the company, as thousands of users reported instances of cardiac side effects, some fatal outcomes. Tens of thousands of lawsuits targeted Merck. The company paid out billions of dollars in settlements.
Pfizer

Quick Facts:

Business: Sells and markets more than 330 drugs in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Lipitor (cholesterol), Eliquis (blood thinner), Zoloft (antidepressant), Effexor (antidepressant), Bextra (painkiller), Viagra (erectile dysfunction)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Lyrica (epilepsy and fibromyalgia), Eliquis, Viagra


Operating in more than 150 different countries and employing more than 110,600 people around the world, Pfizer is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies and manufactures products in five areas: specialty care and oncology, animal health, primary care, nutrition and consumer health care. In 2009, Pfizer faced both criminal and civil allegations over illegal marketing of drugs like Bextra, Geodon, Zyvox, Lyrica, Neurontin, Detrol and Lipitor. Pfizer agreed to a $2.3 billion settlement and a five-year integrity agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Stryker Orthopaedics

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures several medical devices, including hip and knee implants.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Rejuvenate and ABG II hips implants, TMZF femoral stems (including the Accolade, Citation and Meridian implants), LFIT cobalt-chromium V40 femoral head
Top Selling Devices 2016: Endoscopy, surgical instruments and knee implants


Stryker Orthopaedics, which controls about 25 percent of the U.S. hip and knee implant market, started as a small business with a single product: a mobile hospital bed. The orthopedic division is one part of Stryker Corp. Two of Stryker’s hip designs, the Rejuvenate and ABG II, come with metal parts linked to corrosion and metal poisoning. An estimated 20,000 Americans received one of these devices before they were recalled in 2012.
Takeda

Quick Facts:

Business: Manufactures several drugs for sale in the U.S.
Products Involved in Current or Past Litigation Include: Actos (Type 2 diabetes)
Top Selling Drugs 2016: Various oncology drugs


Takeda, which began as an herbal medicine shop in 1781, has rapidly expanded since the late 1990s. The company now operates in than 70 countries worldwide. Takeda’s core business is based on drugs that treat gastrointestinal disorders, central nervous system (CNS) conditions, cardiovascular or metabolic conditions and cancer.







 

Author Michelle Llamas 
Michelle Y. Llamas is a senior content writer and researcher for Drugwatch. She is also the host of the Drugwatch Podcast where she talks to patients, experts and advocates about drugs, medical devices and health. She uses her technical writing experience to provide easy-to-understand information on how drugs and devices work. But she also tells people what happens when products that are supposed to improve their lives can hurt them. 
mllamas@drugwatch.com









View Sources



Center for Responsive Politics. (2017). Pharmaceuticals/Health Products Industry Profile, 2016. Retrieved from https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/indusclient.php?id=h04&year=2016 
Picchi, A. (2016, December 30). Prognosis for Rx in 2017: more painful drug-price hikes. Retrieved from http://www.cbsnews.com/news/drug-prices-to-rise-12-percent-in-2017/ 
Ramsey, L. (2016, August 23). Why the price of prescription drugs in the U.S. is out of control. Retrieved from http://www.businessinsider.com/why-the-us-pays-more-for-prescription-drugs-2016-8 
Medical Device and Diagnostic Industry. (2014). Top 40 Medical Device Companies. Retrieved from http://www.mddionline.com/article/top-40-medical-device-companies 
Datta, A. (2016, June 13). Top 10 medical device organisations to watch in 2016. Retrieved from http://blog.proclinical.com/top10-medical-device-organisations-watch-2016 
Palmer, E. (2017, March 14). Top 15 pharma companies by 2016 revenue. Retrieved from http://www.fiercepharma.com/special-report/top-15-pharma-companies-by-2016-revenues 
Center for Responsive Politics. (2017). Medical Device Manufactures Association. Retrieved from https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/clientsum.php?id=D000053573&year=2016 
Reuters. (2017, May 4). US prescription drug spending as high as $610 billion by 2021: Report. Retrieved from http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/04/us-prescription-drug-spending-as-high-as-610-billion-by-2021-report.html 
Silverman, E. (2016, August 30). The public’s view of pharma just keeps getting worse. Retrieved from https://www.statnews.com/pharmalot/2016/08/30/gallup-poll-drug-firms-negative/ 
Ramsey, L. (2016, May 25). RANKED: These are the most and least reputable drug companies in the world. Retrieved from http://www.businessinsider.com/pharmaceutical-companies-reputation-rankings-2016-5/#13-bristol-myers-squibb-reptrak-points-660-2 
Almashat, S, Wolfe, S.M. & Carome, M. (2016). Twenty-Five Years of Pharmaceutical Industry Criminal and Civil Penalties. Retrieved from https://www.citizen.org/sites/default/files/2311.pdf 
Public Citizen. (2010). Pharmaceutical Industry if Biggest Defrauder of the Federal Government under the False Claims Act, New Public Citizen Study Finds. Retrieved from https://www.citizen.org/our-work/health-and-safety/pharmaceutical-industry-biggest-defrauder-federal-government 
Humer, C. (2016, March 8). U.S. health agency estimates 2015 prescription drug spend rose to $457 billion. Retrieved from http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-healthcare-pricing-idUSKCN0WA2O0 
PhRMA. (2017). Members. Retrieved from http://www.phrma.org/about/members



































Steven J. Johnston - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven J. Johnston
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President at Cincinnati Financial Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Steven J. Johnston? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven J. Johnston's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven J. Johnston's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven J. Johnston's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven J. Johnston through your network of contacts.
												








Steven J. Johnston's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, 
Cincinnati Financial Corporation


Past
To view Steven J. Johnston's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
57

 
 


Steven J. Johnston's Biography



Steven J. Johnston, FCAS, MAAA, CFA, CERA, age 57, has been a director of the company since 2011. He is chairman of the executive committee, a member of the investment committee and a director on all subsidiary boards.

As chief executive officer of Cincinnati Financial Corporation, Mr. Johnston provides the board with information gained from hands-on management of our operations, identifying our near?term and long-term challenges, opportunities and strategies. His management and actuarial expertise and his experience driving technology and efficiency improvements combine with his strong communication skills to aid in his role as liaison be ...
(Read More)

			Steven J. Johnston, FCAS, MAAA, CFA, CERA, age 57, has been a director of the company since 2011. He is chairman of the executive committee, a member of the investment committee and a director on all subsidiary boards.

As chief executive officer of Cincinnati Financial Corporation, Mr. Johnston provides the board with information gained from hands-on management of our operations, identifying our near?term and long-term challenges, opportunities and strategies. His management and actuarial expertise and his experience driving technology and efficiency improvements combine with his strong communication skills to aid in his role as liaison between the board and the company management team.

Mr. Johnston has been chief executive officer of the company and all subsidiaries, and president of the company and its lead subsidiary, The Cincinnati Insurance Company, since 2011. From 2008 to 2011, he was chief financial officer, senior vice president and secretary for both the company and The Cincinnati Insurance Company, and treasurer of the company. Prior to joining Cincinnati Financial Corporation, Mr. Johnston was chief financial officer of State Auto Insurance Company. He came to the company with more than 25 years of property casualty insurance experience, including a broad background in accounting, finance, actuarial, reinsurance, technology, investments and management of investor and ratings agency relationships. He also served as a director and chairman of the investment committee for State Automobile Mutual Insurance Company. A graduate of Otterbein University, he is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society, where he served as a member of the audit committee and chairman of the investment and enterprise risk committees. He is a member of the American Academy of Actuaries, a Chartered Financial Analyst and a Chartered Enterprise Risk Analyst.
		
Source: Cincinnati Financial Corporation on 03/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven J. Johnston's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven J. Johnston. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven J. Johnston's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven J. Johnston's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven J. Johnston through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven J. Johnston


















Steven J. Johnston's Connections (73)





Sign up now to view Steven J. Johnston's 73 connections »









W. Rodney McMullen
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, The Kroger Co.









James E. Kunk
Former Board Member, State Auto Financial Corporation









Gary L. Huber
Former Vice President, State Auto Financial Corporation









Cynthia A. Powell
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, State Auto Financial Corporation









Richard L. Miley
Former Vice President, State Auto Financial Corporation









George R. Manser
Former Board Member, Hallmark Financial Services, Inc.









Sharon E. Roberts
Former Board Member, State Auto Financial Corporation









John F. Steele
Board Member, Cincinnati Financial Corporation









Urlin G. Harris
Former Board Member, State Auto Financial Corporation









Thomas A. Joseph
Former President, The Cincinnati Casualty Company; Senior Vice President, The Cincinnati Insurance Company, Cincinnati Financial Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Consumer Health Care Products | Johnson & Johnson

































































Our Stories



Latest News




Innovation




Caring & Giving




Personal Stories




Health & Wellness




Our Heritage





Our Company



About J&J

Our Credo
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Framework
Corporate Governance
Diversity & Inclusion
Empowering Women
Innovation at J&J
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
J&J Health and Wellness Solutions
Policies & Statements
Code of Business Conduct
Corporate Reports





Products

Consumer Products
Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical Products





Procurement

Value Pillars
Supplier Diversity





Careers

What We Do
How We Hire
Job Spotlight
Students
Innovation
Career Stories





Media Center




Investors

Corporate Governance
Quarterly Results
SEC Filings 
News Releases
Pharmaceutical Pipeline
2016 Health for Humanity Report
Stock Information
Webcasts & Presentations 
Actelion Public Tender Offer





Our Societal Impact

Global Community Impact
Global Public Health
Citizenship & Sustainability Reporting 







Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




YouTube




LinkedIn






















Consumer Products











Read the Story
 


Secrets of a Scent Scientist: 6 Unique Fragrances That Can Boost Your Mood









As part of one of the largest and most diverse healthcare companies in the world, our baby and beauty brands leverage the company’s world-class research tools and scientific prowess to provide consumers across the globe with innovative skin, sun, and hair care solutions. Our portfolio of baby brands include JOHNSON’S® baby, which has been trusted by moms and hospitals for over 115 years. 




Baby Care Products






JOHNSON’S Baby
For over 125 years, JOHNSON’S® has provided safe, mild and gentle products for babies and adults. All JOHNSON’S® baby products are soap-free, hypoallergenic, dermatologist-tested and paraben-free as part of our promise to enable a healthy future for all babies. Every JOHNSON’S® product is made with the purest and highest-quality ingredients because we are committed to happy, healthy development.
Visit the JOHNSON’S® Baby Website 












It is a privilege to work on JOHNSON’S® Baby Care products. We work to earn the trust of parents every day, using the purest ingredients to create the safest and gentlest products for babies’ delicate skin.

— Sarita Finnie,
Senior Director, JOHNSON’S® and DESITIN®, Consumer













Other Products & Solutions: 

AVEENO® Baby
Baby.com
BabyCenter.com
DESITIN®
PENATEN®







Beauty Products 






AVEENO
Since 1945, AVEENO® brand has been trusted and recommended by dermatologists for its use of ACTIVE NATURALS® ingredients derived from nature. The AVEENO® Brand is committed to developing breakthrough formulations with ACTIVE NATURALS® ingredients to deliver scientifically proven results for healthy, beautiful skin and hair. AVEENO® products for body, face, baby and hair are available in 22 countries worldwide.
Visit the AVEENO® Website 




1.4
One bottle of Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion is sold every 1.4 seconds.










CLEAN & CLEAR
CLEAN & CLEAR® is a global skincare brand solely dedicated to teen girls that believes beauty comes from being happy in your own skin. Founded in 1957, CLEAN & CLEAR® was the first brand to deliver skin care designed specifically for the needs of young women and continues today to deliver effective and fun solutions for clean, clear beautiful skin.
Visit the CLEAN & CLEAR® Website












I feel proud and honored to work for a company with a strong foundation of values and responsibilities, which also supports its employees to be purposeful risk-takers and bring their authentic self to work every day.

— Michelle Freyre,
President, U.S. Beauty, Consumer

















JOHNSON'S Adult
Developed with 100 years of expertise in caring for beautifully soft skin, JOHNSON'S® Adult range of beauty products is perfect for all skin types. From facial cleansing and moisturizers, to shower gels and body care, we help you invest in beautiful skin.
Visit the JOHNSON’S® Adult Website for the UK, Middle East, Japan, and Brazil








NEUTROGENA
NEUTROGENA®, the brand recommended by dermatologists worldwide, has brought clinically-proven skin care solutions to consumers for more than 60 years. By creating, innovating and rethinking what is possible in skincare, NEUTROGENA® products for the face and body deliver real results without compromises. Today, NEUTROGENA® is available in more than 70 countries, providing healthy beauty options for consumers across the globe.
Visit the NEUTROGENA® Website




$35M
Neutrogena sponsors 13,000 free skin cancer screenings annually with charitable partners, working towards a goal of donating $35 million worth of sunscreen to families in need by the end of 2016.










LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS
Family skincare brand LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS™ was born in Provence, and its identity remains rooted in the sun-kissed ingredients, true-to-nature scents, and authentic values of the South of France. Now sold in 19 countries worldwide, this joie de vivre remains integral to the brand’s wide range of beloved body, hair and skincare products.
Visit the LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS™ Website












We have some of the most beloved and admired brands at Johnson & Johnson. With consumers at the center of all we do, we are committed to bring locally relevant experiences and solutions that surprise and delight consumers around the world. 

— Alison Lewis,
Chief Marketing Officer, Consumer 













Other Regional Brands:

BEBE®
DABAO®
LUBRIDERM®
SUNDOWN®
ROGAINE®
REGAINE®
Women’s ROGAINE® 
RoC®
PIZBUIN®









We meet the health needs of families everywhere through a broad range of well-known and trusted health and over-the-counter products. These include pain relievers, allergy medicines, anti-diarrheal medicines, antacids, nasal decongestants, medicines for coughs and colds and well-known brands for wound care, oral care and women’s health. 




Wound Care 






BAND-AID
BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages have long been a staple in a family’s first aid kit as a source of caring, comfort and protection. As the technology and innovation behind the brand have grown, the makers of BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages now offer a wide variety of products to meet the diverse needs of today’s active families and their lifestyles.
Visit the BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages Website












My 4-year-old daughter, Eliza, used to be afraid of wearing bandages. Then I showed her BAND-AID® Brand Star Wars bandages, and now she can’t get enough!”

— Misty Rosas,
Consumer Content Strategist 













Other Regional Brands:

COMPEEDUSA®
NEOSPORIN®
POLYSPORIN®







Over-the-Counter






MOTRIN
The MOTRIN® brand has a long history of helping families feel better so they can make the most of every day. MOTRIN® is a leading pain relief brand, which temporarily relieves minor aches and pains due to headache, muscular aches, minor pain of arthritis, toothache, backache, the common cold and menstrual cramps; and also temporarily reduces fever. 
Visit the MOTRIN® Website




561
The number of patents Johnson & Johnson has filed in the last five years. 










TYLENOL
Recommended by doctors and pediatricians, TYLENOL® products contain acetaminophen, which relieves pain and temporarily reduces fever. TYLENOL® products offer relief from headache and muscle pain, arthritis pain, sinus, cold & flu, as well as pain with sleeplessness for adults. Infants’ TYLENOL® & Children’s TYLENOL® reduce fever and relieve pain while being gentle on the tummy for children. 
Visit the TYLENOL® Website








BENADRYL
BENADRYL® brand makes both ingestible allergy products and topical antihistamines. BENADRYL® relieves allergy symptoms of sneezing, runny nose, itchy, watery eyes and itching of the nose and throat. These symptoms can be caused by allergy triggers such as dust, mold, pet dander, tree pollen, weeds and grasses. BENADRYL® also relieves the cold symptoms of runny nose and sneezing. 
Visit the BENADRYL® Website












Innovation is about understanding consumer needs and creating solutions and experiences that help them to live healthy, vibrant lives. This is why I often remind my team to keep our consumer purpose at the center of all we do.

— Josh Ghaim,
Chief Technology Officer, Consumer

















ZYRTEC
ZYRTEC® relieves the allergy symptoms of sneezing, runny nose, itchy, watery eyes and itchy nose or throat. These symptoms can be caused by allergy triggers such as dust, mold, pet dander, tree pollen, weeds and grasses. ZYRTEC® is available in a wide-variety of delivery methods, including dissolving tabs, tablets and liquid gels.
Visit the ZYRTEC® Website




Other Regional Brands:

IMODIUM®  
NICORETTE® 
RHINOCORT®
PEPCID®  
LACTAID®  
VISINE® 
SUDAFED®







Oral Care Products






LISTERINE
LISTERINE® Mouthwash is the world's number one daily mouthwash. More than 50 peer-reviewed scientific studies support the formula’s unique ability to fight plaque, protect gums, build strong teeth and boost confidence with long-lasting fresh breath. LISTERINE® Mouthwash has been used by more than one billion people in more than 85 countries. 
Visit the LISTERINE® Website












I have been at J&J for 22 years and I have never been more excited about the work we are doing to positively impact the lives of our consumers around the world.

— Adam Ricciardone,
VP, Consumer R&D and Product Deployment, Asia Pacific

























Our Commitment to Quality Ingredients
Our Safety & Care Commitment means you have our assurance that every baby and beauty care product from the Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies is safe and effective when used as directed.
Read More




Healthy Solutions for You & Your Family
Looking for coupons? Register for the HEALTHY ESSENTIALS® program to receive monthly product savings from the Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies as well as healthy living tips delivered directly to your inbox.
Sign Up Today


 

Consumer Products: 130 Years of Innovation 





Johnson & Johnson Founded 
Three brothers, Robert Wood Johnson, James Wood Johnson and Edward Mead Johnson, found Johnson & Johnson in New Brunswick, NJ, U.S.
 
 





To the Rescue!
We made the first ever commercial First Aid kits. Johnson & Johnson still distributes kits like these to help in areas around the world that experience natural disasters.
 
 





Keeping Teeth & Gums Healthy 
We make the first mass-produced dental floss to help people keep their teeth and gums clean. Originally, the dental floss was made of leftover silk from sutures!
 
 





Addressing Women’s Needs 
We start producing and marketing the first mass-produced disposable sanitary napkins for women. This was a big improvement over homemade methods and grew out of the company’s early maternal and child health kits. 
 
 





The First Ready-Made Bandages 
J&J employee Earle Dickson came up with the idea for BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages to help his wife (who would get minor cuts in the kitchen) with the first ready-made bandage you could apply yourself. 
 
 





A New Routine at Bathtime 
Knowing that bathtime is a special time (that shouldn’t be ruined by eye irritation), we introduce our JOHNSON’S® Baby Shampoo with our NO MORE TEARS® formula, a mild soap-free formula that cleans baby’s hair, but won’t irritate eyes!
 
 





Over-the-Counter Pain Relief 
Johnson & Johnson acquires McNeil Laboratories. The following year, TYLENOL® is approved for sale without prescription.
 
 





Meeting Out-of-This-World Needs!
In 1963, BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages went into space with Mercury Astronauts.
 
 





The MOTRIN® Brand Story Begins 
MOTRIN® first came out as the prescription drug MEDIPREN® in 1974. It was then approved as MOTRIN® IB in the mid-1980s as an over-the-counter pain reliever and fever reducer.
 
 





Safe Packaging
McNeil Consumer Healthcare launches the first safety-sealed, tamper-resistant packaging in response to a criminal tampering incident with Extra Strength TYLENOL®. 
 
 





Improving the Safety of Children 
To continue the company’s leadership in wound care innovation, Johnson & Johnson became a founding sponsor of Safe Kids Worldwide, a global organization dedicated to preventing injuries in children. 
 
 





Neutrogena Joins Johnson & Johnson
NEUTROGENA® joins the Johnson & Johnson family of companies, adding to our iconic consumer brands. NEUTROGENA® manufactures and markets products in over 70 countries.
 
 





Children’s MOTRIN®
Children’s MOTRIN® becomes the first non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug approved for pediatric use without a prescription in the U.S. 
 
 





A New Ingredient to Address Aging 
RoC® Skincare invents the stabilization of retinol in a cosmetics product as a means to address aging.RoC® Skincare invents the stabilization of retinol in a cosmetics product as a means to address aging.
 
 





Antibiotic BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages 
BAND-AID® Brand Antibiotic Adhesive Bandages were created as the first ever adhesive bandages to have specially formulated antibiotic ointment right on the pad.
 
 





AVEENO®
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc. acquires the AVEENO® brand from SC Johnson.
 
 





AVEENO® for Babies 
AVEENO® introduces a line of soothing and therapeutic skin care products for babies, formulated with colloidal oatmeal.
 
 





AVEENO® for the Face
AVEENO® launches its’ first facial care products, with the introduction of POSITIVELY RADIANT® and CLEAR COMPLEXION, both made with Soy Complex to even skin tone and texture. 
 
 





Rapid Release 
McNeil Consumer Healthcare launches TYLENOL® Extra Strength Rapid Release Gels, which are Gelcaps that are specifically designed with holes to allow the release of powerful medicine even faster than before.
 
 





Bringing Together Two of the Biggest Names in Consumer Health!
LISTERINE®, VISINE® and BENADRYL® join the Johnson & Johnson Family of Consumer Companies’ after being acquired from Pfizer’s Consumer Healthcare business.
 
 





A New Way to Combat the Sun
NEUTROGENA® develops a breakthrough sun protection technology HELIOPLEX®. This proven broad spectrum sunscreen technology is uniquely formulated to provide an ideal balance of UVA and UVB protection to match the damage of UV rays.
 
 





ZYRTEC®
ZYRTEC®, previously available by prescription only, becomes available over-the-counter in the U.S.
 
 





NEUTROGENA Hydro Boost
The global launch of Hydro Boost skin care, including Purified Hyaluronic Acid which acts as a sponge for dry skin cells by absorbing up to 1000x its weight in water.
 
 





LISTERINE ZERO®
LISTERINE® Brand first launches LISTERINE ZERO®, a zero-alcohol formula that cleans deep to kill bad breath germs for a healthier mouth.
 
 





Wrinkle Repair 
NEUTROGENA® launches the NEUTROGENA® RAPID WRINKLE REPAIR® line which is designed to meet the needs of women seeking quick results and aggressive anti-aging solutions.
 
 





Women’s ROGAINE®
Women’s ROGAINE® 5% Minoxidil Foam is the first and only approved once a day 5% minoxidil foam treatment for women.
 
 





NEUTROGENA® Wet Skin
Wet Skin Sunscreen with HELIOPLEX® is the first line of sunscreen specially formulated to be applied to wet skin. Wet Spray technology cuts through water, providing broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection.
 
 





A New Over-the-Counter Approach to Allergies 
ZYRTEC® launches RHINOCORT® Allergy Spray, making the original prescription strength RHINOCORT AQUA® Nasal Spray available to consumers without a prescription. 
 
 





NEUTROGENA® Light Therapy Acne Mask
NEUTROGENA® revolutionizes acne treatment again with the launch of the Light Therapy Acne Mask—a wearable LED device that uses therapeutic red and blue light to deliver clearer skin.
 
 

 






1886







1888







1898







1897







1920







1954







1959







1963







1974







1982







1988







1994







1995







1995







1997







1999







2000







2001







2005







2006







2006







2008







2009







2009







2011







2014







2014







2016







2016


 
 
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Public Records Official

























JOHNSTON COUNTY RECORDS 
Find Johnston County Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              JOHNSTON COUNTY RECORDS            	
Johnston County Records are available 24-hours a day if you need public county records from Johnston County which is located in North Carolina. To access the court records you need, you don't need to stand in line or contact the county clerk's office to have a copy mailed to you. For Johnston County Records, just go to our website and enter your first and last name. You can search for Johnson County Records on our site anytime you want, day or night. It's fast and there's no waiting. 

Tips on accessing Johnston County Records:

If you want to get court records by doing a Johnston County Records search, use the following tips:Go to our site and enter your first and last nameThen press enterYou can view your court records or print them outIf you're wondering if you need special codes to access our site or if you need a special skill set to obtain your court records, then answer is no. All you have to do is enter your first and last name on our site so you can view the Johnston County Records that you need. When you use our site, you can search anytime 24-hours a day and get instant results!   

With no waiting time and instant access to your court records, what are you waiting for? Start your Johnston County Records search now and get the results you want. You can search right now and have your documents ASAP!
         





Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official
























MARRIAGE RECORDS 
Find Marriage Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              MARRIAGE RECORDS            	
Are you ready to get copies of your Marriage Records? You might want to search for Marriage Records in public records. Typically when people want to find copies of their Marriage Records, they will check in public records for Marriage Records because Marriage Records that may include the marital certificate and other documents are considered public record files that the clerk may file so anyone can access them. That means if you want to find Marriage Records you can locate them in public records. You can even look up Marriage Records for a relative or neighbor. 

If you would like to search for public records, you may want to search on our site for your available public records. To start a new search, you can go to our public records site and begin by entering your name in the search box to begin searching for records. Regardless of whether you require criminal records, birth records, address records, prison records, alias records or court records, you can find them through a name search just by writing a name on our records site in the available search box. You may think we require authorization or approval of some sort, but that's not required as the records are public, so anybody can access them. 

Our public records site is available 24-hours a day so you can begin your public records inquiry and print the records you want. If you're ready to start your search, you'll see that our public records site is quick and helpful. Begin your Marriage Records search today!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official
























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 


























SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







