

SETH R JOHNSON - SAN DIEGO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



SAN DIEGO



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            SETH R JOHNSON
                                    



 





















S 


SETH R JOHNSON
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4655 NEWPORT AVE SAN DIEGO, CA 92107
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $50,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Seth R Johnson is located at 4655 Newport Ave in San Diego and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Seth R Johnson - Glover, VT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Seth R Johnson in Glover, VT


Seth R Johnson

                                                                           Intelius found that Seth R Johnson  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Glover, VT.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Seth R Johnson is in his 30s

Seth Has Lived In

Glover, VT

Seth's Relatives

Lance Johnson
Katherine Johnson
Jeannette Johnson
Herluf Johnson







Seth R Johnson



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Seth? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Seth, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Seth R Johnson
Get a Criminal Check on Seth R Johnson
Get a Public Record Report on Seth R Johnson
Get a People Search Report on Seth R Johnson


Seth R Johnson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Seth R Johnson has lived as well as Seth R Johnson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Seth R Johnson Has Lived in 1 States
Vermont Address for Seth R Johnson


2958 G***** S* 

Glover, VT


Has Lived In

Glover, VT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Seth R Johnson

(802) ***-**** - Glover, VT 
(802) ***-**** - Glover, VT 
(802) ***-**** - Glover, VT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Seth R Johnson



Get Email Report




Seth R Johnson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Seth R Johnson


Seth R Johnson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Seth R Johnson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Seth Johnson
Username Matches

                  SethJohnson
                  JohnsonSeth
                  Seth.Johnson
                  Johnson.Seth
                  Seth_Johnson
                  Johnson_Seth
                  Seth-Johnson
                  Johnson-Seth
                  SJohnson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Johnson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Seth R. Johnson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 6:49 PM ET
Specialty Retail

Company Overview of Bebe Stores, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Seth R. Johnson  Independent Director, Bebe Stores, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships63$125,197
Background

		Mr. Seth R. Johnson served as the Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. from April 1, 2005 to September 29, 2006 and served as the Chief Operating Officer since November 1, 2004. Mr. Johnson served as the Chief Operating Officer at Abercrombie & Fitch Co. from February 2000 to June 18, 2004 and its Executive Vice President from February 2000 to June 18, 2004. He has over 30 years of retail experience with high-growth, consumer branded companies. ... Mr. Johnson served as Vice President of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. since 1992. Prior thereto, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. from 1992 to 1998. Mr. Johnson's experience includes employment at The Limited, BATUS Retail Group and Dayton Hudson Inc. He has been a Director of Christopher & Banks Corporation since June 30, 2016. He has been an Independent Director of Bebe Stores, Inc. since July 3, 2014. He has been a Director of Tilly's, Inc. since July 1, 2008. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Lantern Credit, LLC. He served as a Director of True Religion Apparel Inc. from March 2010 to July 30, 2013 and served as its Lead Director since July 5, 2011. Mr. Johnson served as Director of DEI Holdings Inc. since September 13, 2007. He served as a Director of Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. from October 11, 2004 to September 29, 2006 and Abercrombie & Fitch Co. from 1998 to July 26, 2004. From 2007 to 2009, he served as an Instructor in business strategy at Chapman University's Argyros School of Business and Economics in Orange, California. Mr. Johnson attended Yale University, where he received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and earned his MBA at the University of Chicago.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
400 Valley DriveBrisbane, California 94005United StatesPhone: 415-715-3900Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentDirectorTilly's, Inc.2014-PresentIndependent DirectorBebe Stores, Inc.2016-PresentIndependent DirectorChristopher & Banks Corporation
Education
MBA The University of ChicagoBA Yale University
Other Affiliations
Pacific Sunwear of California, LLCDEI Holdings, Inc.Christopher & Banks CorporationThe University of ChicagoAbercrombie & Fitch Co.Yale UniversityTrue Religion Apparel, Inc.Tilly's, Inc.Lantern Credit, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$60,000Total Calculated Compensation$125,197




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDavid A. Levin President, CEO & DirectorDestination XL Group, Inc.$811.2KGlenn S. Lyon Chairman & CEOThe Finish Line, Inc.$571.2KRobert T. Wallstrom Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorVera Bradley, Inc.$750.0KBrendan L. Hoffman Chief Executive Officer and DirectorVince Holding Corp.$900.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bebe Stores, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Seth R Johnson - College Station, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Seth R Johnson in College Station, TX


Seth R Johnson

                                                                           Intelius found that Seth R Johnson  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from College Station, TX.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Seth R Johnson is in his 30s

Seth Has Lived In

College Station, TX
Ann Arbor, MI
Oak Ridge, TN

Seth's Relatives

Carol Johnson
Douglas Johnson
Naomi Johnson







Seth R Johnson



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Research and Development Staff - Monte Carlo at Oak Ridge National Laboratory



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Seth? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Seth, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Seth R Johnson
Get a Criminal Check on Seth R Johnson
Get a Public Record Report on Seth R Johnson
Get a People Search Report on Seth R Johnson


Seth R Johnson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Seth R Johnson has lived as well as Seth R Johnson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Seth R Johnson Has Lived in 3 States
Texas Address for Seth R Johnson


221 R**** L* 

College Station, TX


Has Lived In

College Station, TX
Ann Arbor, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Seth R Johnson

(979) ***-**** - College Station, TX 
(865) ***-**** - Oak Ridge, TN 
(734) ***-**** - Ann Arbor, MI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Seth R Johnson

j*******r@***.gov


Get Email Report




Seth R Johnson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Seth R Johnson's academic history.  Find out which schools Seth R Johnson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Seth R Johnson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Seth R Johnson Has Attended 1 School
Blinn College Seth R Johnson has a  Social Science               


Seth R Johnson's Professional Information
Information regarding Seth R Johnson's professional history.  Find out previous places Seth R Johnson has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Seth R Johnson Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Oak Ridge National Laboratory
               Title: Research and Development Staff - Monte Carlo
Company: Oak Ridge National Laboratory
               Title: R and D Staff Member , Monte Carlo Methods and Development
Seth R Johnson's Experience
Title: Research and Development Staff - Monte Carlo
               Company: Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Job Details
               Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) is a multi-program science and technology laboratory managed for the U.S. Department of Energy by UT-Battelle, LLC. Scientists and engineers at ORNL conduct basic and applied research and development to create scientific knowledge and technological solutions that strengthen the nation's leadership in key areas of science; increase the availability of clean, abundant energy; restore and protect the environment; and contribute to national security.
Title: R and D Staff Member , Monte Carlo Methods and Development
               Company: Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Job Details
               Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) is a multi-program science and technology laboratory managed for the U.S. Department of Energy by UT-Battelle, LLC. Scientists and engineers at ORNL conduct basic and applied research and development to create scientific knowledge and technological solutions that strengthen the nation's leadership in key areas of science; increase the availability of clean, abundant energy; restore and protect the environment; and contribute to national security.
Additional Professional Information on Seth R Johnson

 See Seth R Johnson's LinkedIn Profile



Seth R Johnson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Seth R Johnson


Seth R Johnson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Seth R Johnson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Seth Johnson
Username Matches

                  SethJohnson
                  JohnsonSeth
                  Seth.Johnson
                  Johnson.Seth
                  Seth_Johnson
                  Johnson_Seth
                  Seth-Johnson
                  Johnson-Seth
                  SJohnson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Johnson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Seth R Johnson | ORNL


























Skip to main content










Toggle navigation















Toggle menu





 


Home
Our People
Seth R Johnson
 
Seth R Johnson













 



Seth R Johnson
R&D Staff


 



Contact Information

Email: johnsonsr@ornl.gov
Phone: 865.574.7384






      Publications    




 Hot Zero Power Reactor Calculations Using the Insilico Code  

 The Multi-Step CADIS Method for Shutdown Dose Rate Calculations and Uncertainty Propagation  

 

 






























 




Search for: All records | SciTech Connect









skip to main content










SciTech Connect





Searching: Full Text
		


Searching: Citations
		


Searching: Multimedia
		


Searching: Datasets
		


Searching: Patents
		


Searching: Software
		


Searching: Everything
		


Change ... 

Full Text
Citations
Datasets
Patents
Multimedia
Software

Everything




















All Categories 


Electronic Full Text
Citations
Datasets
Patents
Multimedia
Software

All Categories



Search terms:







Semantic Search 


Term Search 


+  Advanced SearchAdv.






×
Advanced Search




All Fields:





Semantic 

Semantic
Term








Title: 






Full Text: 






Bibliographic Data: 






Creator / Author: 






Name 

Name
ORCID








Product Type: 


All
Book/Monograph
Conference/Event
Journal Article
Miscellaneous
Program Document
Software Manual
Technical Report
Thesis/Dissertation





Subject: 






Identifier Numbers: 






Site: 


All
Alaska Power Administration, Juneau, Alaska (United States)
Albany Research Center (ARC), Albany, OR (United States)
Albuquerque Complex - NNSA
Albuquerque Operations Office, Albuquerque, NM (United States)
Amarillo National Resource Center for Plutonium, Amarillo, TX (United States)
AmeriFlux
Ames Laboratory (AMES), Ames, IA (United States)
Argonne National Laboratory (ANL), Argonne, IL (United States)
Argonne National Laboratory-Advanced Photon Source, Argonne, IL (United States)
Atlanta Regional Office, Atlanta, GA (United States)
Atmosphere to Electrons (A2e) Data Archive and Portal, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
Atmospheric System Research
Bartlesville Project Office, OK (United States)
Battelle Memorial Institute (United States)
Bechtel Hanford Inc. (BHI), Richland, WA (United States)
Bechtel National Inc., Richland, WA (United States)
Bechtel Nevada Corporation (BNC) (United States)
Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory (BAPL), West Mifflin, PA (United States)
Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), Portland, OR (United States)
Boston Regional Office, Boston, MA (United States)
Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL), Upton, NY (United States)
Carlsbad Field Office (United States)
Chicago Operations Office, Argonne, IL (United States)
Chicago Regional Office, Chicago, IL (United States)
Clinch River Breeder Reactor Project, Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
DOE HSS Office of Classification, Office of Document Reviews
DOE Office of Science Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Program (United States)
DOEEI USDOE Energy Information Administration (EIA)
Dallas Support Office, Dallas, TX (United States)
Denver Regional Office, Golden, CO (United States)
Department of Energy's (DOE) Nuclear Energy (NE) Radioisotope Power Systems (RPS) Program
Desert Research Institute, Nevada University, Reno, NV (United States)
EERE Publication and Product Library
East Tennessee Technology Park (ETTP), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Energy Frontier Research Centers
Energy Technology Engineering Center (ETEC), Canoga Park, CA (United States)
Environmental Measurements Laboratory (EML), New York, NY (United States)
Federal Energy Technology Center (FETC), Morgantown, WV, and Pittsburgh, PA (United States)
Fermi National Accelerator  Laboratory (FNAL), Batavia, IL (United States)
Fernald Area Office (United States)
Fernald Environmental Management Project, OH (United States)
FluxNet
General Atomics Site, San Diego, CA (United States)
General Electric Company
Golden Field Office, Golden, CO (United States)
Grand Forks Energy Technology Center (United States)
Grand Junction Project Office, Grand Junction, CO (United States)
HSS Office of Classification
Hanford Site (HNF), Richland, WA (United States)
Idaho Chemical Processing Plant, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho National Engineering Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho National Laboratory - Idaho Cleanup Project (United States)
Idaho National Laboratory Specific Manufacturing Plant
Idaho National Laboratory, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Idaho Operations Office, Idaho Falls, ID (United States)
Inhalation Toxicology Research Institute (ITRI), Albuquerque, NM (United States)
International Soil Carbon Network (ISCN)
International Technologies Corporation, Las Vegas, NV (United States)
Kansas City Area Office, Kansas City, MO (United States)
Kansas City Plant (KCP), Kansas City, MO (United States)
Kansas City Support Office (United States)
Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory (KAPL), Niskayuna, NY (United States)
LBNL Materials Project
Laramie Energy Technology Center (United States)
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL), Berkeley, CA (United States)
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), Livermore, CA (United States)
Livermore Site Office
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), Los Alamos, NM (United States)
Los Alamos Site Office, NM (United States)
Marine and Hydrokinetic Data Repository (MHKDR)
Morgantown Energy Technology Center, Morgantown, WV (United States)
Mound Area Office, Miamisburg, OH (United States)
Mound Plant, Miamisburg, OH (United States)
NE-75, USDOE Office of Space and Defense Power Systems
NNSA Kansas City Site Office (United States)
National Energy Technology Laboratory - Energy Data eXchange
National Energy Technology Laboratory - In-house Research
National Energy Technology Laboratory, Pittsburgh, PA, and Morgantown, WV (United States)
National Institute for Petroleum and Energy Research, Bartlesville, OK (United States)
National Nuclear Security Administration
National Nuclear Security Agency Service Center (United States)
National Petroleum Technology Office (NPTO), Tulsa, OK (United States)
National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), Golden, CO (United States)
Naval Petroleum and Oil Shale Reserves (United States)
Navarro
Navarro Nevada Environmental Services
Nevada Field Office, Las Vegas, NV (United States)
Nevada Nuclear Testing Archive
Nevada Test Site (NTS), Mercury, NV (United States)
Nevada Test Site/National Security Technologies, LLC (United States)
Nevada Test Site/Navarro-Intera, LLC
New Brunswick Laboratory (NBL), Argonne, IL (United States)
New York Support Office, New York, NY (United States)
North American Aviation, Inc.
North Las Vegas Facility, North Las Vegas, NV (United States)
Oak Ridge Gaseous Diffusion Plant (K-25), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge Office, Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oak Ridge Y-12 Plant (Y-12), Oak Ridge, TN (United States)
Oakland Operations Office, Oakland, CA (United States)
Office of Economic Impact and Diversity
Office of Environmental Management-Consolidated Business Center
Office of Groundwater and Soil Remediation
Office of Nonproliferation and National Security,  Office of Declass (United States)
Office of Nonproliferation and Verification Research and Development (NA-22)
Office of River Protection (United States)
Office of the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board (AB) (United States)
Ohio Field Office, Miamisburg, OH (United States)
PNNL Microscopy Data Portal
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), Richland, WA (United States)
Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant, Paducah, KY (United States)
Pantex Plant (PTX), Amarillo, TX (United States)
Pertoleum Oil Reserves Office
Philadelphia Regional Office, Philadelphia, PA (United States)
Pinellas Area Office (United States)
Pinellas Plant, Largo, FL (United States)
Pittsburgh Energy Technology Center, Pittsburgh, PA (United States)
Pittsburgh Naval Reactors Office, West Mifflin, PA (United States)
Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant, Piketon, OH (United States)
Portsmouth Project Office, OH (United States)
Pratt and Whitney Aircraft (United States)
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory (PPPL), Princeton, NJ (United States)
Richland Operations Office, Richland, WA (United States)
Richland Support Office (United States)
Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site (RFP), Golden, CO (United States)
Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site, Golden, CO (United States)
Rocky Flats Field Office, Golden, CO (United States)
Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center, Casper, WY (United States)
S. M. Stoller (United States)
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC), Menlo Park, CA (United States)
STI Submitter (STIS), Anywhere (United States)
Salt Repository Project Office (United States)
San Francisco Support Office, Oakland, CA (United States)
Sandia National Laboratories (SNL), Albuquerque, NM, and Livermore, CA (United States)
Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM (United States)
Sandia National Laboratories, Livermore, CA (United States)
Sandia Site Office
Savannah River Ecology Laboratory (SREL), Aiken, SC (United States)
Savannah River National Laboratory (formerly SRTC) (United States)
Savannah River Operations Office, Aiken, SC (United States)
Savannah River Site (SRS), Aiken, SC (United States)
Savannah River Site Office
Schenectady Naval Reactors Office, Schenectady, NY (United States)
Seattle Regional Office (United States)
Shaw Environmental, Inc. (United States)
Southeastern Power Administration, Elberton, GA (United States)
Southwestern Power Administration, Tulsa, OK (United States)
Stoller-Navarro Joint Venture (United States)
Strategic Petroleum Reserve Office, New Orleans, LA (United States)
Superconducting Super Collider Project Office (United States)
Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility, Newport News, VA (United States)
US Department of Energy, NE-75, Orbital Fairchild
US Department of Energy/Office of Legacy Management
USDOE Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy (ARPA-E)
USDOE Energy Information Administration (EI) (United States)
USDOE National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) (United States)
USDOE Office of Chief Financial Officer (CR) (United States)
USDOE Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management (RW) (United States)
USDOE Office of Counterintelligence (United States)
USDOE Office of Defense Programs (DP) (United States)
USDOE Office of ES&H, Office of Epidemiologic Studies (United States)
USDOE Office of ES&H, Office of National Environmental Policy Act (United States)
USDOE Office of Economic Impact and Diversity (ED) (United States)
USDOE Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability (OE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Geothermal Tech Pgm (United States)
USDOE Office of Energy Research (ER) (United States)
USDOE Office of Environment, Health, Safety and Security (AU)
USDOE Office of Environment, Safety and Health (EH) (United States)
USDOE Office of Environmental Management (EM) (United States)
USDOE Office of Environmental Management Science Program (United States)
USDOE Office of Field Management (FM) (United States)
USDOE Office of Fissile Materials Disposition (MD) (United States)
USDOE Office of Fossil Energy (FE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Hearings and Appeals (HG) (United States)
USDOE Office of Human Resources and Administration (HR) (United States)
USDOE Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs (IE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence (IN) (United States)
USDOE Office of International Affairs (IA) (United States)
USDOE Office of Management and Administration (United States)
USDOE Office of Nonproliferation and National Security (NN) (United States)
USDOE Office of Nuclear Detonation Detection (United States)
USDOE Office of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology (NE) (United States)
USDOE Office of Policy and International Affairs  (PO) (United States)
USDOE Office of Public Affairs (PA) (United States)
USDOE Office of Science (SC) (United States)
USDOE Office of Worker and Community Transition (WT) (United States)
USDOE Office of the General Counsel (GC) (United States)
USDOE Office of the Inspector General (IG) (United States)
USDOE Office of the Secretary of Energy (United States)
USE CAO   Carlsbad Area Office, Carlsbad, NM (United States)
USE YMP   Yucca Mountain Site Characterization Office, Las Vegas, NV (United States)
USE YMP Yucca Mountain Site, Las Vegas, Nevada (United States)
Use CBFO - Carlsbad Area Office, Carlsbad, NM (United States)
Use SRNL  -  Savannah River Technology Center (SRTC), Aiken, SC (United States)
Washington Closure Hanford (United States)
Washington Procurement Operations Office, Washington, DC (United States)
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP), Carlsbad, NM (United States)
Weldon Spring Site Remedial Action Project, MO (United States)
West Valley Demonstration Project, West Valley, NY (United States)
Western Area Power Administration, Golden, CO (United States)
Yucca Mountain Project, Las Vegas, Nevada (United States)
Yucca Mountain Project/Office of Repository Development (United States)





Research Org: 






Sponsoring Org: 






Publication Date: 


												    to    
                                                




Update Date: 


												    to    
                                                




Sort: 


Relevance (highest to lowest)
Publication Date (newest to oldest)
Publication Date (oldest to newest)
Most Cited








Close
Clear All
 Find













Switch to Detail View for this search


SciTech Connect
Search Results
Page 1 of 2







Search for: All records
					
Creators/Authors contains: "Johnson, Seth R"×





							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
							Sort by Relevance
						



Sort by Date (newest first)
Sort by Date (oldest first)
Sort by Relevance
Sort by Most Cited



« Prev
Select page number


Go to page: 1 of 2



»



Next »








 







Everything19
Electronic Full Text10
Citations9
Datasets0


Patents0


Multimedia0
Software0




Filter Results
Filter by Subject


mathematics and computing (4)
general studies of nuclear reactors (3)
monte carlo method (3)
neutron transport (3)
radiation transport (3)
reactor physics (3)
advantg (2)
comparative evaluations (2)
computerized simulation (2)
criticality (2)
eigenvalues (2)
hybrid monte carlo (2)
nuclear fuel cycle and fuel materials (2)
nuclear physics and radiation physics (2)
s codes (2)
shielding (2)
specific nuclear reactors and associated plants (2)
a codes (1)
acceleration (1)
anisotropy (1)


Filter by Author


Johnson, Seth R (9)
Johnson, Seth R. (9)
Evans, Thomas M (5)
Evans, Thomas M. (4)
Pandya, Tara M. (4)
Davidson, Gregory G (3)
Davidson, Gregory G. (3)
Godfrey, Andrew T. (3)
Ibrahim, Ahmad M. (3)
Peplow, Douglas E. (3)
Bekar, Kursat B. (2)
Grove, Robert E. (2)
Hamilton, Steven P (2)
Hamilton, Steven P. (2)
Ibrahim, Ahmad M (2)
Mosher, Scott W (2)
Pandya, Tara M (2)
Wieselquist, William A. (2)
Bevill, Aaron M (1)
Bevill, Aaron M. (1)





Save Results
Save this search to My Library
Excel (limit 2000)
CSV (limit 5000)
XML (limit 5000)












NUCLIDE DEPLETION CAPABILITIES IN THE SHIFT MONTE CARLO CODE



Johnson, Seth R
January 2016











FW/CADIS- : AN ANGLE-INFORMED HYBRID METHOD FOR DEEP-PENETRATION RADIATION TRANSPORT



Johnson, Seth R
						; Evans, Thomas M
January 2016











Fast Mix Table Construction for Material Discretization



Johnson, Seth R
January 2013


An effective hybrid Monte Carlo--deterministic implementation typically requires the approximation of a continuous geometry description with a discretized piecewise-constant material field. The inherent geometry discretization error can be reduced somewhat by using material mixing, where multiple materials inside a discrete mesh voxel are homogenized. Material mixing requires the construction of a ``mix table,'' which stores the volume fractions in every mixture so that multiple voxels with similar compositions can reference the same mixture. Mix table construction is a potentially expensive serial operation for large problems with many materials and voxels. We formulate an efficient algorithm to construct a sparse mix table inmore » $$O(\text{number of voxels}\times \log \text{number of mixtures})$$ time. The new algorithm is implemented in ADVANTG and used to discretize continuous geometries onto a structured Cartesian grid. When applied to an end-of-life MCNP model of the High Flux Isotope Reactor with 270 distinct materials, the new method improves the material mixing time by a factor of 100 compared to a naive mix table implementation.« less








Shift: A Massively Parallel Monte Carlo Radiation Transport Package



Pandya, Tara M
						; Johnson, Seth R
						; Davidson, Gregory G
						; ... January 2015


This paper discusses the massively-parallel Monte Carlo radiation transport package, Shift, developed at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. It reviews the capabilities, implementation, and parallel performance of this code package. Scaling results demonstrate very good strong and weak scaling behavior of the implemented algorithms. Benchmark results from various reactor problems show that Shift results compare well to other contemporary Monte Carlo codes and experimental results.








Existing Fortran interfaces to Trilinos in preparation for exascale ForTrilinos development



Evans, Katherine J.
						; Young, Mitchell T.
						; Collins, Benjamin S.
						; ... March 2017


This report summarizes the current state of Fortran interfaces to the Trilinos library within several key applications of the Exascale Computing Program (ECP), with the aim of informing developers about strategies to develop ForTrilinos, an exascale-ready, Fortran interface software package within Trilinos. The two software projects assessed within are the DOE Office of Science's Accelerated Climate Model for Energy (ACME) atmosphere component, CAM, and the DOE Office of Nuclear Energy's core-simulator portion of VERA, a nuclear reactor simulation code. Trilinos is an object-oriented, C++ based software project, and spans a collection of algorithms and other enabling technologies such as uncertaintymore » quantification and mesh generation. To date, Trilinos has enabled these codes to achieve large-scale simulation results, however the simulation needs of CAM and VERA-CS will approach exascale over the next five years. A Fortran interface to Trilinos that enables efficient use of programming models and more advanced algorithms is necessary. Where appropriate, the needs of the CAM and VERA-CS software to achieve their simulation goals are called out specifically. With this report, a design document and execution plan for ForTrilinos development can proceed.« less
Full Text Available








The Multi-Step CADIS Method for Shutdown Dose Rate Calculations and Uncertainty Propagation



Ibrahim, Ahmad M
						; Peplow, Douglas E.
						; Grove, Robert E
						; ... January 2014











Three-dimensional discrete ordinates reactor assembly calculations on GPUs



Evans, Thomas M
						; Joubert, Wayne
						; Hamilton, Steven P
						; ... January 2015


In this paper we describe and demonstrate a discrete ordinates sweep algorithm on GPUs. This sweep algorithm is nested within a multilevel comunication-based decomposition based on energy. We demonstrated the effectiveness of this algorithm on detailed three-dimensional critical experiments and PWR lattice problems. For these problems we show improvement factors of 4 6 over conventional communication-based, CPU-only sweeps. These sweep kernel speedups resulted in a factor of 2 total time-to-solution improvement.








Dose Estimation for Complex Urban Environments Using RUGUD, SWORD, ADVANTG and Denovo



Li, Andy
						; Lekoudis, George
						; Mosher, Scott W
						; ... January 2015











Hot zero power reactor calculations using the Insilico code



Hamilton, Steven P., E-mail: hamiltonsp@ornl.gov
						; Evans, Thomas M., E-mail: evanstm@ornl.gov
						; Davidson, Gregory G., E-mail: davidsongg@ornl.gov
						; ... June 2016 - Journal of Computational Physics


In this paper we describe the reactor physics simulation capabilities of the Insilico code. A description of the various capabilities of the code is provided, including detailed discussion of the geometry, meshing, cross section processing, and neutron transport options. Numerical results demonstrate that Insilico using an SP{sub N} solver with pin-homogenized cross section generation is capable of delivering highly accurate full-core simulation of various pressurized water reactor problems. Comparison to both Monte Carlo calculations and measured plant data is provided.
Full Text Available








Shift Verification and Validation



Pandya, Tara M.
						; Evans, Thomas M.
						; Davidson, Gregory G
						; ... September 2016


This documentation outlines the verification and validation of Shift for the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors (CASL). Five main types of problems were used for validation: small criticality benchmark problems; full-core reactor benchmarks for light water reactors; fixed-source coupled neutron-photon dosimetry benchmarks; depletion/burnup benchmarks; and full-core reactor performance benchmarks. We compared Shift results to measured data and other simulated Monte Carlo radiation transport code results, and found very good agreement in a variety of comparison measures. These include prediction of critical eigenvalue, radial and axial pin power distributions, rod worth, leakage spectra, and nuclide inventories over amore » burn cycle. Based on this validation of Shift, we are confident in Shift to provide reference results for CASL benchmarking.« less
Full Text Available








« Prev
Select page number


Go to page: 1 of 2



»



Next »










		
			Switch to Detail View for this search
		
	




Some links on this page may take you to non-federal websites. Their policies may differ from this site.






















sethrjohnson






































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Johnson Seth Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Johnson Seth Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Johnson's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Johnson Seth's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Johnson Seth's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Johnson Seth 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Johnson’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailJohnson’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Johnson’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Johnson is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Johnson’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Johnson is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Johnson's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Johnson's background in the comforts of home.
Johnson will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Johnson's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Johnson Seth, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Johnson's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























