


	News - Karmanos Cancer Institute - Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute






































































































 
 













 Make an appointment with a cancer specialist today.
Call us at 800-KARMANOS (800-527-6266)




















News













News








Back




                    Karmanos Doctors Peter Littrup, M.D., and Neb Duric, Ph.D.,named Innovators of the Year


                Tuesday, November 08, 2011
            

Peter J. Littrup, M.D., and Neb Duric, Ph.D., of Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute and Wayne State University (WSU) School of Medicine, were named the state’s Innovators of the Year during the seventh annual MichBio Expo, held Nov. 3 in Grand Rapids. The award recognizes excellence in Michigan's biosciences community during the past year. 




Peter J. Littrup, M.D.

Neb Duric, Ph.D.



Dr. Littrup, director of Interventional Radiology and Radiology Research for the Karmanos Cancer Institute and professor of Radiology, WSU School of Medicine; and Dr. Duric, co-leader, Developmental Therapeutics Program for the Karmanos Cancer Institute and professor of Oncology, WSU School of Medicine, received the recognition as the co-founders of Delphinus Medical Technologies Inc., and the co-creators of a breast cancer imaging device called SoftVue.
Delphinus is a spinoff company of the Karmanos Cancer Institute, formed in November 2009, to manufacture SoftVue, a three-dimensional, full-breast ultrasound imaging device that effectively differentiates benign from malignant masses in breast cancer cases using a safe, comfortable, and reliable patented technology. This breast cancer screening technology could one day replace mammography. Dr. Littrup and Dr. Duric designed the new screening technology, which eliminates some of the limitations of mammography by using ultrasound imaging. SoftVue exams do not involve breast compression or radiation exposure. Instead, the breast is submerged in warm water and an ultrasound ring surrounds the breast, capturing detailed three-dimensional images through the use of sound waves. 

Peter Littrup, M.D., and Neb Duric, Ph.D., of Karmanos Cancer Institute and WSU School of Medicine, with the SoftVue prototype. 
Because it doesn’t use radiation, the SoftVue system is able to perform repeated imaging, a necessary tool for the monitoring and assessment of cancer treatment. Through its three-dimensional capabilities, SoftVue can accurately measure breast density, a known risk factor for developing breast cancer. The detailed images generated allow radiologists to make accurate breast cancer diagnoses. The results are similar to those provided by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), but testing with the SoftVue system takes only minutes and costs much less. This unique technology helps to accurately detect breast cancer in its early stages, even in patients with dense breast tissue sometimes missed by mammography. In addition, because SoftVue uses multi-parametric ultrasound and sophisticated computer algorithms rather than X-rays, its believed that it will reduce the number of false positives that can occur with mammography, thereby reducing unnecessary biopsies. 
SoftVue is indicative of the way academic medical research translates from the bench to the bedside, and benefits local economies. Delphinus secured $8 million in venture capital to begin operations. Delphinus -- Latin for dolphin which communicates through underwater sound signals -- began seeking funding in late 2009 to design and build the first 10 machines that will be used in clinical settings around the globe. SoftVue’s lead investor is Arboretum Ventures of Ann Arbor, Mich. Beringea LLC co-led the deal through its InvestMichigan! Growth Capital Fund in partnership with North Coast Technology Investors. Delphinus is located in the Michigan Life Science and Innovation Center in Plymouth Township. Dr. Littrup serves as the company’s chief medical officer and Dr. Duric is chief technical officer.
The venture capital investment has allowed the company to hire employees in highly technical engineering system and software positions. Those ranks are expected to grow to 50 to 100 positions within the next four years. Final assembly and quality assurance testing of the product will be performed at the company’s Michigan facility. Delphinus plans to use dealer sales organizations in the United States, as well as imaging equipment manufacturers outside the U.S. for product distribution. The company has received sales commitments for the SoftVue system from several national and international health institutions that have agreed to be included in the ongoing clinical studies involving the technology, moving this technology closer to FDA approval.
MichBio is the biosciences industry trade association and the official Michigan affiliate of the Biotechnology Industry Organization. It works to promote cooperation between the state’s bioscience businesses, develops business opportunities and works to improve a “science-friendly environment” for attracting and starting new businesses.























Karmanos Cancer Institute
    4100 John R
    Detroit, Michigan 48201


Make an appointment, please call between 7:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday - Friday

Questions? Email info@karmanos.org





PATIENTS & VISITORS
Patient Center
Karmanos Advantage
Cancer Care & Treatments
Support & Education





HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS
Refer a Patient
Clinical Trials
Professional Education
Research





RESEARCH
Types of Research
Phase 1 Clinical Trials





WAYS TO GIVE
23rd Annual Partners Events
Donate
Fundraising
Volunteer
Susan G. Komen Detroit Race for the Cure




School of Medicine 







Connect with us 
FacebookTwitterYou TubeRSS




Sitemap 












© 2017 Karmanos Cancer Institute 





                            The Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Center is accredited by The Joint Commission.
If members of the public have any quality-of-care or safety concerns, they may notify The Joint Commission at630-792-5800..
                        












Volume 2495, Peter Karmanos --- Peter Marinello by Deutsch Print Wikipedia (Hardcover) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Volume 2495, Peter Karmanos --- Peter Marinello
                


By Deutsch Print Wikipedia 





                                                                                                                                                                                Hardcover, 704 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $81.64
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

Volume 2495, Peter Karmanos---Peter Marinello

Print Wikipedia is a both a utilitarian visualization of the largest accumulation of human knowledge and a poetic gesture towards the inhuman scale of big data. Michael Mandiberg wrote software transforms all of Wikipedia in thousands of print on print-on-demand volumes, drawing attention to the sheer size of the encyclopedia's content and the impossibility of rendering Wikipedia as a poetic material object in fixed form: Once a volume is printed it is already out of date. This German version encompases 3406 volumes that were uploaded in May and June 2016.

Eine gängige Größenordnung für Enzyklopädien sind die Bände ihrer Ausgaben. Michael Mandiberg hat die aktuelle Version der deutschsprachigen Wikipedia in enzyklopädische Artikel umgerechnet und eine ganze Bibliothek des Wissens geschaffen: 3.406 Bände.








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item





Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

ISBN
    9781326701970

Copyright
        Wikipedia Contributors (Creative Commons Attribution 2.0)    
Edition
02
Publisher
Michael Mandiberg
Published
    June 12, 2016

Language
German
Pages
704
Binding
Hardcover (casewrap)
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        2.21 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        6 wide x 9 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/deutsch-print-wikipedia/volume-2495-peter-karmanos-peter-marinello/hardcover/product-22749129.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Poetry,                Reference,                Wikipedia,                Mandiberg 
Listed In

 Poetry


More From     
                                Deutsch Print Wikipedia                    




see more >






                                    Volume 2666, Riley B....
                    

By Deutsch Print Wikipedia 

            Hardcover:        

$81.43







                                    Volume 2612, Rasterweite...
                    

By Deutsch Print Wikipedia 

            Hardcover:        

$80.89







                                    Volume 2644,...
                    

By Deutsch Print Wikipedia 

            Hardcover:        

$81.40







                                    Volume 2682,...
                    

By Deutsch Print Wikipedia 

            Hardcover:        

$81.51







                                    Volume 2716, Rudolf...
                    

By Deutsch Print Wikipedia 

            Hardcover:        

$80.92
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok







	News - Karmanos Cancer Institute - Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute






































































































 
 













 Make an appointment with a cancer specialist today.
Call us at 800-KARMANOS (800-527-6266)




















News













News








Back




                    Ultrasound breast cancer imaging device created at the Karmanos Cancer Institute one step closer to FDA approval


                Sunday, January 27, 2013
            






Watch the feature story. 




SoftVue, the whole breast ultrasound imaging device created by two scientists from the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute and Wayne State University School of Medicine, is currently undergoing review by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for market clearance. It's anticipated that this first application clearance could come this spring, with several other FDA submissions to follow over the next couple of years. This promising imaging tool has the potential to aid in detecting breast cancer earlier, especially in women with dense breasts.

Peter Littrup, M.D., and Neb Duric, Ph.D., of the Karmanos Cancer Institute and Wayne State University School of Medicine, and their team have been working to perfect the SoftVue technology for more than a decade. The Karmanos Cancer Institute spun off a company in 2009 called Delphinus Medical Technologies to help secure funding to bring this device closer to commercialization. Since then, Delphinus has grown to 19 employees, many of whom are engineers, and plans are underway to gradually increase the sales staff once the first FDA market clearance is obtained. 
 







SoftVue Co-Creators Neb Duric, Ph.D., left, and Peter Littrup, M.D., (center) of the Karmanos Cancer Institute and Wayne State University School of Medicine, are joined with Bill Greenway, CEO of Delphinus.





“We are pleased to see the progress of SoftVue over the past 12 years, first with the concept followed by the prototype created at Karmanos a few years later,” said Gerold Bepler, M.D., Ph.D., president and CEO of the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute. “After years of dedication and hard work by co-creators Peter Littrup, M.D., and Neb Duric, Ph.D., along with their team, we are delighted that Karmanos has the first commercial-grade SoftVue system to offer to our patients. Information obtained from this new SoftVue system will continue the next round of clinical research for use in diagnostic breast imaging. “SoftVue is another example of the exceptional cancer research and innovative technology created right here at the Karmanos Cancer Institute in Detroit, and built in Michigan.”   
 




 



            Rhonda Walker, news anchor with WDIV Local 4’s Morning Show, interviews Dr. Peter Littrup of Karmanos regarding SoftVue’s technology. Photos of Amber Edmunds healthy baby girl hang on the wall of the SoftVue room at Karmanos. Edmunds was treated for breast cancer while she was pregnant and agreed to take part in the SoftVue studies.





More than $32 million in funding, including venture capital and other grants, helped turn SoftVue’s technology into a commercial product – pending FDA clearance to market. The first round of venture capital funding included Michigan companies Arboretum Ventures, Altarum Institute, Beringea, LLC’s InvestMichigan! Growth Capital Fund and North Coast Technology Investors. Other funding, past and present, was received from several private donors along with grants from the National Institutes of Health, the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation and the Michigan Economic Development Corp. Currently, the Karmanos Cancer Institute has the only commercial-grade SoftVue system in the world.  
 







Karmanos breast cancer patient Amber Edmunds shares her story with Rhonda Walker of WDIV Local 4. Edmunds was five months pregnant when she found out she had breast cancer. She had just moved back to Detroit and her OBGYN referred her to the Karmanos Cancer Institute. Edmunds, now age 30,  is currently receiving radiation treatment at Karmanos and is grateful for the wonderful care she’s received at Karmanos through her journey. She gave birth to a healthy baby girl in August 2012.  





How SoftVue Works



SoftVue uses ultrasound waves, rather than X-rays, which have the potential to aid in detecting early stages of breast cancer, even in women with dense breast tissue often not picked up by mammography. 

The interaction of sound waves with cancerous tissue yields a unique signature that can be measured using the SoftVue technology. The SoftVue system collects information not often detected by conventional ultrasound imaging, resulting in a more accurate and complete image of the tissue characteristics.    

The SoftVue exam:







Takes about one minute per exam
Produces images for the radiologist in less than 15 minutes
Does not involve radiation or compression used in mammography – the current gold standard for breast cancer imaging, and  
Is a fraction of the cost of breast MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) 

With SoftVue, the breast is submerged in warm water and an ultrasound transducer ring surrounds the breast without touching it. The SoftVue system transmits and receives ultrasound signals around the entire breast that allow it to capture detailed, three-dimensional images.
 
The system is able to perform repeated imaging, a necessary tool for biopsy, monitoring and treatment assessment. 

SoftVue’s detailed images aid the radiologist in making an accurate breast cancer diagnosis. It’s believed that SoftVue could help reduce the number of false positives that can occur with mammography and thereby reduce unnecessary biopsies.

Next Steps






Once market clearance is received for the first FDA submission, other SoftVue systems will be produced for other medical centers that will take part in clinical studies needed to secure further FDA approvals for SoftVue. Up to now, SoftVue studies were only for diagnostic purposes, showing the quality and safety of this technology compared to other ultrasound breast cancer imaging devices. 






The company plans to carry out clinical trials involving approximately 15,000 - 20,000 subjects to support an FDA Pre-Market Approval Application, which, once approved, will give Delphinus the green light to sell SoftVue for breast cancer screening in the United States. William Greenway, Delphinus' CEO, anticipates that could take until 2015, depending on the number of people participating in the clinical studies at various medical centers, as well as funding to manufacture the systems. 

“Once we secure this first FDA clearance, we’ll receive signed commitments from other health centers that have expressed interest in SoftVue,” said Greenway. “The approximate cost for the SoftVue machine is $400,000, comparable to mammography. We anticipate that we’ll need another $15 - $17 million in venture capital to carry out the trials and produce the machines, which will be manufactured in Michigan.” 

How to Access SoftVue






Mammography is still the gold standard in breast cancer screening; however, for hospitals and medical centers such as the Karmanos Cancer Institute where SoftVue will be available, SoftVue will serve as a follow-up to breast cancer screening upon initial FDA market clearance. 

Currently, SoftVue is available at the Karmanos Cancer Institute and Karmanos patients may sign up to be part of the ongoing clinical studies. Once the first FDA clearance is secured, additional SoftVue systems will be produced and placed in other medical centers interested in this technology. 

For more information on SoftVue technology contact Delphinus Medical Technologies at 734-233-3088. For patients interested in participating in SoftVue’s clinical studies for breast cancer screening, call the Karmanos Cancer Institute at 1-800-KARMANOS (1-800-527-6266.)

























Karmanos Cancer Institute
    4100 John R
    Detroit, Michigan 48201


Make an appointment, please call between 7:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday - Friday

Questions? Email info@karmanos.org





PATIENTS & VISITORS
Patient Center
Karmanos Advantage
Cancer Care & Treatments
Support & Education





HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS
Refer a Patient
Clinical Trials
Professional Education
Research





RESEARCH
Types of Research
Phase 1 Clinical Trials





WAYS TO GIVE
23rd Annual Partners Events
Donate
Fundraising
Volunteer
Susan G. Komen Detroit Race for the Cure




School of Medicine 







Connect with us 
FacebookTwitterYou TubeRSS




Sitemap 












© 2017 Karmanos Cancer Institute 





                            The Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Center is accredited by The Joint Commission.
If members of the public have any quality-of-care or safety concerns, they may notify The Joint Commission at630-792-5800..
                        









Peter Karmanos sued by his adult sons for $105MSUBSCRIBE NOW$19.99/yearGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipAlready a subscriber?Log inSubscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe NowAlready a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.
                            343
                        Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterestPeter Karmanos sued by his adult sons for $105MMetro Detroit businessman Peter Karmanos Jr. is being sued by a stock partnership set up for his three adult sonsPost to FacebookPeter Karmanos sued by his adult sons for $105M Metro Detroit businessman Peter Karmanos Jr. is being sued by a stock partnership set up for his three adult sons  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/1WYWYv1
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 
                                38
                            Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsPeter Karmanos sued by his adult sons for $105MJC Reindl, Detroit Free Press
            Published 2:17 p.m. ET June 1, 2016 | Updated 7:06 p.m. ET June 1, 2016Buy PhotoPeter Karmanos Jr. in January 2015.(Photo: Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
            
                343
            
        CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN
                
                    38
                
            COMMENTEMAILMOREMetro Detroit businessman Peter Karmanos Jr. is being sued by his three adult sons for $105 million, accusing him of failing to repay money used for his hockey team and other purposes to a family stock partnership that was set up to benefit the sons from his first marriage.They contend that their father stopped making payments nearly three years ago on a $101-million promissory note to the stock partnership. Although the lawsuit says that the missed payments equal $4.3 million, the lawsuit claims that the entire principal and interest — $105.6 million — is now due because of the default.The lawsuit was filed last week by the stock partnership against Karmanos, 73, in Oakland County Circuit Court. The three sons in the partnership are Peter Karmanos III, Nick Karmanos and Jason Karmanos, who are from Karmanos' first marriage to Barbara Ann Karmanos. She died of cancer in 1989 and became the namesake for the renowned Michigan-based cancer institute.Peter Karmanos Jr. is the cofounder of Detroit-based Compuware, once the largest computer technology company in the state. He maintains a 34% ownership stake in the stock partnership, which he set up for the sons in 1996 with Compuware stock to transfer assets "in a tax-advantageous manner," according to the lawsuit. The lawsuit doesn't specify how much money or stock is left in the partnership, but it says the value once exceeded $100 million.Kevin O'Shea, attorney for Peter Karmanos Jr., said there would be no comment for this article.  The attorney representing the three adult sons and the stock partnership did not return messages.Karmanos remarried after his first wife died, and he later divorced his second wife. Today, he has four young sons with his third wife, Danialle Karmanos.His eldest son with Barbara,  Peter Karmanos III, a cotrustee in the stock partnership, cautioned his father in a letter this spring that he and his two brothers were frustrated by the nonpayments and ready to sue him for the note's full amount unless he made a $4.3-million payment by May 24. The partnership filed its lawsuit two days after the missed deadline."I've tried and tried to work out the issues with you regarding repayment of the monies that you owe to the Peter Karmanos Jr. Stock Limited Partnership. So has Nick and so has Jason," wrote Peter Karmanos III, a former chief information officer at Compuware. "We'd like nothing more than to have worked this out with you. I won't rehash everything here, but it just hasn't happened."The lawsuit says Karmanos has previously pledged the family stock partnership as collateral to help support the NHL hockey team that he owns, the Carolina Hurricanes.  His son Jason Karmanos held the job of assistant general manager for the Hurricanes until 2013, when the team fired him. "This is a family matter," the elder Karmanos said in a statement at the time of the firing.A member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, Karmanos last year sold the Plymouth Whalers junior ice hockey team as well as the former Compuware Arena.He was awarded $16.5 million last year by an arbitration judge from Compuware for stock options that the company abruptly cancelled following Karmanos' obscenity-laced criticisms of the firm's board members and its management at the time. The company is still appealing the award.Karmanos retired from Compuware in spring 2013. He currently is involved in several tech start-ups based in Birmingham, including an all-online mortgage lending platform called Lenderful.Karmanos had executed two previous promissory notes to the family stock partnership, one for $180 million in 1999 and another for $69.7 million in 2009. The current promissory note was executed in June 2013 for $101.3 million, to be paid in installments with 2.1% interest until June 2022 or a year after Karmanos' death, if it occurs before then. The lawsuit says Karmanos failed to make a single payment.Contact JC Reindl: 313-222-6631 or jcreindl@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @JCReindl.The adult Karmanos sons:Are from Peter Karmanos Jr.'s marriage to the late Barbara Ann KarmanosPeter Karmanos III was once the chief information officer at Compuware, according to his LinkedIn profile.Nick Karmanos is an executive at the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute.Jason Karmanos was an assistant general manager for the NHL's Carolina Hurricanes. He later became a vice president for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
            
                343
            
        CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN
                
                    38
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORERead or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1WYWYv1
The untold tale of Compuware, Karmanos and a bitter breakupSUBSCRIBE NOW$19.99/yearGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipAlready a subscriber?Log inSubscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe NowAlready a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.
                            1177
                        
                            71
                        Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterestThe untold tale of Compuware, Karmanos and a bitter breakupHow a Detroit icon went from cofounder and CEO to getting kicked out of his office, suing the company he startedPost to FacebookThe untold tale of Compuware, Karmanos and a bitter breakup How a Detroit icon went from cofounder and CEO to getting kicked out of his office, suing the company he started  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/1MPyiwE
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 
                                74
                            Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsThe untold tale of Compuware, Karmanos and a bitter breakupTom Walsh and JC Reindl, Detroit Free Press
            Published 12:02 a.m. ET July 26, 2015 | Updated 10:19 a.m. ET July 28, 2015Buy PhotoPeter Karmanos Jr. owner of the Plymouth Whalers ice hockey team talks to the media after his announcement that he has sold the team on Wednesday, January 14, 2015  during a press conference at Compuware arena in Plymouth.(Photo: Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
            
                1177
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                71
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    74
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORECocktail hour was under way at the Atlantis Paradise Island resort in the Bahamas in the spring of 2013, and Compuware cofounder Peter Karmanos Jr. was spoiling for a fight.Karmanos, then-70 and recently retired, was in the Bahamas as special honoree at a black-tie dinner to celebrate Compuware's top-performing salespeople.But Detroit's brash corporate titan, sports team owner and philanthropist was fuming. He had just learned from his hand-picked successor, CEO Bob Paul, that board members wanted to pull the plug on paying $1.5 million for two retirement parties.Related: Time line of the Compuware breakupThe more lavish of the events, planned in part by Karmanos' wife, Danialle, was a formal gala for 400 invited guests from Michigan's business and political elite. Elaborate invitations had been mailed to the governor and Compuware board members, among others, for what was billed as an "Esoteric Bacchanalia." Attire was to be "gown & gloves, white jacket tuxedo." (Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images)The plans — including renting out Detroit City Airport — shocked board members at a time of layoffs and pressure from activist investors to cut operational costs."We got to talk right now," Karmanos told Paul at the resort, according to a transcript of testimony given by Paul as part of a lawsuit.Buy Photo (Photo: William Archie Detroit Free Press)Paul said, "OK … let's go into the banquet room because I know the way this is going. We're going to freak everybody out.' "Related: Cast of characters in the Compuware sagaThe shouting match that followed became a pivotal moment in a three-year corporate drama that eventually led to the board's decision to fire Karmanos later that year from his $600,000-per-year consultant job and cancel more than $4 million worth of stock options.He was forced out by Paul and kicked out of his office in the 15-story headquarters tower he had built at Campus Martius.With Karmanos out of the way, Compuware eventually was split into pieces last year, sold to an out-of-state private equity firm. And Compuware's trophy headquarters in downtown — the Compuware Building — was sold last December for $142 million as part of the breakup.Buy Photo (Photo: Martha Thierry Detroit Free Press)Agitation from activist hedge fund investors during Karmanos' final year with the company led to cost-cutting, hundreds of layoffs, the jettisoning of business units and, finally, the purchase of what remained by private equity firm Thoma Bravo of Chicago and San Francisco.Another former Compuware subsidiary, cloud-computing firm Covisint, relocated to Southfield.Related: How Compuware story came togetherOnce Michigan's largest information technology (IT) company with 15,000 employees across the globe, Compuware now operates on one floor of its downtown building and has a few hundred employees.All of those developments were still more than a year away that night in the Bahamas as Karmanos and Paul screamed and shouted, within earshot of the other guests."We went at it," Paul recalled later. "There were a lot of expletives."The public recordKarmanos sued over his firing and was awarded $16.5 million in February by an arbitrator.Details of the power struggles, boardroom drama, questionable tactics by hedge fund investors and even a blackmail allegation would have been sealed forever in secret documents if Compuware's new private equity firm owner had accepted the arbitrator's decision. When Compuware appealed the award in court, the secrecy that typically shrouds such arbitration cases was lifted.What emerged from the records and interviews with major players is the story of a botched management transition from a proud dominant founder to a new CEO, and of a board of directors lurching from one firestorm to another under siege from activist hedge funds looking for Compuware to slash expenses and goose its stock price.Mostly, perhaps, it's the behind-the-scenes story of the last tumultuous years of an imposing corporate presence downtown.40 years and out; Karmanos picks an exit dateThis story begins in early 2011, when Karmanos, Detroit's mercurial, big-hearted corporate icon, decided it was time to wind down his long Compuware career.He vowed to retire two years later on the 40th anniversary of the company he cofounded with two friends in 1973 and led to become a large employer in the region and driver of downtown Detroit's revival.Compuware got its start in a converted Southfield motel and was founded as a services firm to help other companies master their new IT systems. Five years later, it began selling its own software products and enjoyed nearly 30% annual growth its first 25 years. In the mid-1990s, the company became Michigan's fifth-largest exporter.Compuware made Karmanos, the son of Greek immigrants, immensely wealthy. Rich enough to own an NHL hockey team, the Carolina Hurricanes; to donate more than $50 million to the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in memory of his late first wife; and to give $6 million with current wife, Danialle, to create the Karmanos Center for Natural Birth at Beaumont Hospital.Compuware stayed profitable through most of his long tenure at the helm, but revenues and employment fell after the IT boom of the late 1990s and early 2000s, as Compuware's traditional mainframe computer customer base became a smaller part of the IT world.Compuware acquired new companies and introduced products in cloud computing and other niches to spur growth. One of those companies was Covisint, headed by Paul, whom Karmanos anointed as Compuware's new CEO in 2011. Karmanos planned to stick around as executive board chairman until March 31, 2013, when he'd retire from active duty."I'd like to leave with a really great flourish at the end," Karmanos told the Free Press in a Jan. 17, 2011, interview.He had no idea how prophetic — in the worst of ways — that statement would prove to be. Karmanos did indeed leave Compuware in 2013, but in humiliating fashion.Smooth start, then conflictAt first, the handoff of leadership to Paul and his executive team looked smooth. On June 20, 2011, Karmanos slipped into the role of executive chairman with an office down the hall from Paul."Now I can spend the next year and nine months mentoring those guys and helping them through some tough situations they might face," Karmanos told the Free Press at the time.But the company's stock price was stuck in neutral — around $9 a share when Paul became CEO, then languished between $7 and $9 for the next year.That December, new CEO Paul unveiled a three-year business plan to Wall Street investors designed to cut costs and focus on high-growth divisions while still tending to the company's cash cow — software and services for the mainframe market.Paul said his relations with Karmanos began to sour over cost-cutting in the ensuing months. "All of a sudden the relationship changed," Paul testified during the arbitration this year.Karmanos, for his part, said that when activist investors including Elliott and Sandell Asset Management soon emerged as buyers of Compuware stock, they were pushing the firm "to do stupid things," such as paying the first-ever dividend since going public in 1992."The reason we didn't pay dividends, even though I owned a ton of shares, was that it would have handicapped the company," Karmanos said. "It was cash the company could not afford to pay out."Karmanos said he merely gave Paul advice — not orders — and sometimes helped Paul persuade board members to spend more money, not less, on strategic acquisitions of small tech companies."I never gave up on him," Karmanos said of Paul. "I was fighting for him with the board when they wanted him to do things that were stupid, like cut too close to the bone."Paul, however, said Karmanos was strongly opposed to laying off employees or cutting projects in Detroit, where about 2,000 of the 4,500 remaining employees were based in 2012."That is part of Pete's persona. He is about Detroit regardless," Paul said. "As soon as we started to whittle away at that, we started impacting friends, we started impacting professionals that he had known for years, and he didn't want anything to do with it."Paul favored selling the Compuware building, which had cost $450 million to build in the early 2000s. The building was ultimately sold for $142 million last December to Detroit businessman Dan Gilbert and Meridian Health.Throughout the cost cutting, Paul said the executive team used "code terms so we didn't freak all the employees out." Instead of talking about layoffs or selling off units or the headquarters building, they would tell Wall Street about efforts to "rationalize the portfolio" or "optimize the balance sheet."Paul also wanted to cut costs related to another Karmanos passion: ice hockey. Under Karmanos' direction, Compuware became a longtime financial supporter of an ice arena in suburban Detroit — the Compuware Arena — that Karmanos owned and where his Plymouth Whalers junior team played. Karmanos sold the Whalers early this year and they now play in Flint."For a global IT company, it didn't make any sense," Paul said. "We were writing $3 million to the NHL every year for a sponsorship of a couple hockey games in Europe."'I think I just resigned'By summer of 2012, relations between Karmanos and Paul were unraveling.Paul tried to resign during a shouting match with Karmanos on Sept. 11 — but he never put his intentions in writing.Former Detroit Mayor Dennis Archer, a 10-year Compuware board member at the time, recalled things this way:"Mr. Paul indicated that he was inclined to resign due to disruptive, distracting and abusive behavior on the part of Mr. Karmanos," Archer stated in an arbitration affidavit.Buy Photo (Photo: William Archie Detroit Free Press)Paul said he threatened to resign Sept. 11 when Karmanos told him he should fire two top executives and Paul disagreed."It turned into an F.U., no, F.U. No, F.U. No, F.U.," Paul testified at the arbitration hearings. "I wish that conversation had been more civil."Right after that clash, Compuware's chief legal counsel, Dan Follis, received a phone call as he was leaving the office for a golf outing."I think I just resigned from the company," Paul told him.Follis, alarmed, asked Paul if he had put that in writing or told anyone else. Compuware would have to immediately report such news to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.Paul replied he hadn't, and Follis said, "I think you should hold off, because it could be potentially damaging to the company to have a CEO resign without a succession plan in place."Karmanos gets his way, and more moneyPaul agreed to stick around as CEO if board members agreed to prevent  Karmanos, still technically Paul's superior,  from torpedoing  business plans Paul and the board already promised to deliver.He also insisted Karmanos move out of the Compuware headquarters, where he had an office on the same floor.Paul got half what he wanted, but stayed anyway.Karmanos agreed to fully retire by April 2013, but he would not give up his office. He also bargained a richer exit package — the post-retirement consulting contract — that would pay him $600,000 a year for six years. His previous package was a four-year deal worth around $300,000 annually.Paul said board members apologized to him for allowing the awkward standoff with Karmanos to drag on so long."We've left Pete in this position too long. We've done you a disservice and we apologize," Paul said he was told by board members, who decided Karmanos would not be involved in operations but keep the executive chairman title through March 31, 2013."OK, that's fine," Paul said he told the board, "but he needs to be moved out of this building, because it's a disruption to me and the rest of the organization."The board waffled on that office relocation request, however, telling him, "We're not sure we can do that, and blah, blah, blah," Paul said later.Karmanos stayed put."I think they kept him around because we're paying him … a lot of money for six years," Paul said. "They had to have him do something."On Oct. 29, Compuware filed an 8-K Report with the SEC that disclosed terms of the new exit package and said Gurminder Bedi, the lead independent board member, would become the next chairman  after Karmanos left on March 31.No news release was issued about the filing.Nine days later, in a Free Press interview, Karmanos said he was cutting ties with the board so he could work on some technology ideas while having "an arm's length relationship" with Compuware."I'm smart enough to know who I am," Karmanos said, "and I'll need to turn the Compuware part off, otherwise I'll be a pest."As the holiday season approached in late 2012, an uneasy truce was in place at Compuware.It would not last long.Attack of the hedge fund Compuware's business, though profitable, had been shrinking for more than a decade as it relied heavily on mainframe software and services for the bulk of its revenues.In fall 2012, Elliott Management, an activist investor in publicly traded companies it sees as underperforming or undervalued, went on a Compuware stock-buying spree, ultimately becoming the company's biggest shareholder.Owned by billionaire financier Paul Singer with more than $25 billion in assets under management, Elliott was also known for its high-profile legal battle with Argentina for full bond payments when the country defaulted in 2001. The hedge fund went as far as to detain an Argentine naval vessel.On Dec. 17, 2012, Elliott made an unsolicited takeover bid of $11 per-share for all of Compuware, or $2.3 billion.Buy Photo (Photo: Martha Thierry Detroit Free Press)Paul received word of the surprise offer in a phone call from Jesse Cohn, the hedge fund's portfolio manager."He said, 'Bob, we're putting in an offer for your company for $11. It's going to hit the press in 30 seconds,'" Paul said during arbitration proceedings.Activist investors like Elliott take stakes in companies they think need improvement and attempt to pressure their boards to make big changes, such as slashing costs, spinning off divisions, paying cash to shareholders or putting the company up for sale.Compuware was a ripe target for activism. Revenues had fallen from more than $2 billion in 2000 to less than $1 billion, and  Wall Street believed the company could easily boost profitability by cutting expenses, trimming its workforce and selling off divisions.To help evaluate the buyout offer, Compuware hired Goldman Sachs, the New York investment bank.Karmanos was no fan of either Goldman Sachs or activist investors like Elliott.Activists, he said during arbitration, "generally don't act in the best interests of the employees, the customers, the company or the other shareholders." And Goldman Sachs, in Karmanos' opinion, was more interested in extracting fees than the long-term interests of companies it advised.According to Compuware's lawyers, Karmanos acted "belligerent, openly caustic and blatantly disrespectful" during Goldman Sachs' presentation to Compuware's board on how to respond to Elliott's offer.Karmanos said he worried the structure of Goldman's contract gave  wrong financial incentives. "They made a lot of money if they had a proxy fight or if the company was sold," he said. "And if none of those events happened, they made a (smaller) fee."Karmanos said he suggested staggering the election years of Compuware board seats. This classic anti-activist strategy would make it harder for Elliott to wage a proxy battle and gain control of the company by keeping more board seats out of reach.Other Compuware board members were cool to that idea.Personal information and intimidationGoldman warned Compuware's board that Elliott had many tools to get its way — even personal intimidation.They soon experienced this firsthand.In arbitration testimony, several Compuware board members recalled a meeting in New York with Elliott officials, soon after their unsolicited takeover bid, where Cohn showed up with large folders of what they believed to be personal information on individual board members.One dossier was on board member Fritz Henderson (former General Motors CEO), another on Bedi, said Compuware board member Bill Grabe. "Their hope is the board member will say, 'Jeez, life is too short. I don't want to put up with all this stuff," Grabe said in arbitration testimony. "So you're dealing with somebody whose tactics it is to intimidate, to splinter, to do everything they can to be disruptive to the board the company."Paul testified to receiving a "veiled threat" from the hedge fund's Cohn near the end of an ordinary phone conversation about Compuware's business. Cohn remarked on a vintage Aston Martin sports car that Paul kept at home in his garage that few people knew about."He said, 'By the way, love that English car you're driving,' " Paul recalled. "How the hell would he know that, right?"Offer rejected as too lowAsked for comment, an Elliott Management spokesman last week told the Free Press in a statement that "The conflicts of interest on the Compuware board were well reported and broadly documented. Despite these issues, Elliott was pleased to have worked with Compuware to reach a successful outcome for the company and for shareholders."In his arbitration testimony earlier this year, Henderson recalled the hedge fund's concerns that Compuware's board had too many long-tenured directors and some were too close to Karmanos. Elliott also said there weren't enough directors with relevant skills and experience in the fast-changing software industry.On Jan. 24, 2013, Compuware's board rejected the Elliott's buyout offer as too low.Yet the rejection was not a full-throated rebuke to Elliott, which remained the company's largest shareholder with just under 10% of the stock.Too many Detroiters?When it turned down the offer, Compuware also announced plans for the company's first-ever dividend to shareholders and launched a cost-reduction program that quickly resulted in 160 layoffs.Several weeks before his retirement, Karmanos fired back at Elliott's criticism that Compuware's board was parochial, with too many Detroiters and not enough technology experts."Having the former CEO of General Motors on your board is not a good thing?" Karmanos asked in a Free Press interview.  "Having the woman who ran a university, those aren't good enough credentials to be on our board? Having the former mayor of the City of Detroit, a former Michigan Supreme Court judge and head of the American Bar Association on your board is not a good thing? We're doing all the right things, not all the wrong things, with the board."He was referring to Henderson of GM, Glenda Price of Marygrove College and former Detroit Mayor Dennis Archer.A hedge fund, Karmanos said, "can come in, rip apart the pieces of it, and try to have a fire sale and maybe make 20% on their money, and they look like heroes." And if that's what happens to Compuware, he surmised, whatever's left of the company probably would not be in Detroit.Chaos in ParadiseThat spring of 2013, as Compuware's board was alternately appeasing and trying to fend off the takeover threats from Wall Street, plans were under way for festive events to mark Karmanos' retirement and the company's 40th anniversary.One was the May 9 black-tie dinner at the Atlantis Paradise Island Resort in the Bahamas, as part of an annual trip for rewarding top Compuware sales performers. (Photo: PR NEWSWIRE)Karmanos and his wife, Danialle, were on hand. Paul was, too, along with the sales stars and other Compuware executives, including Denise Starr, the chief administrative officer, and Lisa Elkin, head of marketing and investor relations.Starr and Elkin had prepared a humorous, roast-like PowerPoint presentation for the dinner, sprinkled with made-up dialogue that had Karmanos sputtering snarky, profanity-laced comments about Sarbanes-Oxley Act rules for corporate boards and behavior.Starr and Elkin also had been working for months with Danialle Karmanos on plans for two other celebrations to honor Peter — a formal gala June 8 at Detroit City Airport and an employee event outside the downtown headquarters, possibly at Campus Martius.Initial plans called for Compuware to pay for events. Paul had approved a combined budget of $1.5 million a few months earlier, after more expensive ideas, such as hiring pop stars Sheryl Crow or Kid Rock to perform, were discarded.As time went on, Paul — aware of potential criticism — proposed spreading the $1.5 million in expenses over two fiscal quarters.Only a handful of people inside Compuware knew about the cost of the parties or that Paul had approved the budget — at a time when activist investors were pressuring the firm to cut costs and share more cash with shareholders.That included most board members. That is, until they received their invitations in the mail for the VIP event.Buy Photo (Photo: Salwan Georges, Detroit Free Press)Board members Henderson and G. Scott Romney, (brother of Mitt Romney), would later say that Paul erred in authorizing company funding for a gala at City Airport.The invites arrived in foot-long black envelopes with white cursive lettering, announcing "the pleasure of your company is requested at an Esoteric Bacchanalia for Peter Karmanos, Jr." The attire: "Gown & Gloves; White Jacket Tuxedo"​Alarm bells went off for Henderson and others: "My wife received the invitation and when she opened it, she said, "You're never going to believe this,' " Henderson later recalled.Henderson conferred with Compuware board chairman Bedi and another director. Bedi phoned Paul that morning in the Bahamas and said the company couldn't be financing such extravagance when employees were being laid off.Henderson, who headed GM during the automaker's Chapter 11 bankruptcy and U.S. government control in 2009, immediately saw a potential problem in funding a pricey-looking party when Compuware was a takeover target, laying off workers, and drawing criticism from activist investors for spending too much money."I felt like it sent exactly the wrong message," he said. "You almost couldn't do anything worse if you're in an activist campaign but to have an event like this which would undoubtedly be covered publicly."Board member Grabe, a former IBM executive, also was jarred by the party invitation, which he recalled was the size of a license plate."My reaction was, geez, it's over the top," Grabe said."If Compuware was going to pay for this thing, it was insane," he added in arbitration testimony. "We're firing people all over the place not because they can't perform, but we can't afford to keep them and make money."Karmanos, in a recent interview, recalled the board's angst over the party this way: "As it turned out, it had nothing to do with the amount of money, it had everything to do with optics. That's what they were worried about. And I said, 'Go tell them to take their optics and stuff it.' " Parties and layoffsFrom the newly public arbitration records, it's clear that Compuware officials tried to conceal the company's role in funding the Karmanos retirement gala. An e-mail from a party vendor stated that she was told "it is imperative that no one knows that the gala is being paid for by the company."Denise Starr, a former Compuware executive involved with the party planning, conceded as much in her arbitration case deposition, saying, "Because of all of the things that the company was going through at the time with cost cutting and employees being laid off, if it were to be, you know, on the street that we can afford to be paying for contracts for food or whatever, it might not be perceived of properly."When asked if CEO Paul or her other superiors approved of "concealing the fact that the company was paying for the gala," Starr replied, "Yeah."Most Compuware board members later swore under oath that they didn't know Paul had sanctioned a $1.5-million budget for the retirement celebrations. As they found out, the decision was made to cancel the parties.Paul sent an e-mail to Starr and Elkin, telling them to cancel the funding.Starr informed the party vendor; while Paul broke the news to Karmanos in the Bahamas.Then came another bombshell.Karmanos a blackmailer? Or is Paul a liar?In deposition testimony, Paul claimed that Karmanos, during their shouting match in the Bahamas, threatened to join Elliott's hostile takeover bid against Compuware and advise them on which board members to replace if the party funding was not restored.Karmanos had an upcoming meeting with the hedge fund's billionaire owner, Paul Singer.Karmanos himself emphatically denies making such a threat. He did travel on the Compuware jet to meet Singer in New York later on May 13, he said, but with different intentions.Singer and Karamanos were substantial contributors to Mitt Romney's unsuccessful 2012 presidential campaign. So Karmanos asked Compuware board member Scott Romney if his brother, Mitt, could arrange a meeting with Singer.Karmanos soon found himself on Singer's appointment calendar.The reason for this trip, Karmanos said, was to defuse tensions between Elliott and Compuware.Paul conceded he didn't immediately sound an alarm or call an emergency board meeting about Karmanos' threat. Instead, he said he waited until the next morning and told only Bedi, Compuware's new chairman.Paul testified that Karmanos put it this way: "It was just a matter-of-fact thing. 'I'm going to New York' — and this is screaming – 'This is what I'm going to f'ing do to you.' "E. Powell Miller, Karmanos' lawyer in the later arbitration case, described the notion as ludicrous: "No sooner would Churchill join Hitler than Pete would join with Elliott and the activist hedge funds." he said.Karmanos had long taken a dim view of Wall Street hedge funds and analysts as short-term thinkers looking to make a quick buck. It was probably no coincidence that Compuware was targeted by activist investors around the time Karmanos, who would be a fierce opponent, declared his intention in 2011 to set a retirement date.Karmanos, in his own arbitration case testimony, described his exchange about Elliott very differently.He recalled saying to Paul, "What the hell is going on? Do these guys (the Compuware board members) want me to get involved in some proxy fight against them? Jesus, you know; it's like they're telling me I should do that. Are they trying to goad me into a proxy fight?"Threat or no threat, the Karmanos-Singer meeting in the hedge fund billionaire's office proved uneventful."I said ... you know, 'These guys (the Compuware leadership) are really working very hard, very hard, and it would be nice if you could give them some time and patience,'" Karmanos recalled telling Singer. "And Paul Singer says, 'I think we can do that. In fact, I'm sure we can do that.' "When Paul asked the next day how it went, he said Karmanos replied, "Well, I just told everybody to be patient" — and that's pretty much how things played out. A standstill agreement, where Elliott promised to hold off on further bids for the company, was subsequently extended twice.Paul later said he worried that Karmanos wasn't telling him everything."You don't go meet Paul Singer, right, multibillionaire Paul Singer, just to tell him to be patient," Paul said. "So my antennas were up, trying to figure out whether we were about to engage in a holy war."The next explosion came just a day later — not from a Wall Street hedge fund, but an aggrieved spouse charging that Compuware had done her man wrong.Angry e-mail sets off fireworksDanialle Karmanos said she knew nothing of Compuware's cancellation of funding for her husband's retirement events she had helped plan until a vendor informed her May 13 in a preschool parking lot, where Karmanos was with her four young sons.She got very angry.Two days later, she sent a blistering e-mail to nine Compuware board members — and a few Detroit journalists."A particularly sinister and vile move," she called Compuware's withdrawal of funding for the fancy gala at City Airport. The invitations had already been sent to Gov. Snyder, Detroit's then-mayor Dave Bing and a host of corporate CEOs and other VIPs.She lashed out at CEO Paul and called him a "coward.""The community, employee and media perception is that Bob is threatened by Pete and sabotaged the events to recognize him as a leader," she wrote.Within hours, Danialle's e-mail was front-page news. It was also the hot conversation topic at a dinner that night for Compuware directors and top officers.Paul was "extremely upset" about the e-mail, said Laura Fournier, Compuware's chief financial officer at the time, adding, "Bob is hanging his head and going, 'I don't know how I can ever go forward because Pete's around.' "Other board members commiserated that a founder CEO like Karmanos should not be allowed to stay in the headquarters building.The next day, Paul for the first time put his allegation in writing to board members about Karmanos threatening to join Elliott in a proxy fight against Compuware. The e-mail was sent a few minutes before the board's regularly scheduled meeting.By then, Karmanos had already returned from New York.Amid the friction between Peter Karmanos and Paul, and the furor over Danialle Karmanos' now-public e-mail, the board issued Karmanos a written warning to behave and ordered him to vacate his office in the Compuware building.Scott Romney, who had been on Compuware's board since 1996, would later testify that the company's handling of the aborted Karmanos retirement events was "certainly an embarrassing situation for the Karmanos family and for all of us, me included."Vacate the officeTo this day, Karmanos insists that Compuware was wrong to cancel the retirement events."They would have accrued great benefit to the company. They would have helped transition all the relationships I had with different business leaders, politicians, journalists, over to Bob and the company. Those are valuable assets," Karmanos said in a recent interview.Karmanos said the parties had nothing to do with his own ego."I didn't need a party to reintroduce myself to people," he said, adding, "If I had one director that had a set of balls, it would have been nice of them to say, 'You know what? I don't give a damn what the optics look like, this is the guy that started the company, he's been here for 40 years and is retiring and we have an obligation to have this kind of event.' "A month after Karmanos was told to vacate his office at headquarters, Fournier was fired as chief financial officer. "Bob Paul asked me to leave because he didn't think that I could handle the change that was coming up in the company," she said.At the arbitration hearing 20 months after her dismissal, Fournier reflected on the office tension during the time when Paul and Karmanos were at odds."Bob Paul is very insecure," she said. "So that was why if I went to talk to Pete in any capacity, if I didn't run back and make sure Bob knew why I went into Pete's office, there would be backlash. Bob wanted to control the relationship with Pete. He was very insecure about it."So Karmanos was gone from the board of the company he founded, banished from his office in the Compuware headquarters he had built. But he was still on the company payroll, collecting a $600,000-a-year consulting fee.And he just couldn't resist one last rant.A Goodfellows rant the last straw?It came on Sept. 20, 2013, four months after Karmanos was tossed out of his office in the Compuware building.Karmanos was guest of honor at the Old Newsboys' Goodfellows Tribute Breakfast, where he received the Edward H. McNamara Goodfellow of the Year Award before an audience of several hundred business people.After the breakfast, in response to a reporter's question about Compuware, Karmanos said the company's management "needs to get their head out of their ass, all right, and understand they have more responsibility than playing some kind of silly game with some jerks in New York City."If he were still in charge, he "would tell the hedge fund to go f--- themselves."Buy Photo (Photo: Regina H. Boone, Detroit Free Press)Compuware's board and management, he added, were too focused on shareholders: "CEO means community, employees and then the owners."The comments, caught on tape, were reported and played by local media, including at Freep.com.At the time, Compuware was still a tense place. The latest standstill agreement with Elliott had just expired and board members were bracing for a possible proxy fight for control of the company.CEO Paul was outraged over Karmanos' latest barbs.He sent an angry e-mail to Bedi, the board chairman, and directors Grabe and Henderson, advocating cancellation of Karmanos' consulting contract."I believe this is the last straw and could be considered disparagement," Paul wrote, adding, "at some point the employees of this company need to see their new leader stand up to this buffoon."The Compuware board met Sept. 24 by telephone and, after 45 minutes of discussion, voted 9-1 to terminate Karmanos' $600,000-a-year contract, based chiefly on his disparagement of the company and its management.Dennis Archer, who was Detroit mayor when Karmanos decided to relocate Compuware from suburban Farmington Hills and build a new office tower downtown, was the lone dissenting vote.Ralph Szygenda, a board member who had previously been GM's chief information officer, asked if the board should explore giving Karmanos one more chance, a final warning, instead of terminating him. But no one aside from Archer bit on the idea, so Szygenda joined the majority vote to fire.Lee Roberts, one of the new board members who joined in 2013, said in an affidavit, "Pete is an embarrassment to himself, the company he built, and to this board and executives."And Scott Romney, a longtime Karmanos friend, also voted to terminate his contract, saying "Pete has become a tragic figure. Time for Compuware to go forward and grow."Unknown to some board members, their vote to terminate Karmanos' consulting contract also triggered the cancellation of $4.1 million worth of his vested options in company stock.Two months later, Karmanos sued Compuware, claiming it acted illegally in canceling the consulting job and stock options.Breakup and buyout by Thoma BravoCompuware's final chapter as a publicly owned stock company came last September with the announcement that it would sell itself for $2.4 billion to private equity firm Thoma Bravo.Paul said then that Compuware remained "firmly entrenched in Detroit," as he sought to reassure Detroit-based employees and anyone concerned about the possible loss of a major corporate citizen.When Thoma Bravo closed the deal in December, Paul bowed out with a $6.7-million golden parachute and about $13 million from his Compuware stock options.The deal was hailed by Elliott Management, still Compuware's largest shareholder, as investors voted overwhelmingly to approve the sale.Elliott's pressure had led to the replacement of six of Compuware's 11 board members, all Detroiters, during 2013 and early 2014. Archer and Scott Romney were gone by the time of the sale, along with Karmanos, Szygenda, former Marygrove College President Price and former Covisint CFO Jim Prowse.Worst fears realizedFor Compuware founder Karmanos, many of his worst fears have been realized. The old Compuware has been splintered apart, with hundreds of jobs eliminated or moved from Detroit.Once one of the region's highest-profile public companies, Compuware today is no longer represented on the boards of either the Business Leaders for Michigan CEO group or the Detroit Regional Chamber."If Compuware had not come to Detroit, Quicken Loans might never come down — and look what's happened since," said Starr, a former Compuware executive who managed the headquarters move downtown in the early 2000s. She was hired last fall by Mayor Mike Duggan to be Detroit's director of human resources."Pete was a visionary, a risk-taker, and I feel badly that he's never been recognized for all he did for the city," she said.In an interview last week, Paul said the outcome for Compuware's employees and shareholders would have been far worse if not for the steps he and his management team took to restructure, and ultimately sell, the company amid the intense pressure from activist investors."If we'd have left the business alone," Paul said, "far more jobs would have been lost, investors would have come out very poorly — and Detroit would have suffered." Compuware's business "was back on a positive trajectory," he said, and meeting or beating its profit targets for the last six quarters before the sale to Thoma Bravo.Carving up the companyIn 2012, when Elliott first bid to buy Compuware, the company had more than 4,500 employees, about 2,000 in Detroit.By February 2014, after selling three business units in a sale to Los Angeles private equity firm Marlin Equity Partners, Compuware was down to 3,200 employees with 1,200 in Detroit.One of those businesses was turned into a standalone firm called Lochbridge, which moved more than 200 workers out of Compuware headquarters to another Detroit building. Also departing was Covisint, that cloud-computing firm Compuware bought in 2004 and which went public in 2013. Covisint moved to Southfield last year and employs 217 workers there.What remained was split into two main pieces by Thoma Bravo. A growing "application performance management" (APM) group called Dynatrace is based in Massachusetts, but still has a portion of its workforce in Detroit.The mainframe business kept the Compuware name and remains headquartered in Detroit, occupying the fourth floor of the Compuware building.Chris O'Malley, CEO of today's Compuware, said it has increased both its order bookings and head count since the Thoma Bravo purchase but wouldn't reveal specific numbers."All the promises we made — we're going to hire, we're going to stay in Detroit — we've kept," he said, adding, "I've never met Mr. Karmanos, but I think if he could actually see what the mainframe business is doing, he'd be proud of it. And Bob Paul would, too."A smaller Detroit presenceLegal wrangling between Karmanos and Compuware could drag on for years. Compuware paid the $16.5-million arbitration award to Karmanos in June but apparently is poised to continue its appeal.Karmanos, after winning a litigation round in court this past spring, said it's not so much about the money — although he does plan to keep it.Meanwhile, Compuware has a much smaller philanthropic and civic presence under its new private equity owner, but it hasn't given up all its commitments to Detroit.Karmanos was an early proponent of the M-1 Rail streetcar line under construction on Woodward Avenue, along with Quicken founder Dan Gilbert and auto racing mogul Roger Penske.For donations of $3 million or more, the Detroit Three automakers, DTE Energy and other companies got naming rights to stops along the streetcar line. But Compuware, in austerity mode at the time, couldn't go that high.One of Paul's final acts as Compuware CEO was to sign off on a $1.5-million pledge over 10 years to M-1 Rail, which Thoma Bravo knew about. So Compuware and J.P. Morgan Chase, another $1.5-million donor, will split the naming rights to the Canfield stop, each taking a different side of Woodward.By coincidence, that $1.5 million of corporate money for M-1 Rail was the same amount that Paul once approved — and later withdrew — for the Peter Karmanos Jr. retirement parties.
            
                1177
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                71
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    74
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORERead or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1MPyiwEMitt RomneyKid Rock running for Senate? Don't bet on it
                        Brian McCollum
                    Trump's Michigan voters still support, defend him
                        Todd Spangler
                    Dave Trott reaps the Trump whirlwind
                        Brian Dickerson
                    Barack O-Berry and John McCream saved soda business
                        Josh Linkner
                    Kid Rock concerts will open Little Caesars Arena
                        Brian McCollum
                    Trump names Michigan's Ronna Romney McDaniel RNC chair
                        Todd Spangler
                    






Peter Karmanos Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






Peter Karmanos Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Peter Karmanos)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Peter Karmanos





Born
(1943-03-11) March 11, 1943 (age 74)
Detroit, Michigan


Occupation
Former CEO of Compuware Corporation


Known for
owner of the Carolina Hurricanes


Awards
Hockey Hall of Fame, 2015


Peter Karmanos Jr. (born March 11, 1943, in Detroit, Michigan)[1][2] is the majority owner and chief executive officer of the Carolina Hurricanes and Florida Everblades hockey franchises. He owned the Plymouth Whalers junior hockey club from its establishment in 1990 until 2015.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Hockey ventures
3 Personal life
4 References
5 External links



Early life[edit]
The oldest of three sons of a Greek immigrant family who owned a small restaurant in Detroit, Karmanos attended Henry Ford High School and graduated from Wayne State University in 1973.[3] Soon after leaving college he founded software company Compuware with two partners, Thomas Thewes and Allen Cutting.[4] Karmanos served as Compuware's CEO until June 20, 2011, when he became executive chairman.[5] Karmanos retired from Compuware on March 31, 2013, but maintained a consultant role within the company.[6] Compuware terminated his post-retirement consulting agreement, effective October 1, 2013.[7] He has since opened a new computer firm, Mad Dog Technology.[8]
Hockey ventures[edit]
Karmanos co-founded the Detroit Compuware Hockey organization in the late 1970s with Thewes. The organization includes all levels of hockey from recreational to AAA and Junior A. The Ontario Hockey League awarded an expansion franchise on December 11, 1989, to be known as the Detroit Compuware Ambassadors. The team later became the Detroit Junior Red Wings, Detroit Whalers and then Plymouth Whalers following a relocation to nearby Plymouth.[4] In 2015, Karmanos sold the Whalers to the owners of Flint's Perani Arena and Event Center, and the franchise was renamed Flint Firebirds.[9][10] He also sold the Plymouth arena to USA Hockey.[11]
Karmanos, his Compuware partner Thewes and former player Jim Rutherford purchased the Hartford Whalers in 1994, for $47.5 million. At the time, they had committed to keeping the team in Hartford for at least four years.[12][13] Connecticut's then-governor Lowell P. Weicker announced that Karmanos would be critical for the team to stay in Hartford. Weicker later became a member of the Compuware Board of Directors. Karmanos was unable to sell 11,000 season tickets in Hartford during the 1995–1996 NHL season and announced the team would leave Hartford before a new city had been found if the Whalers were unable to sell 11,000 season tickets for the 1996–1997 season.[14] Even though they surpassed 11,000 season tickets in 1996-97, the team was moved to Raleigh, North Carolina and renamed the Carolina Hurricanes following the 1996–1997 season. As a result, Karmanos is still reviled by many people in Connecticut.[15] The Hurricanes went on to win the Stanley Cup in 2006, with Karmanos eagerly donning his skates, hoisting the Cup, and skating around with it briefly after the game-7 win. For his day with the Cup, he brought it to Compuware HQ in Detroit, and allowed employees to get their photo taken individually with the Cup.[16]
Karmanos' Gale Force Holdings has a subsidiary dedicated to the NHL, Hurricanes Holdings, LLC, which includes the Hurricanes and their stadium, PNC Arena. The holdings also include the Hurricanes's ECHL affiliate Florida Everblades, along with stadium Germain Arena in Fort Myers, Florida.[16]
Karmanos received the Lester Patrick Trophy for outstanding service to hockey after the 1997–1998 season, the Bill Long Award in 2010 for services to the Ontario Hockey League, and was inducted to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.[4] He was inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame in the Builder Category in 2015.[17]
Karmanos also sponsors youth hockey programs in Michigan. Under his backing, Karmanos youth hockey teams have accumulated numerous state, national and international tournaments.
Personal life[edit]
Karmanos donated money to the Michigan Cancer Foundation, which was renamed the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in 1995 in memory of his first wife, Barbara Ann Karmanos, who died of breast cancer in 1989. In addition to three children with Barbara, Karmanos has four others with current wife Danialle, and nine grandchildren.[13]
References[edit]



^ [1]
^ Adams, Alan (2011). "100 People of Power and Influence". The Hockey News. 64: 18.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20130327/BLOG007/130329882/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-pete-karmanos-jr-who-retires-from
^ a b c Hurricanes' Karmanos a true hockey builder, NHL.com
^ Karmanos stepping down as Compuware Corp.'s CEO, June 7, 2011 
^ A golden parachute will gently carry Pete Karmanos into retirement, March 29, 2013 
^ Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, September 30, 2013 
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20140130/NEWS/140139975/peter-karmanos-starts-new-company-mad-dog-technology
^ McMann, Aaron (February 2, 2015). "It's official: Ontario Hockey League approves Plymouth Whalers' move to Flint". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved February 2, 2015. 
^ McMann, Aaron (March 16, 2015). "'Flint Firebirds' unveiled as name for Flint's new OHL team". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved March 16, 2015. 
^ USAH Foundation Completes Compuware Arena Purchase
^ Whalers Sold, to Stay in Hartford
^ a b Peter Karmanos Jr.: CEO / Owner / Governor
^ Hanley, Christine (April 10, 1996). "Hartford rally to save the Whale a so-so event". Boca Raton News. p. 1B. 
^ ESPN - Rating NHL moves: Past, present and future - NHL
^ a b Stanley Cup Journal - Peter Karmanos Jr.
^ Peter Karmanos Jr. - Builder Category



External links[edit]

Compuware Web Site
Carolina Hurricanes - Official NHL Web Site
Pete Karmanos' Personal Blog







v
t
e


Carolina Hurricanes






Formerly the New England/Hartford Whalers
Founded in 1972
Based in Raleigh, North Carolina





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Peter Karmanos Jr.
General manager
Ron Francis
Head coach
Bill Peters
Team captain
Vacant
Current roster





Arenas



Greensboro Coliseum
PNC Arena





Affiliates



AHL
Charlotte Checkers
ECHL
Florida Everblades





Media



Fox Sports South
ESPN The Fan (99.9 FM)
The Buzz (620 AM)





Culture and lore



Miracle at Molson
0.2 Seconds












v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)


















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Peter_Karmanos_Jr.&oldid=786001894"					
Categories: 1943 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of professional sports organizationsAmerican people of Greek descentAmerican philanthropistsCarolina Hurricanes executivesCass Technical High School alumniHartford Whalers executivesHockey Hall of Fame inducteesLester Patrick Trophy recipientsNational Hockey League executivesNational Hockey League ownersBusinesspeople from DetroitStanley Cup championsWayne State University alumniHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from February 2014BLP articles lacking sources from January 2008All BLP articles lacking sourcesPages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 17:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Peter Karmanos Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






Peter Karmanos Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Peter Karmanos)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Peter Karmanos





Born
(1943-03-11) March 11, 1943 (age 74)
Detroit, Michigan


Occupation
Former CEO of Compuware Corporation


Known for
owner of the Carolina Hurricanes


Awards
Hockey Hall of Fame, 2015


Peter Karmanos Jr. (born March 11, 1943, in Detroit, Michigan)[1][2] is the majority owner and chief executive officer of the Carolina Hurricanes and Florida Everblades hockey franchises. He owned the Plymouth Whalers junior hockey club from its establishment in 1990 until 2015.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Hockey ventures
3 Personal life
4 References
5 External links



Early life[edit]
The oldest of three sons of a Greek immigrant family who owned a small restaurant in Detroit, Karmanos attended Henry Ford High School and graduated from Wayne State University in 1973.[3] Soon after leaving college he founded software company Compuware with two partners, Thomas Thewes and Allen Cutting.[4] Karmanos served as Compuware's CEO until June 20, 2011, when he became executive chairman.[5] Karmanos retired from Compuware on March 31, 2013, but maintained a consultant role within the company.[6] Compuware terminated his post-retirement consulting agreement, effective October 1, 2013.[7] He has since opened a new computer firm, Mad Dog Technology.[8]
Hockey ventures[edit]
Karmanos co-founded the Detroit Compuware Hockey organization in the late 1970s with Thewes. The organization includes all levels of hockey from recreational to AAA and Junior A. The Ontario Hockey League awarded an expansion franchise on December 11, 1989, to be known as the Detroit Compuware Ambassadors. The team later became the Detroit Junior Red Wings, Detroit Whalers and then Plymouth Whalers following a relocation to nearby Plymouth.[4] In 2015, Karmanos sold the Whalers to the owners of Flint's Perani Arena and Event Center, and the franchise was renamed Flint Firebirds.[9][10] He also sold the Plymouth arena to USA Hockey.[11]
Karmanos, his Compuware partner Thewes and former player Jim Rutherford purchased the Hartford Whalers in 1994, for $47.5 million. At the time, they had committed to keeping the team in Hartford for at least four years.[12][13] Connecticut's then-governor Lowell P. Weicker announced that Karmanos would be critical for the team to stay in Hartford. Weicker later became a member of the Compuware Board of Directors. Karmanos was unable to sell 11,000 season tickets in Hartford during the 1995–1996 NHL season and announced the team would leave Hartford before a new city had been found if the Whalers were unable to sell 11,000 season tickets for the 1996–1997 season.[14] Even though they surpassed 11,000 season tickets in 1996-97, the team was moved to Raleigh, North Carolina and renamed the Carolina Hurricanes following the 1996–1997 season. As a result, Karmanos is still reviled by many people in Connecticut.[15] The Hurricanes went on to win the Stanley Cup in 2006, with Karmanos eagerly donning his skates, hoisting the Cup, and skating around with it briefly after the game-7 win. For his day with the Cup, he brought it to Compuware HQ in Detroit, and allowed employees to get their photo taken individually with the Cup.[16]
Karmanos' Gale Force Holdings has a subsidiary dedicated to the NHL, Hurricanes Holdings, LLC, which includes the Hurricanes and their stadium, PNC Arena. The holdings also include the Hurricanes's ECHL affiliate Florida Everblades, along with stadium Germain Arena in Fort Myers, Florida.[16]
Karmanos received the Lester Patrick Trophy for outstanding service to hockey after the 1997–1998 season, the Bill Long Award in 2010 for services to the Ontario Hockey League, and was inducted to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.[4] He was inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame in the Builder Category in 2015.[17]
Karmanos also sponsors youth hockey programs in Michigan. Under his backing, Karmanos youth hockey teams have accumulated numerous state, national and international tournaments.
Personal life[edit]
Karmanos donated money to the Michigan Cancer Foundation, which was renamed the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in 1995 in memory of his first wife, Barbara Ann Karmanos, who died of breast cancer in 1989. In addition to three children with Barbara, Karmanos has four others with current wife Danialle, and nine grandchildren.[13]
References[edit]



^ [1]
^ Adams, Alan (2011). "100 People of Power and Influence". The Hockey News. 64: 18.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20130327/BLOG007/130329882/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-pete-karmanos-jr-who-retires-from
^ a b c Hurricanes' Karmanos a true hockey builder, NHL.com
^ Karmanos stepping down as Compuware Corp.'s CEO, June 7, 2011 
^ A golden parachute will gently carry Pete Karmanos into retirement, March 29, 2013 
^ Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, September 30, 2013 
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20140130/NEWS/140139975/peter-karmanos-starts-new-company-mad-dog-technology
^ McMann, Aaron (February 2, 2015). "It's official: Ontario Hockey League approves Plymouth Whalers' move to Flint". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved February 2, 2015. 
^ McMann, Aaron (March 16, 2015). "'Flint Firebirds' unveiled as name for Flint's new OHL team". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved March 16, 2015. 
^ USAH Foundation Completes Compuware Arena Purchase
^ Whalers Sold, to Stay in Hartford
^ a b Peter Karmanos Jr.: CEO / Owner / Governor
^ Hanley, Christine (April 10, 1996). "Hartford rally to save the Whale a so-so event". Boca Raton News. p. 1B. 
^ ESPN - Rating NHL moves: Past, present and future - NHL
^ a b Stanley Cup Journal - Peter Karmanos Jr.
^ Peter Karmanos Jr. - Builder Category



External links[edit]

Compuware Web Site
Carolina Hurricanes - Official NHL Web Site
Pete Karmanos' Personal Blog







v
t
e


Carolina Hurricanes






Formerly the New England/Hartford Whalers
Founded in 1972
Based in Raleigh, North Carolina





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Peter Karmanos Jr.
General manager
Ron Francis
Head coach
Bill Peters
Team captain
Vacant
Current roster





Arenas



Greensboro Coliseum
PNC Arena





Affiliates



AHL
Charlotte Checkers
ECHL
Florida Everblades





Media



Fox Sports South
ESPN The Fan (99.9 FM)
The Buzz (620 AM)





Culture and lore



Miracle at Molson
0.2 Seconds












v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)


















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Peter_Karmanos_Jr.&oldid=786001894"					
Categories: 1943 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of professional sports organizationsAmerican people of Greek descentAmerican philanthropistsCarolina Hurricanes executivesCass Technical High School alumniHartford Whalers executivesHockey Hall of Fame inducteesLester Patrick Trophy recipientsNational Hockey League executivesNational Hockey League ownersBusinesspeople from DetroitStanley Cup championsWayne State University alumniHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from February 2014BLP articles lacking sources from January 2008All BLP articles lacking sourcesPages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 17:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Peter Karmanos Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






Peter Karmanos Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Peter Karmanos)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Peter Karmanos





Born
(1943-03-11) March 11, 1943 (age 74)
Detroit, Michigan


Occupation
Former CEO of Compuware Corporation


Known for
owner of the Carolina Hurricanes


Awards
Hockey Hall of Fame, 2015


Peter Karmanos Jr. (born March 11, 1943, in Detroit, Michigan)[1][2] is the majority owner and chief executive officer of the Carolina Hurricanes and Florida Everblades hockey franchises. He owned the Plymouth Whalers junior hockey club from its establishment in 1990 until 2015.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Hockey ventures
3 Personal life
4 References
5 External links



Early life[edit]
The oldest of three sons of a Greek immigrant family who owned a small restaurant in Detroit, Karmanos attended Henry Ford High School and graduated from Wayne State University in 1973.[3] Soon after leaving college he founded software company Compuware with two partners, Thomas Thewes and Allen Cutting.[4] Karmanos served as Compuware's CEO until June 20, 2011, when he became executive chairman.[5] Karmanos retired from Compuware on March 31, 2013, but maintained a consultant role within the company.[6] Compuware terminated his post-retirement consulting agreement, effective October 1, 2013.[7] He has since opened a new computer firm, Mad Dog Technology.[8]
Hockey ventures[edit]
Karmanos co-founded the Detroit Compuware Hockey organization in the late 1970s with Thewes. The organization includes all levels of hockey from recreational to AAA and Junior A. The Ontario Hockey League awarded an expansion franchise on December 11, 1989, to be known as the Detroit Compuware Ambassadors. The team later became the Detroit Junior Red Wings, Detroit Whalers and then Plymouth Whalers following a relocation to nearby Plymouth.[4] In 2015, Karmanos sold the Whalers to the owners of Flint's Perani Arena and Event Center, and the franchise was renamed Flint Firebirds.[9][10] He also sold the Plymouth arena to USA Hockey.[11]
Karmanos, his Compuware partner Thewes and former player Jim Rutherford purchased the Hartford Whalers in 1994, for $47.5 million. At the time, they had committed to keeping the team in Hartford for at least four years.[12][13] Connecticut's then-governor Lowell P. Weicker announced that Karmanos would be critical for the team to stay in Hartford. Weicker later became a member of the Compuware Board of Directors. Karmanos was unable to sell 11,000 season tickets in Hartford during the 1995–1996 NHL season and announced the team would leave Hartford before a new city had been found if the Whalers were unable to sell 11,000 season tickets for the 1996–1997 season.[14] Even though they surpassed 11,000 season tickets in 1996-97, the team was moved to Raleigh, North Carolina and renamed the Carolina Hurricanes following the 1996–1997 season. As a result, Karmanos is still reviled by many people in Connecticut.[15] The Hurricanes went on to win the Stanley Cup in 2006, with Karmanos eagerly donning his skates, hoisting the Cup, and skating around with it briefly after the game-7 win. For his day with the Cup, he brought it to Compuware HQ in Detroit, and allowed employees to get their photo taken individually with the Cup.[16]
Karmanos' Gale Force Holdings has a subsidiary dedicated to the NHL, Hurricanes Holdings, LLC, which includes the Hurricanes and their stadium, PNC Arena. The holdings also include the Hurricanes's ECHL affiliate Florida Everblades, along with stadium Germain Arena in Fort Myers, Florida.[16]
Karmanos received the Lester Patrick Trophy for outstanding service to hockey after the 1997–1998 season, the Bill Long Award in 2010 for services to the Ontario Hockey League, and was inducted to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.[4] He was inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame in the Builder Category in 2015.[17]
Karmanos also sponsors youth hockey programs in Michigan. Under his backing, Karmanos youth hockey teams have accumulated numerous state, national and international tournaments.
Personal life[edit]
Karmanos donated money to the Michigan Cancer Foundation, which was renamed the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in 1995 in memory of his first wife, Barbara Ann Karmanos, who died of breast cancer in 1989. In addition to three children with Barbara, Karmanos has four others with current wife Danialle, and nine grandchildren.[13]
References[edit]



^ [1]
^ Adams, Alan (2011). "100 People of Power and Influence". The Hockey News. 64: 18.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20130327/BLOG007/130329882/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-pete-karmanos-jr-who-retires-from
^ a b c Hurricanes' Karmanos a true hockey builder, NHL.com
^ Karmanos stepping down as Compuware Corp.'s CEO, June 7, 2011 
^ A golden parachute will gently carry Pete Karmanos into retirement, March 29, 2013 
^ Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, September 30, 2013 
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20140130/NEWS/140139975/peter-karmanos-starts-new-company-mad-dog-technology
^ McMann, Aaron (February 2, 2015). "It's official: Ontario Hockey League approves Plymouth Whalers' move to Flint". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved February 2, 2015. 
^ McMann, Aaron (March 16, 2015). "'Flint Firebirds' unveiled as name for Flint's new OHL team". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved March 16, 2015. 
^ USAH Foundation Completes Compuware Arena Purchase
^ Whalers Sold, to Stay in Hartford
^ a b Peter Karmanos Jr.: CEO / Owner / Governor
^ Hanley, Christine (April 10, 1996). "Hartford rally to save the Whale a so-so event". Boca Raton News. p. 1B. 
^ ESPN - Rating NHL moves: Past, present and future - NHL
^ a b Stanley Cup Journal - Peter Karmanos Jr.
^ Peter Karmanos Jr. - Builder Category



External links[edit]

Compuware Web Site
Carolina Hurricanes - Official NHL Web Site
Pete Karmanos' Personal Blog







v
t
e


Carolina Hurricanes






Formerly the New England/Hartford Whalers
Founded in 1972
Based in Raleigh, North Carolina





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Peter Karmanos Jr.
General manager
Ron Francis
Head coach
Bill Peters
Team captain
Vacant
Current roster





Arenas



Greensboro Coliseum
PNC Arena





Affiliates



AHL
Charlotte Checkers
ECHL
Florida Everblades





Media



Fox Sports South
ESPN The Fan (99.9 FM)
The Buzz (620 AM)





Culture and lore



Miracle at Molson
0.2 Seconds












v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)


















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Peter_Karmanos_Jr.&oldid=786001894"					
Categories: 1943 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of professional sports organizationsAmerican people of Greek descentAmerican philanthropistsCarolina Hurricanes executivesCass Technical High School alumniHartford Whalers executivesHockey Hall of Fame inducteesLester Patrick Trophy recipientsNational Hockey League executivesNational Hockey League ownersBusinesspeople from DetroitStanley Cup championsWayne State University alumniHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from February 2014BLP articles lacking sources from January 2008All BLP articles lacking sourcesPages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 17:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Peter Karmanos Jr. - Wikipedia






















 






Peter Karmanos Jr.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Peter Karmanos)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (January 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Peter Karmanos





Born
(1943-03-11) March 11, 1943 (age 74)
Detroit, Michigan


Occupation
Former CEO of Compuware Corporation


Known for
owner of the Carolina Hurricanes


Awards
Hockey Hall of Fame, 2015


Peter Karmanos Jr. (born March 11, 1943, in Detroit, Michigan)[1][2] is the majority owner and chief executive officer of the Carolina Hurricanes and Florida Everblades hockey franchises. He owned the Plymouth Whalers junior hockey club from its establishment in 1990 until 2015.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Hockey ventures
3 Personal life
4 References
5 External links



Early life[edit]
The oldest of three sons of a Greek immigrant family who owned a small restaurant in Detroit, Karmanos attended Henry Ford High School and graduated from Wayne State University in 1973.[3] Soon after leaving college he founded software company Compuware with two partners, Thomas Thewes and Allen Cutting.[4] Karmanos served as Compuware's CEO until June 20, 2011, when he became executive chairman.[5] Karmanos retired from Compuware on March 31, 2013, but maintained a consultant role within the company.[6] Compuware terminated his post-retirement consulting agreement, effective October 1, 2013.[7] He has since opened a new computer firm, Mad Dog Technology.[8]
Hockey ventures[edit]
Karmanos co-founded the Detroit Compuware Hockey organization in the late 1970s with Thewes. The organization includes all levels of hockey from recreational to AAA and Junior A. The Ontario Hockey League awarded an expansion franchise on December 11, 1989, to be known as the Detroit Compuware Ambassadors. The team later became the Detroit Junior Red Wings, Detroit Whalers and then Plymouth Whalers following a relocation to nearby Plymouth.[4] In 2015, Karmanos sold the Whalers to the owners of Flint's Perani Arena and Event Center, and the franchise was renamed Flint Firebirds.[9][10] He also sold the Plymouth arena to USA Hockey.[11]
Karmanos, his Compuware partner Thewes and former player Jim Rutherford purchased the Hartford Whalers in 1994, for $47.5 million. At the time, they had committed to keeping the team in Hartford for at least four years.[12][13] Connecticut's then-governor Lowell P. Weicker announced that Karmanos would be critical for the team to stay in Hartford. Weicker later became a member of the Compuware Board of Directors. Karmanos was unable to sell 11,000 season tickets in Hartford during the 1995–1996 NHL season and announced the team would leave Hartford before a new city had been found if the Whalers were unable to sell 11,000 season tickets for the 1996–1997 season.[14] Even though they surpassed 11,000 season tickets in 1996-97, the team was moved to Raleigh, North Carolina and renamed the Carolina Hurricanes following the 1996–1997 season. As a result, Karmanos is still reviled by many people in Connecticut.[15] The Hurricanes went on to win the Stanley Cup in 2006, with Karmanos eagerly donning his skates, hoisting the Cup, and skating around with it briefly after the game-7 win. For his day with the Cup, he brought it to Compuware HQ in Detroit, and allowed employees to get their photo taken individually with the Cup.[16]
Karmanos' Gale Force Holdings has a subsidiary dedicated to the NHL, Hurricanes Holdings, LLC, which includes the Hurricanes and their stadium, PNC Arena. The holdings also include the Hurricanes's ECHL affiliate Florida Everblades, along with stadium Germain Arena in Fort Myers, Florida.[16]
Karmanos received the Lester Patrick Trophy for outstanding service to hockey after the 1997–1998 season, the Bill Long Award in 2010 for services to the Ontario Hockey League, and was inducted to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 2013.[4] He was inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame in the Builder Category in 2015.[17]
Karmanos also sponsors youth hockey programs in Michigan. Under his backing, Karmanos youth hockey teams have accumulated numerous state, national and international tournaments.
Personal life[edit]
Karmanos donated money to the Michigan Cancer Foundation, which was renamed the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in 1995 in memory of his first wife, Barbara Ann Karmanos, who died of breast cancer in 1989. In addition to three children with Barbara, Karmanos has four others with current wife Danialle, and nine grandchildren.[13]
References[edit]



^ [1]
^ Adams, Alan (2011). "100 People of Power and Influence". The Hockey News. 64: 18.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20130327/BLOG007/130329882/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-pete-karmanos-jr-who-retires-from
^ a b c Hurricanes' Karmanos a true hockey builder, NHL.com
^ Karmanos stepping down as Compuware Corp.'s CEO, June 7, 2011 
^ A golden parachute will gently carry Pete Karmanos into retirement, March 29, 2013 
^ Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, September 30, 2013 
^ http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20140130/NEWS/140139975/peter-karmanos-starts-new-company-mad-dog-technology
^ McMann, Aaron (February 2, 2015). "It's official: Ontario Hockey League approves Plymouth Whalers' move to Flint". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved February 2, 2015. 
^ McMann, Aaron (March 16, 2015). "'Flint Firebirds' unveiled as name for Flint's new OHL team". MLive.com. The Flint Journal. Retrieved March 16, 2015. 
^ USAH Foundation Completes Compuware Arena Purchase
^ Whalers Sold, to Stay in Hartford
^ a b Peter Karmanos Jr.: CEO / Owner / Governor
^ Hanley, Christine (April 10, 1996). "Hartford rally to save the Whale a so-so event". Boca Raton News. p. 1B. 
^ ESPN - Rating NHL moves: Past, present and future - NHL
^ a b Stanley Cup Journal - Peter Karmanos Jr.
^ Peter Karmanos Jr. - Builder Category



External links[edit]

Compuware Web Site
Carolina Hurricanes - Official NHL Web Site
Pete Karmanos' Personal Blog







v
t
e


Carolina Hurricanes






Formerly the New England/Hartford Whalers
Founded in 1972
Based in Raleigh, North Carolina





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Peter Karmanos Jr.
General manager
Ron Francis
Head coach
Bill Peters
Team captain
Vacant
Current roster





Arenas



Greensboro Coliseum
PNC Arena





Affiliates



AHL
Charlotte Checkers
ECHL
Florida Everblades





Media



Fox Sports South
ESPN The Fan (99.9 FM)
The Buzz (620 AM)





Culture and lore



Miracle at Molson
0.2 Seconds












v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)


















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Peter_Karmanos_Jr.&oldid=786001894"					
Categories: 1943 birthsLiving peopleAmerican chief executives of professional sports organizationsAmerican people of Greek descentAmerican philanthropistsCarolina Hurricanes executivesCass Technical High School alumniHartford Whalers executivesHockey Hall of Fame inducteesLester Patrick Trophy recipientsNational Hockey League executivesNational Hockey League ownersBusinesspeople from DetroitStanley Cup championsWayne State University alumniHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from February 2014BLP articles lacking sources from January 2008All BLP articles lacking sourcesPages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 17:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Compuware - Wikipedia






















 






Compuware

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (August 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compuware Corporation





Type

Private company


Industry
Information technology


Founded
1973


Founder
Peter Karmanos, Jr.
Thomas Thewes
Allen B. Cutting


Headquarters
The Compuware Building
Detroit, Michigan, U.S



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Chris O'Malley
(CEO)


Products
Enterprise software


Services
IT services


Website
Compuware.com


Compuware Corporation is an American software company with products aimed at the information technology (IT) departments of large businesses. The company's services also include testing, development, automation, and performance management software for programs running on mainframe computer systems. The company has its headquarters in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.[1]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo and became a privately held company.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Inception and early years
1.2 1980s
1.3 1990s
1.4 2000s
1.5 2010s
1.6 Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization
1.7 Post-acquisition

1.7.1 Agile DevOps Practices


1.8 Integrations and Partnerships
1.9 Acquisitions


2 Locations
3 Products
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Inception and early years[edit]
In 1973, Peter Karmanos, Jr., Thomas Thewes, and Allen B. Cutting established Compuware Corporation. Their vision was to help people do things with computers by providing their clients with professional technical services, allowing them to focus on their own core businesses. In 1977, Compuware introduced Abend-AID, its first software product. Designed to detect bugs and suggest corrective action in corporate IBM mainframe systems. The release of Abend-AID established a product strategy for Compuware, alleviating the peaks and valleys of revenue that occur in the services business. By 1978, Compuware opened its first remote office to service the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore area.
1980s[edit]
Compuware launched its File-AID product line. Using a request-driven interface, File-AID products help programmers and developers quickly and easily find, create, extract, transfer, fix, convert, load, edit, age, and compare data. This allows developers to focus on developing and maintaining applications that meet business needs. Compuware also announced Playback, the company's first automated testing tool. Later, Compuware moved from its Southfield location to a new corporate headquarters in Farmington Hills, Michigan. Compuware also acquired its first European subsidiaries during the 1980s. Compuware launched Powerbase with Datazoom, a very user-friendly, non-programmable, relational database for MS-DOS through Compuware/Power-base Systems, Inc.[1]
1990s[edit]
Throughout the 1990s, Compuware acquired several companies, building their position in the marketplace, including Centura Software, XA Systems, EcoSystems Software, Uniface development environment, Hiperstation, Coronet, Direct Technology Limited, DRD Promark, Inc, NuMega, Data Processing Resources Corporation, Programart, and the CACI Products Company.
In 1992, Compuware completed its initial public offering (IPO) of stock trading on the NASDAQ under the symbol CPWR. In 1994, Compuware commenced a secondary public offering to raise cash, and named Joseph A. Nathan President and Chief Operating Officer. By April 1998, Compuware had more than $800 million in sales.[2] At the end of 1998, Compuware surpassed the US$1 billion revenue mark. In 1999, the number of Compuware employees grew considerably, prompting the company to build a new headquarters building in Campus Martius Park in Detroit, Michigan.
2000s[edit]
Since 2000, Compuware has acquired e-business services firms BlairLake, Inc., Nomex, Inc., Covisint, LLC,[3] Adlex, Inc.,[4] SteelTrace,[5] Changepoint,[6] Proxima Technology's Centauri Business Service Manager. In 2003, the company's 30th year of existence, Compuware completed construction on its new world headquarters building in downtown Detroit. On November 9, 2009 Compuware acquired Gomez, Inc. for its application performance management software.[7]
2010s[edit]
On July 6, 2011, Compuware acquired dynaTrace software.[8] On September 25, 2013 Compuware subsidiary Covisint announced pricing of Initial Public Offering.[9] On January 8, 2014 Compuware announced the planned divestiture of its Changepoint, Professional Services, and Uniface divisions to Marlin Equity Partners for $160 million.[10] Compuware completed a spin-off of Covisint on October 31, 2014.[11]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC.
Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization[edit]
On September 2, 2014 Compuware and private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC, jointly announced that Compuware had entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Thoma Bravo for approximately $2.5 billion.[12] After finalizing the deal in December 2014, plans were announced to separate Compuware's remaining Mainframe and Application Performance Management (APM) business units into two distinct companies. The mainframe business unit retains the Compuware name and is exclusively focused on mainframe software. Christopher O'Malley is the current CEO. Compuware's former APM business operates independently under the new Dynatrace name with John Van Siclen operating as CEO.
As a result of the privatization, Compuware stock is no longer listed on the NASDAQ.
Post-acquisition[edit]
Agile DevOps Practices[edit]
Beginning in 2014, around the time of Thoma Bravo, LLC’s acquisition, Compuware began shifting from a Waterfall development methodology to Agile development. With the release of Compuware Topaz—a solution that allows developers, data architects and other IT professionals to discover, visualize and work with mainframe and non-mainframe data in a common, intuitive manner[13]—on January 5, 2015, Compuware has since released net-new mainframe software on a quarterly basis.
In an interview with Jim Probasco of Benzinga, Compuware CEO Chris O’Malley said the company had adopted a startup mentality and that he supported an “agenda of innovation where our strategy is, every quarter like clockwork, to introduce updates to the existing base of technology as well as bringing out net new products.”
“We’ve completely retooled development,” he added, “and gone from the traditional ‘waterfall’ model that usually has 12 to 18 month development cycles [...] (to one that is) quarterly with an ‘agile’ methodology.[14]”
By pursuing technology integrations and partnerships with companies focused on non-mainframe DevOps software, Compuware has allowed “CIOs to shift responsibility for mainframe applications to enterprise DevOps staff with mainstream skills using popular tools within today’s mainstream culture of agility and innovation.[15]” According to eWeek, “O’Malley said he believes that large enterprises that fail to bring Agile and DevOps best practices to their high-value COBOL applications will remain competitively disadvantaged against smaller, nimbler market disrupters.”
Integrations and Partnerships[edit]
Since being acquired by Thoma Bravo, LLC, Compuware has forged multiple integrations and partnerships.

AppDynamics
Atlassian JIRA
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Splunk
Syncsort
XebiaLabs
Atlassian JIRA
BMC
ConicIT
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Jenkins
SEA
SonarSource

Acquisitions[edit]
Compuware company has made the following acquisitions since going private:

ISPW in January 2016
Itgrations in October 2016
Standardware in December 2016
MVS Solutions in January 2017.

Locations[edit]




Compuware World Headquarters, One Campus Martius, Campus Martius Park, in Downtown Detroit


Compuware is a global company operating in North America, Australia, Europe, and Asia. The company's world headquarters are at One Campus Martius, Detroit, Michigan 48226.[16] Compuware moved its headquarters and 4,000 employees to Downtown Detroit in 2003.[17] Prior to the move, the headquarters were in Farmington Hills, Michigan.[18] In December 2014, Compuware announced that Bedrock Real Estate Services and Meridian Health jointly purchased the Compuware headquarters building.[19] Compuware still runs its global operations out of the building.
Products[edit]

File-AID - Mainframe-based file editor/manipulator
Abend-AID - Mainframe application failure resolution tool
Hiperstation - Mainframe automated testing and auditing tool
ISPW - Source Code Management and Deploy
Strobe - Mainframe application performance monitoring tool
Xpediter - Mainframe developer productivity tools
Test Data Privacy - Multi-platform creation of subsets of privatized test data from production data
Topaz - Data and Program Management capabilities with visualization in updated UI
COPE - IMS virtualization to deploy multiple virtual IMS development or testing environments
ThruPut Manager - Batch automation to balance batch workload

See also[edit]


Detroit portal
Companies portal



AppDynamics
Computer Associates
Compuware Arena
Detroit Compuware Ambassadors
One Campus Martius (Compuware World Headquarters)
Dynatrace
New Relic
Riverbed Technology

References[edit]


^ "Compuware World Headquarters". Emporis. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ William Patalon III (April 19, 1998), "The Year 2000 caper: Finding riches in glitches But unwary investors risk getting singed chasing fix-it stocks", Baltimore Sun, sec. Financial, p. 1F, retrieved January 9, 2013 
^ "Compuware Corporation Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Covisint". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-02-05. 
^ "Compuware Acquires Adlex to Strengthen Application Service Management Leadership". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2005-05-09. 
^ "Compuware Adds Business Requirements Management Through Acquisition of SteelTrace". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2006-08-04. 
^ "Compuware to Acquire IT Governance Market-Leader Changepoint, Further Optimize, Quantify, and Communicate IT Value". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-04-28. 
^ "Compuware Completes Acquisition of Gomez". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2009-11-09. 
^ "Compuware Acquires dynaTrace software" (PDF). Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2011-07-06. 
^ "Compuware Announces Pricing of Covisint Initial Public Offering". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2013-09-25. 
^ "Compuware Announces Strategic Divestitures, Completes Major Transformational Milestone". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-08. 
^ Covisint Spin-Off From Compuware Completed
^ "Thoma Bravo Completes Take-Private Acquisition of Compuware Corporation in $2.4b Deal". Thoma Bravo. Retrieved 2014-12-15. 
^ "IBM Systems Magazine - Topaz". www.ibmsystemsmag.com. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Probasco, Jim (1969-12-31). "Compuware Corporation (NASDAQ:CPWR) - Compuware's Chris O'Malley On The Company's New 'Startup Mentality'". Benzinga. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Compuware Pushes Mainframe Agile DevOps Practices". Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Directions to Compuware Headquarters." Compuware. Retrieved on November 2, 2009.
^ "Decade in review: Business." The Detroit News. December 31, 2009. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "United States/Canadian Compuware Offices." Compuware. May 8, 1999. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "Gilbert’s Bedrock, Meridian Health To Buy Compuware Building In Detroit" (PDF). Bedrock. Retrieved 17 November 2014. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Compuware.



Corporate site





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compuware&oldid=784639985"					
Categories: Companies based in DetroitSoftware companies based in MichiganComputer companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 1973Computer companiesPerformance managementHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from August 2014All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschFrançaisNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 June 2017, at 10:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Compuware - Wikipedia






















 






Compuware

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (August 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compuware Corporation





Type

Private company


Industry
Information technology


Founded
1973


Founder
Peter Karmanos, Jr.
Thomas Thewes
Allen B. Cutting


Headquarters
The Compuware Building
Detroit, Michigan, U.S



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Chris O'Malley
(CEO)


Products
Enterprise software


Services
IT services


Website
Compuware.com


Compuware Corporation is an American software company with products aimed at the information technology (IT) departments of large businesses. The company's services also include testing, development, automation, and performance management software for programs running on mainframe computer systems. The company has its headquarters in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.[1]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo and became a privately held company.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Inception and early years
1.2 1980s
1.3 1990s
1.4 2000s
1.5 2010s
1.6 Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization
1.7 Post-acquisition

1.7.1 Agile DevOps Practices


1.8 Integrations and Partnerships
1.9 Acquisitions


2 Locations
3 Products
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Inception and early years[edit]
In 1973, Peter Karmanos, Jr., Thomas Thewes, and Allen B. Cutting established Compuware Corporation. Their vision was to help people do things with computers by providing their clients with professional technical services, allowing them to focus on their own core businesses. In 1977, Compuware introduced Abend-AID, its first software product. Designed to detect bugs and suggest corrective action in corporate IBM mainframe systems. The release of Abend-AID established a product strategy for Compuware, alleviating the peaks and valleys of revenue that occur in the services business. By 1978, Compuware opened its first remote office to service the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore area.
1980s[edit]
Compuware launched its File-AID product line. Using a request-driven interface, File-AID products help programmers and developers quickly and easily find, create, extract, transfer, fix, convert, load, edit, age, and compare data. This allows developers to focus on developing and maintaining applications that meet business needs. Compuware also announced Playback, the company's first automated testing tool. Later, Compuware moved from its Southfield location to a new corporate headquarters in Farmington Hills, Michigan. Compuware also acquired its first European subsidiaries during the 1980s. Compuware launched Powerbase with Datazoom, a very user-friendly, non-programmable, relational database for MS-DOS through Compuware/Power-base Systems, Inc.[1]
1990s[edit]
Throughout the 1990s, Compuware acquired several companies, building their position in the marketplace, including Centura Software, XA Systems, EcoSystems Software, Uniface development environment, Hiperstation, Coronet, Direct Technology Limited, DRD Promark, Inc, NuMega, Data Processing Resources Corporation, Programart, and the CACI Products Company.
In 1992, Compuware completed its initial public offering (IPO) of stock trading on the NASDAQ under the symbol CPWR. In 1994, Compuware commenced a secondary public offering to raise cash, and named Joseph A. Nathan President and Chief Operating Officer. By April 1998, Compuware had more than $800 million in sales.[2] At the end of 1998, Compuware surpassed the US$1 billion revenue mark. In 1999, the number of Compuware employees grew considerably, prompting the company to build a new headquarters building in Campus Martius Park in Detroit, Michigan.
2000s[edit]
Since 2000, Compuware has acquired e-business services firms BlairLake, Inc., Nomex, Inc., Covisint, LLC,[3] Adlex, Inc.,[4] SteelTrace,[5] Changepoint,[6] Proxima Technology's Centauri Business Service Manager. In 2003, the company's 30th year of existence, Compuware completed construction on its new world headquarters building in downtown Detroit. On November 9, 2009 Compuware acquired Gomez, Inc. for its application performance management software.[7]
2010s[edit]
On July 6, 2011, Compuware acquired dynaTrace software.[8] On September 25, 2013 Compuware subsidiary Covisint announced pricing of Initial Public Offering.[9] On January 8, 2014 Compuware announced the planned divestiture of its Changepoint, Professional Services, and Uniface divisions to Marlin Equity Partners for $160 million.[10] Compuware completed a spin-off of Covisint on October 31, 2014.[11]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC.
Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization[edit]
On September 2, 2014 Compuware and private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC, jointly announced that Compuware had entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Thoma Bravo for approximately $2.5 billion.[12] After finalizing the deal in December 2014, plans were announced to separate Compuware's remaining Mainframe and Application Performance Management (APM) business units into two distinct companies. The mainframe business unit retains the Compuware name and is exclusively focused on mainframe software. Christopher O'Malley is the current CEO. Compuware's former APM business operates independently under the new Dynatrace name with John Van Siclen operating as CEO.
As a result of the privatization, Compuware stock is no longer listed on the NASDAQ.
Post-acquisition[edit]
Agile DevOps Practices[edit]
Beginning in 2014, around the time of Thoma Bravo, LLC’s acquisition, Compuware began shifting from a Waterfall development methodology to Agile development. With the release of Compuware Topaz—a solution that allows developers, data architects and other IT professionals to discover, visualize and work with mainframe and non-mainframe data in a common, intuitive manner[13]—on January 5, 2015, Compuware has since released net-new mainframe software on a quarterly basis.
In an interview with Jim Probasco of Benzinga, Compuware CEO Chris O’Malley said the company had adopted a startup mentality and that he supported an “agenda of innovation where our strategy is, every quarter like clockwork, to introduce updates to the existing base of technology as well as bringing out net new products.”
“We’ve completely retooled development,” he added, “and gone from the traditional ‘waterfall’ model that usually has 12 to 18 month development cycles [...] (to one that is) quarterly with an ‘agile’ methodology.[14]”
By pursuing technology integrations and partnerships with companies focused on non-mainframe DevOps software, Compuware has allowed “CIOs to shift responsibility for mainframe applications to enterprise DevOps staff with mainstream skills using popular tools within today’s mainstream culture of agility and innovation.[15]” According to eWeek, “O’Malley said he believes that large enterprises that fail to bring Agile and DevOps best practices to their high-value COBOL applications will remain competitively disadvantaged against smaller, nimbler market disrupters.”
Integrations and Partnerships[edit]
Since being acquired by Thoma Bravo, LLC, Compuware has forged multiple integrations and partnerships.

AppDynamics
Atlassian JIRA
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Splunk
Syncsort
XebiaLabs
Atlassian JIRA
BMC
ConicIT
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Jenkins
SEA
SonarSource

Acquisitions[edit]
Compuware company has made the following acquisitions since going private:

ISPW in January 2016
Itgrations in October 2016
Standardware in December 2016
MVS Solutions in January 2017.

Locations[edit]




Compuware World Headquarters, One Campus Martius, Campus Martius Park, in Downtown Detroit


Compuware is a global company operating in North America, Australia, Europe, and Asia. The company's world headquarters are at One Campus Martius, Detroit, Michigan 48226.[16] Compuware moved its headquarters and 4,000 employees to Downtown Detroit in 2003.[17] Prior to the move, the headquarters were in Farmington Hills, Michigan.[18] In December 2014, Compuware announced that Bedrock Real Estate Services and Meridian Health jointly purchased the Compuware headquarters building.[19] Compuware still runs its global operations out of the building.
Products[edit]

File-AID - Mainframe-based file editor/manipulator
Abend-AID - Mainframe application failure resolution tool
Hiperstation - Mainframe automated testing and auditing tool
ISPW - Source Code Management and Deploy
Strobe - Mainframe application performance monitoring tool
Xpediter - Mainframe developer productivity tools
Test Data Privacy - Multi-platform creation of subsets of privatized test data from production data
Topaz - Data and Program Management capabilities with visualization in updated UI
COPE - IMS virtualization to deploy multiple virtual IMS development or testing environments
ThruPut Manager - Batch automation to balance batch workload

See also[edit]


Detroit portal
Companies portal



AppDynamics
Computer Associates
Compuware Arena
Detroit Compuware Ambassadors
One Campus Martius (Compuware World Headquarters)
Dynatrace
New Relic
Riverbed Technology

References[edit]


^ "Compuware World Headquarters". Emporis. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ William Patalon III (April 19, 1998), "The Year 2000 caper: Finding riches in glitches But unwary investors risk getting singed chasing fix-it stocks", Baltimore Sun, sec. Financial, p. 1F, retrieved January 9, 2013 
^ "Compuware Corporation Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Covisint". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-02-05. 
^ "Compuware Acquires Adlex to Strengthen Application Service Management Leadership". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2005-05-09. 
^ "Compuware Adds Business Requirements Management Through Acquisition of SteelTrace". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2006-08-04. 
^ "Compuware to Acquire IT Governance Market-Leader Changepoint, Further Optimize, Quantify, and Communicate IT Value". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-04-28. 
^ "Compuware Completes Acquisition of Gomez". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2009-11-09. 
^ "Compuware Acquires dynaTrace software" (PDF). Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2011-07-06. 
^ "Compuware Announces Pricing of Covisint Initial Public Offering". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2013-09-25. 
^ "Compuware Announces Strategic Divestitures, Completes Major Transformational Milestone". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-08. 
^ Covisint Spin-Off From Compuware Completed
^ "Thoma Bravo Completes Take-Private Acquisition of Compuware Corporation in $2.4b Deal". Thoma Bravo. Retrieved 2014-12-15. 
^ "IBM Systems Magazine - Topaz". www.ibmsystemsmag.com. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Probasco, Jim (1969-12-31). "Compuware Corporation (NASDAQ:CPWR) - Compuware's Chris O'Malley On The Company's New 'Startup Mentality'". Benzinga. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Compuware Pushes Mainframe Agile DevOps Practices". Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Directions to Compuware Headquarters." Compuware. Retrieved on November 2, 2009.
^ "Decade in review: Business." The Detroit News. December 31, 2009. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "United States/Canadian Compuware Offices." Compuware. May 8, 1999. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "Gilbert’s Bedrock, Meridian Health To Buy Compuware Building In Detroit" (PDF). Bedrock. Retrieved 17 November 2014. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Compuware.



Corporate site





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compuware&oldid=784639985"					
Categories: Companies based in DetroitSoftware companies based in MichiganComputer companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 1973Computer companiesPerformance managementHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from August 2014All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschFrançaisNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 June 2017, at 10:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Compuware - Wikipedia






















 






Compuware

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (August 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compuware Corporation





Type

Private company


Industry
Information technology


Founded
1973


Founder
Peter Karmanos, Jr.
Thomas Thewes
Allen B. Cutting


Headquarters
The Compuware Building
Detroit, Michigan, U.S



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Chris O'Malley
(CEO)


Products
Enterprise software


Services
IT services


Website
Compuware.com


Compuware Corporation is an American software company with products aimed at the information technology (IT) departments of large businesses. The company's services also include testing, development, automation, and performance management software for programs running on mainframe computer systems. The company has its headquarters in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.[1]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo and became a privately held company.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Inception and early years
1.2 1980s
1.3 1990s
1.4 2000s
1.5 2010s
1.6 Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization
1.7 Post-acquisition

1.7.1 Agile DevOps Practices


1.8 Integrations and Partnerships
1.9 Acquisitions


2 Locations
3 Products
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Inception and early years[edit]
In 1973, Peter Karmanos, Jr., Thomas Thewes, and Allen B. Cutting established Compuware Corporation. Their vision was to help people do things with computers by providing their clients with professional technical services, allowing them to focus on their own core businesses. In 1977, Compuware introduced Abend-AID, its first software product. Designed to detect bugs and suggest corrective action in corporate IBM mainframe systems. The release of Abend-AID established a product strategy for Compuware, alleviating the peaks and valleys of revenue that occur in the services business. By 1978, Compuware opened its first remote office to service the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore area.
1980s[edit]
Compuware launched its File-AID product line. Using a request-driven interface, File-AID products help programmers and developers quickly and easily find, create, extract, transfer, fix, convert, load, edit, age, and compare data. This allows developers to focus on developing and maintaining applications that meet business needs. Compuware also announced Playback, the company's first automated testing tool. Later, Compuware moved from its Southfield location to a new corporate headquarters in Farmington Hills, Michigan. Compuware also acquired its first European subsidiaries during the 1980s. Compuware launched Powerbase with Datazoom, a very user-friendly, non-programmable, relational database for MS-DOS through Compuware/Power-base Systems, Inc.[1]
1990s[edit]
Throughout the 1990s, Compuware acquired several companies, building their position in the marketplace, including Centura Software, XA Systems, EcoSystems Software, Uniface development environment, Hiperstation, Coronet, Direct Technology Limited, DRD Promark, Inc, NuMega, Data Processing Resources Corporation, Programart, and the CACI Products Company.
In 1992, Compuware completed its initial public offering (IPO) of stock trading on the NASDAQ under the symbol CPWR. In 1994, Compuware commenced a secondary public offering to raise cash, and named Joseph A. Nathan President and Chief Operating Officer. By April 1998, Compuware had more than $800 million in sales.[2] At the end of 1998, Compuware surpassed the US$1 billion revenue mark. In 1999, the number of Compuware employees grew considerably, prompting the company to build a new headquarters building in Campus Martius Park in Detroit, Michigan.
2000s[edit]
Since 2000, Compuware has acquired e-business services firms BlairLake, Inc., Nomex, Inc., Covisint, LLC,[3] Adlex, Inc.,[4] SteelTrace,[5] Changepoint,[6] Proxima Technology's Centauri Business Service Manager. In 2003, the company's 30th year of existence, Compuware completed construction on its new world headquarters building in downtown Detroit. On November 9, 2009 Compuware acquired Gomez, Inc. for its application performance management software.[7]
2010s[edit]
On July 6, 2011, Compuware acquired dynaTrace software.[8] On September 25, 2013 Compuware subsidiary Covisint announced pricing of Initial Public Offering.[9] On January 8, 2014 Compuware announced the planned divestiture of its Changepoint, Professional Services, and Uniface divisions to Marlin Equity Partners for $160 million.[10] Compuware completed a spin-off of Covisint on October 31, 2014.[11]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC.
Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization[edit]
On September 2, 2014 Compuware and private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC, jointly announced that Compuware had entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Thoma Bravo for approximately $2.5 billion.[12] After finalizing the deal in December 2014, plans were announced to separate Compuware's remaining Mainframe and Application Performance Management (APM) business units into two distinct companies. The mainframe business unit retains the Compuware name and is exclusively focused on mainframe software. Christopher O'Malley is the current CEO. Compuware's former APM business operates independently under the new Dynatrace name with John Van Siclen operating as CEO.
As a result of the privatization, Compuware stock is no longer listed on the NASDAQ.
Post-acquisition[edit]
Agile DevOps Practices[edit]
Beginning in 2014, around the time of Thoma Bravo, LLC’s acquisition, Compuware began shifting from a Waterfall development methodology to Agile development. With the release of Compuware Topaz—a solution that allows developers, data architects and other IT professionals to discover, visualize and work with mainframe and non-mainframe data in a common, intuitive manner[13]—on January 5, 2015, Compuware has since released net-new mainframe software on a quarterly basis.
In an interview with Jim Probasco of Benzinga, Compuware CEO Chris O’Malley said the company had adopted a startup mentality and that he supported an “agenda of innovation where our strategy is, every quarter like clockwork, to introduce updates to the existing base of technology as well as bringing out net new products.”
“We’ve completely retooled development,” he added, “and gone from the traditional ‘waterfall’ model that usually has 12 to 18 month development cycles [...] (to one that is) quarterly with an ‘agile’ methodology.[14]”
By pursuing technology integrations and partnerships with companies focused on non-mainframe DevOps software, Compuware has allowed “CIOs to shift responsibility for mainframe applications to enterprise DevOps staff with mainstream skills using popular tools within today’s mainstream culture of agility and innovation.[15]” According to eWeek, “O’Malley said he believes that large enterprises that fail to bring Agile and DevOps best practices to their high-value COBOL applications will remain competitively disadvantaged against smaller, nimbler market disrupters.”
Integrations and Partnerships[edit]
Since being acquired by Thoma Bravo, LLC, Compuware has forged multiple integrations and partnerships.

AppDynamics
Atlassian JIRA
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Splunk
Syncsort
XebiaLabs
Atlassian JIRA
BMC
ConicIT
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Jenkins
SEA
SonarSource

Acquisitions[edit]
Compuware company has made the following acquisitions since going private:

ISPW in January 2016
Itgrations in October 2016
Standardware in December 2016
MVS Solutions in January 2017.

Locations[edit]




Compuware World Headquarters, One Campus Martius, Campus Martius Park, in Downtown Detroit


Compuware is a global company operating in North America, Australia, Europe, and Asia. The company's world headquarters are at One Campus Martius, Detroit, Michigan 48226.[16] Compuware moved its headquarters and 4,000 employees to Downtown Detroit in 2003.[17] Prior to the move, the headquarters were in Farmington Hills, Michigan.[18] In December 2014, Compuware announced that Bedrock Real Estate Services and Meridian Health jointly purchased the Compuware headquarters building.[19] Compuware still runs its global operations out of the building.
Products[edit]

File-AID - Mainframe-based file editor/manipulator
Abend-AID - Mainframe application failure resolution tool
Hiperstation - Mainframe automated testing and auditing tool
ISPW - Source Code Management and Deploy
Strobe - Mainframe application performance monitoring tool
Xpediter - Mainframe developer productivity tools
Test Data Privacy - Multi-platform creation of subsets of privatized test data from production data
Topaz - Data and Program Management capabilities with visualization in updated UI
COPE - IMS virtualization to deploy multiple virtual IMS development or testing environments
ThruPut Manager - Batch automation to balance batch workload

See also[edit]


Detroit portal
Companies portal



AppDynamics
Computer Associates
Compuware Arena
Detroit Compuware Ambassadors
One Campus Martius (Compuware World Headquarters)
Dynatrace
New Relic
Riverbed Technology

References[edit]


^ "Compuware World Headquarters". Emporis. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ William Patalon III (April 19, 1998), "The Year 2000 caper: Finding riches in glitches But unwary investors risk getting singed chasing fix-it stocks", Baltimore Sun, sec. Financial, p. 1F, retrieved January 9, 2013 
^ "Compuware Corporation Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Covisint". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-02-05. 
^ "Compuware Acquires Adlex to Strengthen Application Service Management Leadership". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2005-05-09. 
^ "Compuware Adds Business Requirements Management Through Acquisition of SteelTrace". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2006-08-04. 
^ "Compuware to Acquire IT Governance Market-Leader Changepoint, Further Optimize, Quantify, and Communicate IT Value". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-04-28. 
^ "Compuware Completes Acquisition of Gomez". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2009-11-09. 
^ "Compuware Acquires dynaTrace software" (PDF). Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2011-07-06. 
^ "Compuware Announces Pricing of Covisint Initial Public Offering". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2013-09-25. 
^ "Compuware Announces Strategic Divestitures, Completes Major Transformational Milestone". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-08. 
^ Covisint Spin-Off From Compuware Completed
^ "Thoma Bravo Completes Take-Private Acquisition of Compuware Corporation in $2.4b Deal". Thoma Bravo. Retrieved 2014-12-15. 
^ "IBM Systems Magazine - Topaz". www.ibmsystemsmag.com. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Probasco, Jim (1969-12-31). "Compuware Corporation (NASDAQ:CPWR) - Compuware's Chris O'Malley On The Company's New 'Startup Mentality'". Benzinga. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Compuware Pushes Mainframe Agile DevOps Practices". Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Directions to Compuware Headquarters." Compuware. Retrieved on November 2, 2009.
^ "Decade in review: Business." The Detroit News. December 31, 2009. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "United States/Canadian Compuware Offices." Compuware. May 8, 1999. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "Gilbert’s Bedrock, Meridian Health To Buy Compuware Building In Detroit" (PDF). Bedrock. Retrieved 17 November 2014. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Compuware.



Corporate site





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compuware&oldid=784639985"					
Categories: Companies based in DetroitSoftware companies based in MichiganComputer companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 1973Computer companiesPerformance managementHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from August 2014All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschFrançaisNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 June 2017, at 10:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Compuware - Wikipedia






















 






Compuware

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (August 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Compuware Corporation





Type

Private company


Industry
Information technology


Founded
1973


Founder
Peter Karmanos, Jr.
Thomas Thewes
Allen B. Cutting


Headquarters
The Compuware Building
Detroit, Michigan, U.S



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Chris O'Malley
(CEO)


Products
Enterprise software


Services
IT services


Website
Compuware.com


Compuware Corporation is an American software company with products aimed at the information technology (IT) departments of large businesses. The company's services also include testing, development, automation, and performance management software for programs running on mainframe computer systems. The company has its headquarters in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.[1]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo and became a privately held company.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Inception and early years
1.2 1980s
1.3 1990s
1.4 2000s
1.5 2010s
1.6 Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization
1.7 Post-acquisition

1.7.1 Agile DevOps Practices


1.8 Integrations and Partnerships
1.9 Acquisitions


2 Locations
3 Products
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Inception and early years[edit]
In 1973, Peter Karmanos, Jr., Thomas Thewes, and Allen B. Cutting established Compuware Corporation. Their vision was to help people do things with computers by providing their clients with professional technical services, allowing them to focus on their own core businesses. In 1977, Compuware introduced Abend-AID, its first software product. Designed to detect bugs and suggest corrective action in corporate IBM mainframe systems. The release of Abend-AID established a product strategy for Compuware, alleviating the peaks and valleys of revenue that occur in the services business. By 1978, Compuware opened its first remote office to service the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore area.
1980s[edit]
Compuware launched its File-AID product line. Using a request-driven interface, File-AID products help programmers and developers quickly and easily find, create, extract, transfer, fix, convert, load, edit, age, and compare data. This allows developers to focus on developing and maintaining applications that meet business needs. Compuware also announced Playback, the company's first automated testing tool. Later, Compuware moved from its Southfield location to a new corporate headquarters in Farmington Hills, Michigan. Compuware also acquired its first European subsidiaries during the 1980s. Compuware launched Powerbase with Datazoom, a very user-friendly, non-programmable, relational database for MS-DOS through Compuware/Power-base Systems, Inc.[1]
1990s[edit]
Throughout the 1990s, Compuware acquired several companies, building their position in the marketplace, including Centura Software, XA Systems, EcoSystems Software, Uniface development environment, Hiperstation, Coronet, Direct Technology Limited, DRD Promark, Inc, NuMega, Data Processing Resources Corporation, Programart, and the CACI Products Company.
In 1992, Compuware completed its initial public offering (IPO) of stock trading on the NASDAQ under the symbol CPWR. In 1994, Compuware commenced a secondary public offering to raise cash, and named Joseph A. Nathan President and Chief Operating Officer. By April 1998, Compuware had more than $800 million in sales.[2] At the end of 1998, Compuware surpassed the US$1 billion revenue mark. In 1999, the number of Compuware employees grew considerably, prompting the company to build a new headquarters building in Campus Martius Park in Detroit, Michigan.
2000s[edit]
Since 2000, Compuware has acquired e-business services firms BlairLake, Inc., Nomex, Inc., Covisint, LLC,[3] Adlex, Inc.,[4] SteelTrace,[5] Changepoint,[6] Proxima Technology's Centauri Business Service Manager. In 2003, the company's 30th year of existence, Compuware completed construction on its new world headquarters building in downtown Detroit. On November 9, 2009 Compuware acquired Gomez, Inc. for its application performance management software.[7]
2010s[edit]
On July 6, 2011, Compuware acquired dynaTrace software.[8] On September 25, 2013 Compuware subsidiary Covisint announced pricing of Initial Public Offering.[9] On January 8, 2014 Compuware announced the planned divestiture of its Changepoint, Professional Services, and Uniface divisions to Marlin Equity Partners for $160 million.[10] Compuware completed a spin-off of Covisint on October 31, 2014.[11]
In December 2014, Compuware was acquired by private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC.
Thoma Bravo Acquisition and Privatization[edit]
On September 2, 2014 Compuware and private equity firm Thoma Bravo, LLC, jointly announced that Compuware had entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Thoma Bravo for approximately $2.5 billion.[12] After finalizing the deal in December 2014, plans were announced to separate Compuware's remaining Mainframe and Application Performance Management (APM) business units into two distinct companies. The mainframe business unit retains the Compuware name and is exclusively focused on mainframe software. Christopher O'Malley is the current CEO. Compuware's former APM business operates independently under the new Dynatrace name with John Van Siclen operating as CEO.
As a result of the privatization, Compuware stock is no longer listed on the NASDAQ.
Post-acquisition[edit]
Agile DevOps Practices[edit]
Beginning in 2014, around the time of Thoma Bravo, LLC’s acquisition, Compuware began shifting from a Waterfall development methodology to Agile development. With the release of Compuware Topaz—a solution that allows developers, data architects and other IT professionals to discover, visualize and work with mainframe and non-mainframe data in a common, intuitive manner[13]—on January 5, 2015, Compuware has since released net-new mainframe software on a quarterly basis.
In an interview with Jim Probasco of Benzinga, Compuware CEO Chris O’Malley said the company had adopted a startup mentality and that he supported an “agenda of innovation where our strategy is, every quarter like clockwork, to introduce updates to the existing base of technology as well as bringing out net new products.”
“We’ve completely retooled development,” he added, “and gone from the traditional ‘waterfall’ model that usually has 12 to 18 month development cycles [...] (to one that is) quarterly with an ‘agile’ methodology.[14]”
By pursuing technology integrations and partnerships with companies focused on non-mainframe DevOps software, Compuware has allowed “CIOs to shift responsibility for mainframe applications to enterprise DevOps staff with mainstream skills using popular tools within today’s mainstream culture of agility and innovation.[15]” According to eWeek, “O’Malley said he believes that large enterprises that fail to bring Agile and DevOps best practices to their high-value COBOL applications will remain competitively disadvantaged against smaller, nimbler market disrupters.”
Integrations and Partnerships[edit]
Since being acquired by Thoma Bravo, LLC, Compuware has forged multiple integrations and partnerships.

AppDynamics
Atlassian JIRA
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Splunk
Syncsort
XebiaLabs
Atlassian JIRA
BMC
ConicIT
CorreLog
Dynatrace
Jenkins
SEA
SonarSource

Acquisitions[edit]
Compuware company has made the following acquisitions since going private:

ISPW in January 2016
Itgrations in October 2016
Standardware in December 2016
MVS Solutions in January 2017.

Locations[edit]




Compuware World Headquarters, One Campus Martius, Campus Martius Park, in Downtown Detroit


Compuware is a global company operating in North America, Australia, Europe, and Asia. The company's world headquarters are at One Campus Martius, Detroit, Michigan 48226.[16] Compuware moved its headquarters and 4,000 employees to Downtown Detroit in 2003.[17] Prior to the move, the headquarters were in Farmington Hills, Michigan.[18] In December 2014, Compuware announced that Bedrock Real Estate Services and Meridian Health jointly purchased the Compuware headquarters building.[19] Compuware still runs its global operations out of the building.
Products[edit]

File-AID - Mainframe-based file editor/manipulator
Abend-AID - Mainframe application failure resolution tool
Hiperstation - Mainframe automated testing and auditing tool
ISPW - Source Code Management and Deploy
Strobe - Mainframe application performance monitoring tool
Xpediter - Mainframe developer productivity tools
Test Data Privacy - Multi-platform creation of subsets of privatized test data from production data
Topaz - Data and Program Management capabilities with visualization in updated UI
COPE - IMS virtualization to deploy multiple virtual IMS development or testing environments
ThruPut Manager - Batch automation to balance batch workload

See also[edit]


Detroit portal
Companies portal



AppDynamics
Computer Associates
Compuware Arena
Detroit Compuware Ambassadors
One Campus Martius (Compuware World Headquarters)
Dynatrace
New Relic
Riverbed Technology

References[edit]


^ "Compuware World Headquarters". Emporis. Retrieved 12 March 2013. 
^ William Patalon III (April 19, 1998), "The Year 2000 caper: Finding riches in glitches But unwary investors risk getting singed chasing fix-it stocks", Baltimore Sun, sec. Financial, p. 1F, retrieved January 9, 2013 
^ "Compuware Corporation Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Covisint". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-02-05. 
^ "Compuware Acquires Adlex to Strengthen Application Service Management Leadership". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2005-05-09. 
^ "Compuware Adds Business Requirements Management Through Acquisition of SteelTrace". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2006-08-04. 
^ "Compuware to Acquire IT Governance Market-Leader Changepoint, Further Optimize, Quantify, and Communicate IT Value". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2004-04-28. 
^ "Compuware Completes Acquisition of Gomez". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2009-11-09. 
^ "Compuware Acquires dynaTrace software" (PDF). Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2011-07-06. 
^ "Compuware Announces Pricing of Covisint Initial Public Offering". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2013-09-25. 
^ "Compuware Announces Strategic Divestitures, Completes Major Transformational Milestone". Compuware Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-08. 
^ Covisint Spin-Off From Compuware Completed
^ "Thoma Bravo Completes Take-Private Acquisition of Compuware Corporation in $2.4b Deal". Thoma Bravo. Retrieved 2014-12-15. 
^ "IBM Systems Magazine - Topaz". www.ibmsystemsmag.com. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ Probasco, Jim (1969-12-31). "Compuware Corporation (NASDAQ:CPWR) - Compuware's Chris O'Malley On The Company's New 'Startup Mentality'". Benzinga. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Compuware Pushes Mainframe Agile DevOps Practices". Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Directions to Compuware Headquarters." Compuware. Retrieved on November 2, 2009.
^ "Decade in review: Business." The Detroit News. December 31, 2009. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "United States/Canadian Compuware Offices." Compuware. May 8, 1999. Retrieved on January 7, 2010.
^ "Gilbert’s Bedrock, Meridian Health To Buy Compuware Building In Detroit" (PDF). Bedrock. Retrieved 17 November 2014. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Compuware.



Corporate site





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Compuware&oldid=784639985"					
Categories: Companies based in DetroitSoftware companies based in MichiganComputer companies of the United StatesCompanies established in 1973Computer companiesPerformance managementHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from August 2014All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


ČeštinaDeutschFrançaisNederlands 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 9 June 2017, at 10:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Hurricanes: Owner Karmanos considers offer to sell team







































About AP
Contact Us 
Get AP Mobile 
Help 






























                                                    News Archive
                                                
BETA




























 
                                                            Text 


More  

LinkedIn

                                                                        Digg

                                                                        REddit

                                                                        Del.icio.us

                                                                        StumbleUpon
Yahoo
AIM
Email












                                                                Tweet












 

Hurricanes: Owner Karmanos considers offer to sell team

                                                        By JOEDY McCREARY , Associated Press 

Jul. 13, 2017 6:08 PM ET
 RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Carolina Hurricanes owner Peter Karmanos Jr. is considering selling the NHL team.






Karl B DeBlaker
FILE - In this Feb. 13, 2016, file photo, Carolina Hurricanes broadcaster John Forslund greets Hurricanes owner Peter Karmanos Jr., right, before the teams' NHL hockey game against the New York Islanders in Raleigh, N.C. Karmanos is considering an offer from someone who wants to purchase the team. Spokesman Mike Sundheim said in a statement attributed to the team that Karmanos “also will continue to evaluate his other options, including retaining his ownership of the team.” (AP Photo/Karl B DeBlaker, File)

APImages.com More photos »











FILE - In this Feb. 13, 2016, file photo, Carolina Hurricanes broadcaster John Forslund greets Hurricanes owner Peter Karmanos Jr., right, before the teams' NHL hockey game against the New York Islanders in Raleigh, N.C. Karmanos is considering an offer from someone who wants to purchase the team. Spokesman Mike Sundheim said in a statement attributed to the team that Karmanos “also will continue to evaluate his other options, including retaining his ownership of the team.” (AP Photo/Karl B DeBlaker, File)

1 of 1 APImages.com







Hurricanes spokesman Mike Sundheim said in a statement that Karmanos is deciding whether to accept an offer for the franchise or remain the owner, but he declined to say who made the offer.The offer could have come from former Texas Rangers CEO Chuck Greenberg. Bloomberg News and WRAL-TV, the NBC affiliate in Raleigh, reported that Greenberg is close to purchasing the team and will not move the Hurricanes. Bloomberg reported the sale price at roughly $500 million.Karmanos bought the Hartford Whalers franchise in 1994 and moved it to North Carolina three years later. He had been publicly seeking a local buyer for at least three years.Greenberg is the Rangers' former managing partner who spent seven months as their CEO before leaving in 2011. He also owns several minor-league baseball teams, including one in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.Greenberg did not return a phone call and a text message seeking comment. Seven of the team's 12 publicly identified minority investors contacted by The Associated Press either declined comment or did not respond to phone calls and emails seeking comment.Reports about possible relocation have plagued the Hurricanes even as team officials and even Commissioner Gary Bettman have persistently and repeatedly denied them. Bettman said at the All-Star game in January that "the club is not moving" and NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly echoed that sentiment by saying the league is committed to Raleigh in the same manner it has stuck with Phoenix during years of struggles for the Coyotes.Karmanos in 2015 said "we'd have to be idiots to move from here," largely because of the team's PNC Arena lease, which extends through 2024 and is considered one of the most team-friendly in the league.In its most recent franchise valuations, Forbes magazine ranked the Hurricanes last in the NHL at $230 million. Bill Foley paid a $500 million expansion fee to the league to bring the Golden Knights to Las Vegas.The team also ranked last in the league in attendance for the second year in a row in 2016-17, drawing an average of just 11,776 fans to their 18,680-seat home arena and filling it to just 63 percent capacity — their lowest per-game average since they moved into the building for the 1999-2000 season. They averaged just 12,204 at home the year before.The best way to improve those numbers, of course, is with a winning team — and it's been a while since Carolina had one.The 2006 Stanley Cup champions have made the postseason only once (2009) since the club captured its lone title. They have the longest playoff drought in the NHL at eight years.Carolina has had a busy offseason, picking up goalie Scott Darling in a trade with Chicago, bringing back free-agent forward Justin Williams with a two-year deal worth $9 million and most recently signing young defenseman Jaccob Slavin to a seven-year contract extension that will keep him with the team through the 2024-25 season.___More AP NHL: www.apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey



© 
                                                             The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published,
                                                            broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and 
                                                                    Terms of Use.
                                                    

Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. [GOOGLEANALYTICS]
                                            











































About Us
The Associated Press


Products
AP Images



















©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use












Email This Article






                    Name:
                




                     
                



                    From:
                




                     
                





                    To:
                




                     
                



                    Subject:
                




                     
                








                     
                





Jul. 13, 2017 6:08 PM ET


                     
                






RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Carolina Hurricanes owner Peter Karmanos Jr. is considering selling the NHL team.



                     
                






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















