

	Karpas Strategies, LLC's Website






































	Karpas Strategies, LLC's Website














      






 














 
HOME 






 
CONTACT US 



























What Makes Us Different








Our Strategy








Meet Matthew Karpas








SEC Filings








Facts and FAQ








Contact Us








Location


















Key Facts About Karpas Strategies


Years in business: Established January 1994
Assets Under Management:  $275 million (as of 02/28/2017)
Investment style:  Fundamental value analysis

Minimum account size:  $1 million
Management fees: A management fee is charged based upon a percentage of the value of the assets under management.  The fee is an annual percentage fee, and is billed quarterly by taking the value of the managed assets at the end of each calendar quarter and applying one-fourth of the annual percentage fee.  Annual fees are currently 1% of assets under management (AUM) up to $5 million, 0.75% of AUM on amounts greater than $5 million up to $15 million, and .50% for AUM above $15 million (of which the first $15 million will be charged 0.75% of AUM).  There is a minimum annual fee of $10,000.  Karpas Strategies does not receive commissions on transactions and does not accept other forms of compensation from investment product providers or financial institutions.

Client profile:  Karpas Strategies' clients are diverse, located across the country, with a broad range of backgrounds, ages, and objectives.  The majority of clients are high net worth individuals, families, and trusts.  Karpas Strategies also provides investment management services to businesses and foundations. 

Average portfolio turnover: Turnover varies by portfolio but Karpas Strategies' buy and hold investment style has resulted in very low portfolio turnover for clients through the years.

Performance in down markets: Investors typically seek the safety of less risky value stocks during down markets. 
View of stock price volatility:  While a portfolio’s short-term results may appear more volatile than the S&P 500, Karpas Strategies does not view volatility as a negative.  Often, a stock's volatility provides an opportunity to acquire companies at a discount to their true value.  Karpas Strategies is more focused on how companies perform over a 3 to 5 year period. 
Sell discipline:  Stocks may be sold for a variety of reasons.  First, they may be sold if their market prices exceed what Karpas Strategies feels their intrinsic value is based upon underlying fundamentals.  Second, they may be sold when a company or industry's fundamentals deteriorate.  Third, they may be sold if the company’s financials have been impaired or Karpas Strategies has lost faith in management.  Finally, a stock may be sold if the position in the portfolio becomes inappropriately over-weighted. 
Becoming fully invested: It may take the better part of a year to become fully invested, depending on opportunities and market conditions. 
Tax planning: Karpas Strategies carefully considers clients’ tax liabilities when managing their portfolios and works closely with clients year round to mitigate tax liabilities. 
Will you charge extra to consult with my tax advisor, insurance provider, or estate-planning attorney?  No. Consultations are offered as part of the normal management fee.  Karpas Strategies welcomes the opportunity to work with any professional that a client has engaged.  Karpas Strategies is also happy to provide referrals to professionals that can assist clients. 

Will I be able to view my account online?  Yes  

How do I get started?  Call us at 1-212-223-7280 to discuss your needs or click here to contact us by email.  (Please include your name, email address, and daytime telephone number in your email.)  We will be happy to answer any questions regarding how we might work with you to meet your particular investment goals.    
 

©2009 Karpas Strategies, 
LLC Important Disclosure Information   Disclaimer   Privacy 
Policy   Proxy 
Policy
This site is optimized for use in Internet Explorer and AOL 
running on Windows Operating System; we shall fully support the most current and 
immediately prior version of these browsers.  We believe this policy 
provides optimized security and feature stability.
  
          



 
 
 







 
Home 



 
Login 



 
Important Disclosure Information 



 
Privacy 



 

Use Terms 







       




﻿





























Karpas Strategies LLC Maintains Position in Markel Corporation (MKL) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Markel Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Markel Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Karpas Strategies LLC Has $337,000 Stake in Liberty Media Corporation (LSXMA)
Karpas Strategies LLC Maintains Position in Markel Corporation (MKL)
Sharkey Howes & Javer Continues to Hold Position in Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (AIT)
Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)
Longer Investments Inc. Invests $2.07 Million in United States Steel Corporation (X)
Anderson Hoagland & Co. Has $2.95 Million Stake in Intuit Inc. (INTU)
Viex Capital Advisors, LLC
				
			 Maintains 5.1% Stake in Mattersight Corp (ELOY)
Critical Review: Brown & Brown (BRO) & Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (AJG)
Financial Survey: Cumberland Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:CPIX) & Merus Labs International (MSLI)
Glu Mobile (GLUU) & NXT-ID (NXTD) Critical Survey
Financial Review: Buckle, Inc. (The) (BKE) vs. Foot Locker (FL)
Financial Analysis: Smart Global Holdings (SGH) vs. EVERSPIN TECH (MRAM)
On Deck Capital, Inc. (ONDK) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Strong Sell
Analyzing Roadrunner Transportation Systems (RRTS) & Echo Global Logistics (ECHO)
Head to Head Review: Yandex N.V. (NASDAQ:YNDX) versus Alphabet (GOOG)
Town Centre Securities Plc’s (LON:TOWN) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital
J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) Given “Reduce” Rating at HSBC Holdings plc
Myriad Genetics, Inc. (NASDAQ:MYGN) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Buy
Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCSG) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong-Buy”







Karpas Strategies LLC Maintains Position in Markel Corporation (MKL)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Karpas Strategies LLC continued to hold its stake in  Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 698 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Karpas Strategies LLC’s holdings in Markel Corporation were worth $681,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. National Pension Service boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 5.1% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 12,877 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $12,484,000 after buying an additional 629 shares during the last quarter.  Union Bankshares Corp boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Union Bankshares Corp now owns 446 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $435,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter.  Gulf International Bank UK Ltd boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 1.6% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 4,202 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $4,100,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter.  Creative Planning boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 12.6% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 1,689 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $1,648,000 after buying an additional 189 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, West Oak Capital LLC boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 13.0% in the first quarter. West Oak Capital LLC now owns 130 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. 75.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Markel Corporation alerts:



Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL) traded up 0.51% during trading on Thursday, reaching $994.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 11,503 shares. The stock has a market cap of $13.87 billion, a PE ratio of 41.39 and a beta of 1.01. Markel Corporation has a 12 month low of $811.05 and a 12 month high of $1,005.62. The company’s 50-day moving average is $977.74 and its 200-day moving average is $959.95. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/karpas-strategies-llc-maintains-position-in-markel-corporation-mkl.html. 





A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. BidaskClub raised Markel Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. ValuEngine raised Markel Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Markel Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one  has assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $1,000.00.
About Markel Corporation
Markel Corporation is a financial holding company serving a range of markets. The Company’s principal business markets and underwrites specialty insurance products. It monitors and reports its ongoing underwriting operations in three segments: U.S. Insurance, International Insurance and Reinsurance. The Company, through its subsidiary Markel Ventures, Inc (Markel Ventures), owns interests in various industrial and service businesses that operate outside of the specialty insurance marketplace.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MKL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL).







Receive News & Ratings for Markel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Markel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿





























Karpas Strategies LLC Maintains Position in Markel Corporation (MKL) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Markel Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Markel Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Karpas Strategies LLC Has $337,000 Stake in Liberty Media Corporation (LSXMA)
Karpas Strategies LLC Maintains Position in Markel Corporation (MKL)
Sharkey Howes & Javer Continues to Hold Position in Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (AIT)
Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)
Longer Investments Inc. Invests $2.07 Million in United States Steel Corporation (X)
Anderson Hoagland & Co. Has $2.95 Million Stake in Intuit Inc. (INTU)
Viex Capital Advisors, LLC
				
			 Maintains 5.1% Stake in Mattersight Corp (ELOY)
Critical Review: Brown & Brown (BRO) & Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (AJG)
Financial Survey: Cumberland Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:CPIX) & Merus Labs International (MSLI)
Glu Mobile (GLUU) & NXT-ID (NXTD) Critical Survey
Financial Review: Buckle, Inc. (The) (BKE) vs. Foot Locker (FL)
Financial Analysis: Smart Global Holdings (SGH) vs. EVERSPIN TECH (MRAM)
On Deck Capital, Inc. (ONDK) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Strong Sell
Analyzing Roadrunner Transportation Systems (RRTS) & Echo Global Logistics (ECHO)
Head to Head Review: Yandex N.V. (NASDAQ:YNDX) versus Alphabet (GOOG)
Town Centre Securities Plc’s (LON:TOWN) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital
J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) Given “Reduce” Rating at HSBC Holdings plc
Myriad Genetics, Inc. (NASDAQ:MYGN) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Buy
Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCSG) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong-Buy”







Karpas Strategies LLC Maintains Position in Markel Corporation (MKL)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Karpas Strategies LLC continued to hold its stake in  Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 698 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Karpas Strategies LLC’s holdings in Markel Corporation were worth $681,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. National Pension Service boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 5.1% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 12,877 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $12,484,000 after buying an additional 629 shares during the last quarter.  Union Bankshares Corp boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Union Bankshares Corp now owns 446 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $435,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter.  Gulf International Bank UK Ltd boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 1.6% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 4,202 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $4,100,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter.  Creative Planning boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 12.6% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 1,689 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $1,648,000 after buying an additional 189 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, West Oak Capital LLC boosted its stake in  Markel Corporation by 13.0% in the first quarter. West Oak Capital LLC now owns 130 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. 75.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Markel Corporation alerts:



Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL) traded up 0.51% during trading on Thursday, reaching $994.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 11,503 shares. The stock has a market cap of $13.87 billion, a PE ratio of 41.39 and a beta of 1.01. Markel Corporation has a 12 month low of $811.05 and a 12 month high of $1,005.62. The company’s 50-day moving average is $977.74 and its 200-day moving average is $959.95. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/karpas-strategies-llc-maintains-position-in-markel-corporation-mkl.html. 





A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. BidaskClub raised Markel Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. ValuEngine raised Markel Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Markel Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one  has assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $1,000.00.
About Markel Corporation
Markel Corporation is a financial holding company serving a range of markets. The Company’s principal business markets and underwrites specialty insurance products. It monitors and reports its ongoing underwriting operations in three segments: U.S. Insurance, International Insurance and Reinsurance. The Company, through its subsidiary Markel Ventures, Inc (Markel Ventures), owns interests in various industrial and service businesses that operate outside of the specialty insurance marketplace.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MKL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL).







Receive News & Ratings for Markel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Markel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿

























Karpas Strategies LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Honeywell International Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Honeywell International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Public Storage (PSA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) Receives $22.36 Average PT from Analysts
Bank of Montreal (TSE:BMO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Insider Selling: Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE:CRM) Director Sells 228 Shares of Stock
BNP Paribas SA (BNPQY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
HomeStreet, Inc. (HMST) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.63 Per Share
$0.57 EPS Expected for Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) This Quarter
Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE:ELF) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.01 Per Share
Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
Watts Water Technologies, Inc. (WTS) Receives $64.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
Dolby Laboratories (NYSE:DLB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Morgan Stanley Upgrades Petrofac Limited (PFC) to Equal Weight
Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Analysts Set The Navigators Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:NAVG) Target Price at $55.50
FBR & Co Reiterates Buy Rating for The Finish Line, Inc. (NASDAQ:FINL)
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades McDermott International, Inc. (NYSE:MDR) to Hold
Burford Capital Limited (BUR) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd
Numis Securities Ltd Downgrades Paragon Group of Companies PLC (PAG) to Reduce
Marc Benioff Sells 10,000 Shares of Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE:CRM) Stock


 


Karpas Strategies LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Honeywell International Inc. (HON)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Karpas Strategies LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 14,000 shares of the conglomerate’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Karpas Strategies LLC’s holdings in Honeywell International were worth $1,748,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC raised its position in shares of Honeywell International by 7.7% in the first quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 7,819 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $976,000 after buying an additional 559 shares during the period. HPM Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Honeywell International during the first quarter worth about $1,404,000. Girard Partners LTD. raised its position in shares of Honeywell International by 14.2% in the first quarter. Girard Partners LTD. now owns 33,952 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $4,240,000 after buying an additional 4,219 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO raised its position in shares of Honeywell International by 2.6% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO now owns 132,754 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $16,577,000 after buying an additional 3,344 shares during the period. Finally, Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Honeywell International by 9.9% in the first quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC now owns 5,048 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $630,000 after buying an additional 454 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 76.36% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE HON) opened at 136.15 on Thursday. Honeywell International Inc. has a 52 week low of $105.25 and a 52 week high of $136.17. The company has a market capitalization of $103.79 billion, a PE ratio of 21.44 and a beta of 0.95. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $134.12 and a 200-day moving average price of $127.18. 


 Get Honeywell International Inc. alerts:



Honeywell International (NYSE:HON) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $1.66 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $9.49 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.33 billion. Honeywell International had a return on equity of 26.58% and a net margin of 12.43%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.56 EPS. Analysts predict that Honeywell International Inc. will post $7.09 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Karpas Strategies LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Honeywell International Inc. (HON)” was reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/karpas-strategies-llc-holds-position-in-honeywell-international-inc-hon-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have issued reports on HON shares. BidaskClub raised shares of Honeywell International from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $115.00 price objective on shares of Honeywell International in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $144.00 price target on shares of Honeywell International in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Honeywell International from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $141.00 price target (up previously from $137.00) on shares of Honeywell International in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $136.05.
In other news, CFO Thomas A. Szlosek sold 36,080 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $131.16, for a total value of $4,732,252.80. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 2,160 shares in the company, valued at $283,305.60. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director David M. Cote sold 969,650 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $130.78, for a total value of $126,810,827.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 1,253,667 shares of company stock worth $164,049,416. Company insiders own 1.56% of the company’s stock. 
About Honeywell International
Honeywell International Inc is a technology and manufacturing company. The Company operates through four segments: Aerospace, Home and Building Technologies, Performance Materials and Technologies, and Safety and Productivity Solutions. The Company’s Aerospace segment supplies products, software and services for aircraft and vehicles that it sells to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and other customers. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Honeywell International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Honeywell International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































 









Jul 19, 2017 - Karpas Strategies Llc Buys Boeing Co, Sells Schlumberger, AmeriGas Partners LP, National Fuel Gas Co - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 19, 2017 - Karpas Strategies Llc Buys Boeing Co, Sells Schlumberger, AmeriGas Partners LP, National Fuel Gas Co - GuruFocus.com Jul 19, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Karpas Strategies Llc Buys Boeing Co, Sells Schlumberger, AmeriGas Partners LP, National Fuel Gas CoJuly 19, 2017 |  About: 
BA  +0%
SLB  +0%
NFG  +0%
APU  +0% 



New York, NY, based Investment company Karpas Strategies Llc buys Boeing Co, sells Schlumberger, AmeriGas Partners LP, National Fuel Gas Co, The Toronto-Dominion Bank during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Karpas Strategies Llc. As of 2017-06-30, Karpas Strategies Llc owns 110 stocks with a total value of $218 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: BA, Added Positions: BPY, BEP, KMI, EEQ, Reduced Positions: SCHW, CVX, TD, USB, FINN, XOM, MCD, IBM, Sold Out: SLB, APU, NFG, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 7 Warning Signs with BA. Click here to check it out. 
BA 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of BAPeter Lynch Chart of BAFor the details of KARPAS STRATEGIES LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=KARPAS+STRATEGIES+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of KARPAS STRATEGIES LLCJohnson & Johnson (JNJ) - 138,970 shares, 8.43% of the total portfolio. Magellan Midstream Partners LP (MMP) - 158,646 shares, 5.18% of the total portfolio. Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) - 256,855 shares, 5.06% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 2.65%Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM) - 260,935 shares, 4.69% of the total portfolio. Merck & Co Inc (MRK) - 139,788 shares, 4.11% of the total portfolio. New Purchase: Boeing Co (BA)Karpas Strategies Llc initiated holdings in  Boeing Co.  The purchase prices were between $175.62 and $202.23, with an estimated average price of $185.84.   The stock is now traded at around $210.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.09%. The holdings were 1,018 shares as of 2017-06-30. Sold Out: Schlumberger Ltd (SLB)Karpas Strategies Llc sold out the holdings in  Schlumberger Ltd.  The sale prices were between $65.25 and $79.65, with an estimated average price of $71.85. Sold Out: National Fuel Gas Co (NFG)Karpas Strategies Llc sold out the holdings in  National Fuel Gas Co.  The sale prices were between $53.32 and $60.83, with an estimated average price of $56.35. Sold Out: AmeriGas Partners LP (APU)Karpas Strategies Llc sold out the holdings in  AmeriGas Partners LP.  The sale prices were between $43 and $47.36, with an estimated average price of $44.92. Here is the complete portfolio of KARPAS STRATEGIES LLC. Also check out:
1. KARPAS STRATEGIES LLC's Undervalued Stocks
2. KARPAS STRATEGIES LLC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. KARPAS STRATEGIES LLC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that KARPAS STRATEGIES LLC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 7 Warning Signs with Boeing Co $BA.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

grgrassoPrice steadily growingLarsANDersenBig Returns With Dividend GrowrharmelinkDividend Stocks with price deceae010Morningstar Library with PE Sceae010Morningstar Library ScreenConnorMBetterLossExUSConnorMBetterLossPortfolioPlus10 yr ProfitabilityTaekgyun Kovalue2PortfolioPlusStrong B/S Screen

→BA Price Chart





$212.18 (1y: +60%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK























Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) Stake Maintained by Karpas Strategies LLC | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Sealed Air Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sealed Air Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Prospera Financial Services Inc Buys 543 Shares of Annaly Capital Management Inc (NLY)					

Prospera Financial Services Inc Decreases Stake in Vodafone Group PLC (VOD)					

Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (CTB) Position Boosted by Anderson Hoagland & Co.					

eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) PT Raised to $40.00 at Benchmark Co.					

Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) Stake Maintained by Karpas Strategies LLC					

Union Bankshares Corporation (NASDAQ:UBSH) Announces $0.20 Quarterly Dividend					

Farmland Partners Inc. (FPI) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.13					

New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NYMT) Position Boosted by Prospera Financial Services Inc					

Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:LBAI) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS					

ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Announces  Earnings Results					

Truxton Corp. (TRUX) Issues  Earnings Results					

QCR Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCRH) Issues  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS					

Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Editas Medicine, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (EDIT)					

Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $9.43 Per Share					

Brokers Issue Forecasts for AC Immune  SA’s FY2017 Earnings (ACIU)					

CRISPR THERAPTC (CRSP) Given “Market Perform” Rating by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts					

Brokers Issue Forecasts for Synaptics Incorporated’s FY2017 Earnings (SYNA)					

Casella Waste Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CWST) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus					

Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Dermira, Inc. (DERM)					

FBR & Co Reiterates Mkt Perform Rating for Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM)					





 





						Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) Stake Maintained by Karpas Strategies LLC					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Tyrone Williams 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Karpas Strategies LLC maintained its position in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 4,600 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Karpas Strategies LLC’s holdings in Sealed Air Corporation were worth $206,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in SEE. Huntington National Bank raised its position in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation by 2.0% in the first quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 29,945 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,305,000 after buying an additional 591 shares in the last quarter.  DnB Asset Management AS raised its position in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation by 21.3% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 17,079 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $744,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares in the last quarter.  Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA raised its position in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation by 61,387.8% in the first quarter. Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA now owns 180,774 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,878,000 after buying an additional 180,480 shares in the last quarter.  Merriman Wealth Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation by 54.5% in the first quarter. Merriman Wealth Management LLC now owns 42,780 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,864,000 after buying an additional 15,088 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Gulf International Bank UK Ltd raised its position in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation by 1.4% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 63,698 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,775,000 after buying an additional 900 shares in the last quarter. 90.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) traded down 0.26% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $45.41. 286,101 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Sealed Air Corporation has a 12 month low of $41.74 and a 12 month high of $50.62. The stock has a market cap of $8.89 billion, a PE ratio of 26.10 and a beta of 1.17. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $45.10 and a 200-day moving average price of $45.56. 




Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The industrial products company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $1.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.58 billion. Sealed Air Corporation had a net margin of 5.48% and a return on equity of 85.72%. Sealed Air Corporation’s quarterly revenue was up 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.50 earnings per share.  On average, analysts predict that  Sealed Air Corporation will post $1.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be given a $0.16 dividend. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th. Sealed Air Corporation’s payout ratio is presently 36.99%. 
Sealed Air Corporation announced that its Board of Directors has initiated a stock repurchase plan on Monday, March 27th that authorizes the company to buyback $1.50 billion in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the industrial products company to repurchase up to 17.8% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback plans are generally a sign that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first  published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/21/sealed-air-corporation-see-stake-maintained-by-karpas-strategies-llc.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Bank of America Corporation lowered shares of Sealed Air Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $43.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $47.00 target price on shares of Sealed Air Corporation in a research note on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sealed Air Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Robert W. Baird  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $55.00 target price on shares of Sealed Air Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of Sealed Air Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $48.91.
In other news, insider Emile Z. Chammas bought 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $43.09 per share, for a total transaction of $129,270.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 148,077 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,380,637.93. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jerome A. Peribere bought 6,960 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $42.97 per share, with a total value of $299,071.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 199,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,551,030. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.86% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Sealed Air Corporation
Sealed Air Corporation is engaged in food safety and security, facility hygiene and product protection business. The Company’s segments are Food Care, Diversey Care, Product Care and Other (includes Corporate, Medical Applications and New Ventures businesses). The Food Care segment focuses on providing a range of integrated system solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SEE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE).






Receive News & Ratings for Sealed Air Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sealed Air Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































Matthew Karpas, Karpas Strategies LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Matthew Karpas

Managing Director/Founder,
Karpas Strategies LLC






Career History




Managing Director/Founder
Karpas Strategies LLC, 8/1999-PRESENT



J P Morgan, FORMER







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Colorado
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Connecticut Junior Republic Association Inc/The


Board Member, PRESENT






Other Memberships




Washington Montessori School 


Board Member




Connecticut Junior Republic Association


Board Member




Cjr Fund Inc


President



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

















































Karpas Strategies LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, New York - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Karpas Strategies LLC





Karpas Strategies LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Karpas Strategies LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Karpas Strategies LLC is a RIA based in Manhattan, NY with $276M in AUM and with 1 advisor nationwide . Matthew Paul Karpas is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 1999.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Manhattan, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
1


Total Assets
$275,660,224



Website







Location
        



452 5th Avenue


Manhattan,
NY
10018


212-223-7280









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





iShares US Preferred Stock ETF

$957,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 15, 2017





$275.7M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






140

          
Accounts
          


$2.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
1





name

start date









Matthew Paul Karpas

March 2007 











View All Advisors













Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Matthew Paul Karpas

Managing Member & Chief Compliance Officer
      
August, 1999
      
75% or more
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations











































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,443)



Hourly Charges (12,495)



Performance-Based Fees (6,652)



None (3,395)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,016)



1M - 10M (4,727)



10M - 100M (9,351)



100M - 500M (5,819)



1B - 10B (2,643)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,588)



100K - 500K (11,252)



500K - 1M (3,089)



1M - 10M (3,576)



10M - 100M (2,702)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,015 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,595 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,659 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,624 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,587 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,672 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,077 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,619 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,891 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,846 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,968 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,385 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Karpas Strategies LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, New York - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Karpas Strategies LLC





Karpas Strategies LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Karpas Strategies LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Karpas Strategies LLC is a RIA based in Manhattan, NY with $276M in AUM and with 1 advisor nationwide . Matthew Paul Karpas is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 1999.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Manhattan, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
1


Total Assets
$275,660,224



Website







Location
        



452 5th Avenue


Manhattan,
NY
10018


212-223-7280









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





iShares US Preferred Stock ETF

$957,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on April 15, 2017





$275.7M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






140

          
Accounts
          


$2.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
1





name

start date









Matthew Paul Karpas

March 2007 











View All Advisors













Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Matthew Paul Karpas

Managing Member & Chief Compliance Officer
      
August, 1999
      
75% or more
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































