 Home - Keller Products                HomeProductsAllTramp Oil RemovalFiltration ProductsMagnetic SeparatorsWashable Water FiltersSupportFAQProduct LiteratureApplication StoriesVideoAboutContact (800) 352-8422Order         MENU CLOSE   Search site...               Keller Means ValueProviding metal working fluid filtration and recycling equipment, designed for rugged operation with minimal attention.LEARN MORECONTACT US       Tramp Oil RemovalModels range from single to multiple sumps; compressed air to electric driven systems; units that are floor standing, cart mounted, or magnetically mounted to the machine.    Filtration ProductsKeller filters can remove particles down to 1 micron in size, and handle pressures up to 300 psig for both water-based coolants and straight oils.    Magnetic SeparatorsKeller Products offers three distinct magnetic separation lines. All employ 5,000 Gauss rare earth magnets for maximum removal efficiency.    Washable Water FiltersCleaning even the dirtiest of water supplies, Keller’s proprietary washable filters offer excellent flow rates and particle removal down to 50 microns.   Customer Feedback   We installed the first skimmer package on a large Matsuura to check the performance and the results were excellent! The sump was clean, and the oil drained from the Keller skimmer was solid oil. It eliminated coolant waste.Ron M.Facilities Manager at Paramount Machine   “…For a modest investment, the two PFA-1002 units have allowed me to increase shop throughput, avoid unscheduled shutdowns, eliminate parts finish problems, and greatly reduce labor costs for sump maintenance…”Steve D.President and founder of CSI Manufacturing   “I have cut my waste generation from 10 drums per month to two drums per month since I installed the Keller TKO-6 units. In addition, I have increased production by minimizing downtime, which helps us meet our customer deadlines. By removing the tramp oil, my coolant is less likely to foam, and filtering out the aluminum means I am less likely to plug coolant lines in my machines. The Keller units paid for themselves in a few months. I’m glad I kept looking for the right solution to this difficult problem.”Peter J.Manufacturing Manager at Stanfordville Machine   “The magnetic separators are working great. We clean them about every 3 hours or so and have been very pleased with the results.”Jonathan S.A.J. Rose Manufacturing Company   “…The PFA-1002 is rugged and easy to use. It works exactly as described, with neglible operating cost, and has eliminated several costly problems. No more pumping out sumps, no more problems of fines affecting parts finishes, no more short runs with high pressure coolant filter…”Mike C.Marox Corp.Why Keller Products?Keller supplies a family of products which allow machine shops to keep their fluids as clean as possible for as long as possible in the machine tools, reducing coolant consumption and boosting productivity. Keller separators and filters are designed for rugged operation with minimal attention, and Keller provides knowledgeable after-sales support. All products are manufactured in the U.S.  Durability Our products are so durable that many customers are still running their equipment after 10 years.  Made in the USAAll of our products are made right here in the United States.  Customer CareWe offer excellent customer support, focusing on establishing long-term relationships.  ExperiencedKeller Products has been in the business since 1990, having over 10,000 units in the field.  Quick TurnaroundAll of our products are shipped by UPS from stock.SEE PRODUCTSCONTACT US Need to place an order? If you would like to place an order, click “Order Request” and fill out the form, or give us a call at (800) 352-8422 ORDER REQUEST                         





	PETER KELLER Trademark of INTERKNIT PTY. LTD.. Serial Number: 73773011 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Clothing Products
PETER KELLER










 
Get FREE email alerts













PETER KELLER  Trademark Information
 INTERKNIT PTY. LTD.
CLOTHING, NAMELY, SOCKS, SHIRTS AND PANTS




Perfect for these industries

Clothing Products





Words that describe this mark
clothing         socks      shirts   pants    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PETER KELLER trademark by INTERKNIT PTY. LTD. 
                                in BALLARAT, VICTORIA, , 3352.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PETER KELLER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner INTERKNIT PTY. LTD. of the PETER KELLER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PETER KELLER trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, January 4, 1989,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PETER KELLER by 
                        INTERKNIT PTY. LTD., BALLARAT, VICTORIA 3352.
                        The USPTO has given the PETER KELLER 
                        trademark serial  number of  73773011.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for PETER KELLER is 
                        
                        
                                            WILLIAM W. BECKETT of 
                                            BANNER, BIRCH, MCKIE AND BECKETT,  ONE THOMAS CIRCLE, N.W., WASHINGTON, DC  20005 
                                .
                            The PETER KELLER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Clothing Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PETER KELLER 
                            is CLOTHING, NAMELY, SOCKS, SHIRTS AND PANTS. 
                            





Word mark:
 PETER KELLER


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

10/14/1996



  Serial Number:  
73773011


  Filing Date:  
1/4/1989


 Registration Number:  
1590998 


 Registration Date:  
4/10/1990


 Goods and Services: 
CLOTHING, NAMELY, SOCKS, SHIRTS AND PANTS


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/16/1990


Last Applicant/Owner:

INTERKNIT PTY. LTD.BALLARAT, VICTORIA 3352
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


WILLIAM W. BECKETT
BANNER, BIRCH, MCKIE AND BECKETT
ONE THOMAS CIRCLE, N.W.
WASHINGTON, DC  20005






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (025) - Clothing, footwear, headgear. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/1988


First Use In Commerce: 
11/12/1988





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PETER KELLER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/14/1996
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



WILLIAM W. BECKETT


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PETER KELLER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search peterkeller on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PETER KELLER 




PETER KELLER is providing CLOTHING, NAMELY, SOCKS, SHIRTS AND PANTS.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















    Peter Keller  |  Practical Ecommerce





























































 


    






















  


 






 


 
Webinars
MerchantVoice

Notes from Australia
The (Ecommerce) Corner Office
The View from England




 


 


Follow us:




 
 











  
Marketing
Conversion
Management
Design & Development
Online Seminars
MerchantVoice




 





  Articles by:
                Peter Keller            



Peter Keller


                                    Peter Keller is founder and C.E.O. of FringeSport, a strength and conditioning equipment company. Peter has grown FringeSport from his garage, in 2010, to millions in annual revenue. Email Peter. Follow him on Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat.                                
 


The Next Leap
For selling, the phone is better than email

 

July 11, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        I’m a huge fan of email marketing. It’s been very helpful for FringeSport. I addressed email marketing, in fact, in my previous two posts: “Lessons on starting an email list” ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
How to get your first 1,000 email subscribers



June 29, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        I addressed last month how to start an email list. In this post, I’ll explain how to get your first 1,000 subscribers.
As part of starting a list, you (hopefully) identified ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Lessons on starting an email list



June 4, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        FringeSport’s email list has been one of our best investments in terms of connecting our brand with our customers, and also in terms of direct sales.
In this post, I’ll offer ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
My secret weapons — tools, groups, activities



April 6, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        I’m friends with many entrepreneurs. Oftentimes we talk about what services we use, what products we have, and the routines that allow us to be more successful.
For example, there’s a ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
My ecommerce canon



March 1, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        I always enjoy discussing ecommerce and entrepreneurship with friends and other people. I love helping them.
I’m frequently asked about resources for folks that are interested in learning more about ecommerce. ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Finding your brand’s voice, and its communication channel



February 6, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        I launched FringeSport in 2010. It’s taken almost all of that time to find a voice for the brand and a primary channel to communicate that voice. I struggled with ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
3 early mistakes in building my business

 

January 29, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        When I talk to entrepreneurs who have a “side hustle” — a side venture to their full-time employment — many times they ask when to leave their “safe” job and ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
When an ecommerce side hustle becomes real



January 2, 2017 • Peter Keller

                                                        I’ve been talking with many budding ecommerce entrepreneurs lately. A big question I’m asked is along the lines of “when is it time to quit your day job and focus ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
A blueprint for Black Friday planning



November 1, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        Black Friday is many things. It’s a great day for deals, a garish celebration of consumerism, and a huge opportunity and a huge headache for retailers. It’s been pivotal in ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Technology stack for FringeSport



October 2, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        I’ve read columnist Eric Bandholz’s post on the technology stack for his company, Beardbrand. In this article, I’ll address the same for my company, FringeSport. These are the tools that ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
A tale of two domain purchases



August 31, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        We’ve all been there. We have a great idea for a company and we log on to a domain registrar. We type our dream domain name, hit enter, and bam. Someone is sitting ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Our experiment in eliminating AdWords



July 29, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        Back in the day, I managed a $500,000 annual pay-per-click advertising budget for CompactAppliance.com, a retailer of small-space appliances. That business was built on the pillars of PPC ads and ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Ecommerce brands vs. Amazon sellers



June 27, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        I’ve worked in ecommerce for 15 years. When I started, those of us in the industry made the rules as we went along. No one knew for sure what would ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Why FringeSport uses Shopify



May 3, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        FringeSport has used Shopify for six years. I started on the platform after reading an early Tim Ferriss blog post, where he pimped the brand. We’ve never looked back.
I get ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
The evolution of FringeSport’s KPIs

 

March 16, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        How do you run your business? What numbers are meaningful, and on what intervals do you review them?
When FringeSport was a side project, I mainly looked at revenue and gross ...                                                             
Read More »





The Next Leap
Entrepreneur, founder, C.E.O.?



February 24, 2016 • Peter Keller

                                                        What is a C.E.O.? If you founded and are running a start-up, when should you really take C.E.O. as a title?
These are questions I’ve struggled with over the last year. ...                                                             
Read More »







  


 From Our Advertisers 

   Bronto + Oracle Engagement Tools for the Omnichannel Commerce Marketer  
   Incapsula Improve Site Speed with CDNs, Load Balancers  




Popular
9 Trusted SEO Blogs3 SEO Wins (Often Overlooked) for Ecommerce Sites5 Content Marketing Ideas for August 2017The Explosive Growth of Cross-border EcommerceAmazon Prime Day 2017 Smashes Sales RecordConfessions of an Ecommerce Developer 








Email Newsletter
	+
	Free Ebook
	48 GreatEcommerce Ideas
	 
	
 







 

About Us
Contact
Subscribe
Editorial Policy
Advertising
Logos
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Podcasts

Copyright © 2005-2017 Practical Ecommerce. All Rights Reserved.  









Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive EcommerceNotes, ouracclaimed email newsletter.
+
Receive free ebook
48 Great Ecommerce Ideas





         





Product Categories for Keller Products





































sales@kelleramerica.com
 Toll Free: 877-253-5537
















Level and Pressure Measurement



















Product CATEGORIES



















OEM Sensors, Transducers, and Transmitters




Keller is the world's largest independent manufacturer of media-isolated, piezoresistive pressure sensors, producing in excess of 1 million units every year. Keller sensors are produced in three basic configurations: gauge pressure sensors, absolute pressure sensors and sealed gauge pressure sensors. Each of these types benefits from over 30 years of continuous development in our ISO9000:2001-accredited headquarters. Optimized mechanical packaging insures effective media isolation without degrading performance. A large percentage of OEM sensors produced by Keller are used in our own pressure transducers and pressure transmitters, so Keller understands the OEM viewpoint. Keller's designs cover a broad spectrum of applications, from medical vascular intervention systems to down hole oil tools. Whatever the requirement, Keller can provide the solution!



 Go to Products







Pressure
        Transmitters






Keller's extensive lineup of pressure sensors, pressure transducers and pressure transmitters includes an extensive selection of above-ground models, all utilizing advanced piezoresistive pressure sensor technology. From general purpose industrial pressure sensors to automotive pressure sensors and transducers to high-flying precision pressure transducers for commercial and military aviation applications, Keller can provide an engineered solution for most pressure measurement problems. Econoline, Valueline and Preciseline transmitters are assembled to order in the US, enabling standard 3-day delivery from our Newport News, VA facility. Other models are produced at our headquarters in Northern Switzerland.



 Go to Products







Submersible Level Transmitters






Keller submersible level transmitters are known for their superior reliability, reasonable cost, and ready availability. They feature small size and integral signal conditioning, simplifying installation anywhere quality liquid level sensors are needed. Most commonly deployed as submersible water level sensors, Keller submersible level transmitters also can be used as tank level gauges. They are frequently paired with a compatible display/control system for use as a general purpose water level indicator or as a water level controller.



 Go to Products







Autonomous
        Water Level Loggers






A perfect marriage of proven pressure sensor technology and advanced microprocessor-based electronics, our DCX family of water level loggers is ideal for shallow or deep well water logging applications. Combining a water level logger with a temperature data logger, these instruments are designed and constructed to provide years of trouble-free service under the most demanding conditions. Data capture is accomplished by periodic data transfer to a laptop or Pocket PC (Windows CE) or, for remote installations, by GSM modem technology. Keller's DCX family of submersible water level and temperature data loggers are up to the task. 



 Go to Products







Digital
        Pressure Gauges






Keller digital pressure gauges (a.k.a. digital manometers) are a cost-effective solution in any pressure monitoring scenario where a local display is required. Features include min/max display, selectable units, 5 kHz scan rate for transient capture and data recording. These Swiss-built instruments are commonly used as fuel pressure gauges, water pressure gauges and oil pressure gauges. Almost any installation previously utilizing mechanical or hydraulic pressure gauges can benefit from an upgrade to Keller technology. Manufactured 100% in-house, Keller products incorporate advanced pressure sensor technology combined with the latest in microprocessor-based electronics, resulting in outstanding performance over a wide temperature range at reasonable cost. Whether troubleshooting hydraulics systems or setting up an air-suspension on a military vehicle, Keller digital pressure gauges make the job easier, and they last!



 Go to Products









Digital
        Indicators




A simple pressure measurement system can be configured from a Keller pressure transmitter and one of our digital pressure indicator/power supplies. Our digital indicators are available for operation from DC or AC supply, provide a DC supply to the pressure transmitter and display the transmitter output. The display units can be chosen and scaled according to the specific transmitter in use. Certain models repeat the analog transmitter output and other models accept an RS485 digital output from transmitters so equipped. Also available are models with output relays and high-low alarm capability.



 Go to Products







Pressure
        Calibrators




Keller produces many complementary accessories that enhance the usability of our pressure transmitters, including portable pressure calibrators, complete with digital pressure indicators and hand-operated low and high pressure pumps. Available in ranges from vacuum to 700 bar, these calibrators are completely self-contained and can provide power to the transmitter being calibrated, making possible field calibrations in remote locations where power is not available. Specific versions also include a datalogging function, enabling the technician to retain a record of actual data that can be subsequently downloaded and made a part of the permanent calibration record. 



 Go to Products







Pressure
        Pumps




Among the many complementary accessories that enhance the usability of our pressure measurement products are our low, medium and high pressure pumps. These pumps can be used in conjunction with a secondary standard to provide accurate calibration pressures ranging from vacuum to 700 bar. Low and medium pressure pumps utilize air as the fluid and high pressure versions utilize inert calibration oil. All pumps include a fine adjust feature to enable precise pressure settings. 



 Go to Products







Interface
        Converters




Many Keller pressure transmitters are now offered with modified RS485 digital communication capability. Keller provides several optional interface converters which facilitate the easy startup and use of these transmitters. Converters typically include cabling and in some cases, a transmitter power supply. Converters are available for connection to RS232 serial or USB ports. Versatile software is also included that enables setting the zero point, scaling, readout of temperature as well as pressure and even datalogging and display. Your Keller sales engineer will be pleased to discuss your specific needs regarding our interface converters.



 Go to Products







Optional
        Accessories




Keller America offers a variety of optional accessories designed to enhance versatility, simplify the installation, and increase the longevity of your Keller pressure or level transmitter. If you have any questions, or would like to discuss your particular application in more detail, contact Keller America today!



 Go to Products






























































Keller Peter K Md Pc in Bronx, NY 10461 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Bronx
» General Practice
» Keller Peter K Md Pc













Keller Peter K Md Pc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1578 Williamsbridge Rd  Bronx, New York 10461


(718) 892-7817


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Keller Peter K Md Pc is located at the address 1578 Williamsbridge Rd in Bronx, New York 10461.  They can be contacted via phone at (718) 892-7817 for pricing, hours and directions.  Keller Peter K Md Pc specializes in Numbness, Ingrown Nails, Farsightedness.  Keller Peter K Md Pc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Peter  Keller, PhysicianKeller Peter K Md Pc provides Primary Care, Custom Services, Hysterectomy to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Keller Peter K Md Pc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Keller Peter K Md Pc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Supplements
, Daily Wear Contacts
, Rimless
, Skin Care Products
, Astigmatic Contacts
, Transition Lenses
, Light & Thin Lenses
, Scratch-Resistant Lenses
, Therapeutic Shoes
, Anti-Aging Products



SERVICES


Private Care
, Hysterectomy
, Gift Certificates
, Primary Care
, Occupational Therapy
, Laparoscopic Surgery
, Custom Services
, Medications
, Referrals
, Nutritional Counseling


 SPECIALTIES


Diabetic Foot Problems
, Ingrown Nails
, Skin Cancer
, Whiplash Injuries
, Numbness
, Stroke
, Spinal Conditions
, Heel Problems
, Farsightedness
, Cysts



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (718) 892-7817
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Bryan
Main Contact Last Name: Latzman
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 20
Exact Sales Volume: 1200000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


Driggs Carlos F


1027 Underhill Ave  Bronx, New York 10472




Mercy Ob Gyn Pc


4350 Van Cortlandt Park E  Bronx, New York 10470




Inc Promesa


915 Westchester Ave  Bronx, New York 10459




Gennarelli Louis


3250 Westchester Ave  Bronx, New York 10461




Farah Sam


3250 Westchester Ave  Bronx, New York 10461




Cohen Joel S


1610 Williamsbridge Rd  Bronx, New York 10461





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Peter  Keller
Physician

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Studies in 2 Peter  | Gospel in Life - Sermons, Books and Resources from Timothy Keller and Redeemer Presbyterian Church










































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                





XSave up to 50% on select popular series! **Discounts available for a limited time.**



Gospel in Life



Search:

All


All

                    Sermons & Talks                

                    Books                

                    Study Materials                

                    Manuals & Papers                 

                    Specials                

                    USB's                









Account
Cart






Sermons & TalksBooksStudy MaterialsManuals & Papers SpecialsUSB's 







Home

/

Studies in 2 Peter




















Studies in 2 Peter
















 




					Series Price: 0.00				



                    Timothy J. Keller                







Product ID
RS 43


Date
Aug 1, 1993


Product Type
Series


Speakers
Timothy J. Keller


Series Start Date
Aug 1, 1993


Series End Date
Aug 29, 1993










Format


Qty






Choose an option
MP3CD 






Add to Cart
 










Double click on above image to view full picture
























Title
Speaker
Date
Scripture
Format
Price
Qty 





1
Precious Promises

Sherman


                        07/11/93                    

                        2 Peter 1:1-4                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








2
Making it Certain

Sherman


                        07/18/93                    

                        2 Peter 1:5-11                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








3
Getting it Right;  Back to ...

Sherman


                        07/25/93                    

                        2 Peter 1:12-21                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








4
Getting it Right; Taking th...

Sherman


                        08/01/93                    

                        2 Peter 1:19-2:3                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








5
Getting it Right;  Ready fo...

Sherman


                        08/01/93                    

                        2 Peter 3                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








6
The Dangerous Heart

Keller


                        08/08/93                    

                        2 Peter 1:3-12                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








7
The Dangerous Life

Keller


                        08/15/93                    

                        2 Peter 2:1-9                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart








8
The Dangerous God

Keller


                        08/22/93                    

                        2 Peter 3:1-13                    








Choose an Option...









						0.00					

Free
					








Add to Cart








9
Growing in Grace

Keller


                        08/29/93                    

                        2 Peter 3:14-18                    








Choose an Option...









						2.50					

						2.50					








Add to Cart

























Free

Paid

Speakers

Timothy J. KellerKathy Keller

Type

StudySermonBundle

Scripture

MatthewGenesisPsalms

Year

20152013201220051998

Author

Timothy J. Keller











About
Help Center
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Free Sermon Resource
 



Gospel in Life is the resource site for Redeemer Presbyterian Church, Redeemer City to City, and Timothy Keller.



Affiliate Ministries
 
Hope for New York  Center for Faith & Work  New Birth Portraits  Discover Christianity
Contact Information
 
Monday - FridayClosed during holidays Message Us
Social
 

Newsletter
 
Subscribe for updates: 
     






 





 Application Stories - Keller Products             HomeProductsAllTramp Oil RemovalFiltration ProductsMagnetic SeparatorsWashable Water FiltersSupportFAQProduct LiteratureApplication StoriesVideoAboutContact (800) 352-8422Order         MENU CLOSE   Search site...               Application StoriesPayout Calculations: Running with Clean Coolant Is a Major Cost Saving InitiativePayout Calculations: Running with Clean Coolant Is a Major Cost Saving Initiative The TKO-14, standing next to the sump, requires only 14" x 14" floor space  The TKO-6, mounted on the machine tool with the magnetic frame, uses no floor space  The CLO-1 magnetic frame for the TKO-6 attaches to the machine tool without hardware Until a few years ago, interest in maintaining the cleanliness of coolant in machine tool sumps arose chiefly from in-shop environmental concerns: odor was a problem, there was smoke in the air, or operators were suffering from contact dermatitis–all problems attributable to tramp oil in the coolant. However, while the environmental issues continue to be important, in the current difficult economy most shop managers recognize intuitively that maintaining clean coolant in the machines is essential for running an efficient and profitable shop. After all, if machine tools ran just as well with dirty coolant as with clean coolant no one would ever change coolant. However, despite the general agreement that clean coolant saves money, it is a rare shop manager who has actually calculated the cost savings resulting from maintaining clean coolant in the machines, and the savings are quite significant.The cost savings result from the following improvements in shop operations:A good coolant maintained regularly with an efficient pump/skimmer unit can run at least one year in the sump before it should be changed. With no skimmer or with an inefficient belt or disc skimmer, the coolant must be changed every two months, or six times per year. Therefore, with efficient coolant maintenance, annual coolant purchase and disposal costs are reduced by five changeouts per year, or 83%.In addition, reducing coolant changeouts from six per year to one per year will similarly reduce by 83% the labor required for changing the coolant and the machine downtime during coolant changeouts.Running with clean coolant significantly reduces tool wear compared with running with dirty coolant. Based on feedback from hundreds of shops, a conservative estimate for the benefit of clean coolant is a 10% saving in tooling cost.The following cost savings are calculated for one machine with an 80 gallon sump. The reduction in coolant changeouts will save five changeouts per year, or 400 gallons of coolant in the sump per year. The concentration of coolant makeup is assumed to be 5%. Savings per Year_Coolant Makeup: 5% of 400 gal.; or 20 gal. @ $20/gal.$400Coolant Disposal: 400 gal/year @ $2/gal.$800Labor for Changeouts: 4 man-hrs/changeout, 20 man-hrs/year @ $20/man-hr$400Machine Downtime: 20 machine-hrs/year @ $70/machine-hr$1400Tooling Cost: 10% savings of $10,000 tooling cost per machine/year$1000                Total savings per machine per year:$4000_Approximate cost of pump/skimmer per sump$1000_Payback time for pump/skimmer: 0.25 years, or 3 months We can cite the example of PV Engineering (Salisbury MA) to illustrate the fact that cost savings and improved shop efficiency are now the driving forces in the decisions by shops to install efficient cooling cleaning equipment. PV Engineering, founded in 1988, is a family-owned shop serving the defense, power generation, and medical markets. They employ 21 CNC machines, primarily machining stainless steel. After analyzing his shop’s operation, Peter Vlismas, vice president of PV, concluded that ineffective coolant maintenance was having a detrimental effect on the performance of his shop. He contacted Keller Products, Inc., a leading supplier of coolant cleaning equipment, and cited the following specific objectives: “Minimize waste, run cleaner, and improve profits.” Since Keller has more than 5000 coolant cleaning units operating successfully in shops and the cost estimates suggest a potential saving by PV of more than $80,000 per year, the Keller salesman quickly reached an agreement with Peter Vlismas to initiate a test program. PV installed a TKO-14 pump/skimmer unit at the sump of one machine. In common with all Keller pump/skimmer units, the TKO-14 pulls oily coolant from the surface of the sump, filters to remove suspended solids, separates the tramp oil from the coolant with the patented Keller maintenance-free separator elements, and returns the cleaned coolant continuously to the sump at high flow rate. In contrast to the belt skimmers that PV had previously tried, a Keller pump/skimmer with a 1/2″ air-operated diaphragm pump turns over a sump rapidly-for example, a 90 gallon sump will be turned over twice per hour-aerating the coolant and ensuring that there are no stagnant areas of the sump in which oil and solids can accumulate. The separator may be run when the machine tool is operating or is idle.After running the TKO-14 about one month, Peter Vlismas decided to equip his entire shop with Keller units. Keller supplies three models of TKO units to accomodate any shop space constraints. The TKO-14, which has a footprint of 14″ x 14″, could be conveniently set on the floor adjacent to seven of his 21 machines. For the remaining 14 machines, Peter selected the TKO-6 with the CLO-1 magnetic frame, which can be mounted off the floor directly to the machine tool and requires zero floor space. In operation, the TKO-6 performs exactly like the TKO-14. The Keller units have been operating for more than six months. The evaluation from Peter Vlismas: “Coolant waste has been greatly minimized, the machines run cleaner and more efficiently, and the shop is more profitable. The Keller units installed easily without interruption of shop operations. All my objectives for the program have been achieved at relatively low cost and with no operating problems.”Conclusion: Maintaining clean coolant is an important Lean Manufacturing initiative.New Pump/Skimmers Eliminate Dirty Coolant Bottleneck in Precision Machine ShopNew Pump/Skimmers Eliminate Dirty Coolant Bottleneck in Precision Machine Shop Stanfordville Machine contiuously invests in the latest in machine tool and tooling technology.  The TKO-6 separator is mounted to the machine without hardware using the magnetic frame. Note the floating inlet device, the clean coolant in the sump, and the dark band of collected oil in the separator tank.  The bag filter conveniently removes the large quantity of floating aluminum chips before the oily coolant is pumped to the separator tank. Stanfordville Machine (Stanfordville, NY), founded in 1975, is a leading supplier of precision parts to the semiconductor, medical, aerospace, and electronics industries. Running a busy shop with 24 machines, Stanfordville management continuously invests in new machines in order to ensure Just In Time deliveries and to be working with the latest in machine technology at all times. However, Peter Johnsen, Manufacturing Manager, found that his objectives for the long term investments in tools and tooling were being compromised by lack of effective maintenance of the coolant in his machine sumps. Buildup of tramp oil and other impurities in the coolant required frequent pumpouts of the sumps, resulting in excessive coolant and waste disposal costs and, more important, unacceptable unscheduled machine downtime.Stanfordville Machine pursued some typical approaches for keeping the coolant clean. They tried skimmers with no success. A skimmer operates only in a small area of the sump, leaving most of the sump covered with oil, and removes a large quantity of coolant along with the tramp oil. They next tried a pumping separator with an electric pump. The electric pump immediately proved to be unreliable, and the overall construction of the separator was not rugged enough for the Stanfordville application.Peter Johnsen then contacted Keller Products (Acton MA), which he knew to be a leader in coolant cleaning systems for sumps under 1000 gallons. With over 5000 units in the field, the rugged Keller pump/separators are specifically designed for trouble-free service, with 1/2” air-operated diaphragm pumps and patented permanent oil separating (coalescing) elements that require no maintenance. Keller offers both dedicated and portable units to handle any shop requirement. Since Peter did not want to require his crew to move portable units, the Keller salesman recommended the TKO line of pump/separators, designed to service individual sumps.A TKO skimmer pumps oily coolant from a floating inlet device on the surface of the sump, through a prefilter to remove floating chips, and into a separator tank containing the Keller permanent separator element. The separated tramp oil is held in the tank until drained whenever convenient. The cleaned coolant recycles continuously to the sump at high flow rate. The high recirculation rate turns over the sump rapidly, ensuring that there are no stagnant areas in which oil and solids can accumulate. The smallest unit in the TKO line, the TKO-6, can be mounted to the side of the machine tool without hardware using the Keller magnetic support frame CLO-1. This feature was especially important to Peter, since it kept the aisleways clear for stock movement.He ordered two TKO-6 units with magnetic frames and evaluated them for one month. They performed exceptionally well. Stanfordville primarily machines aluminum which generates a large quantity of floating fines that are pulled into the separator along with the tramp oil. Although the TKO separators are equipped with a cartridge type prefilter as standard, Peter requested that Keller supply the units with a high capacity bag filter for added operating convenience. Even including the bag filter and the 1/2” air operated pump, the Keller system was more economical than the unreliable pump separator previously evaluated.The result of the test was total customer satisfaction. Peter Johnsen then ordered identical units for his remaining machines. He says, “I have cut my waste generation from 10 drums per month to two drums per month. In addition, I have increased production by minimizing downtime, which helps us meet our customer deadlines. By removing the tramp oil, my coolant is less likely to foam, and filtering out the aluminum means I am less likely to plug coolant lines in my machines. The Keller units paid for themselves in a few months. I’m glad I kept looking for the right solution to this difficult problem.”Precision Valve Manufacturer Improves Productivity Dramatically with Model #315 SeparatorsPrecision Valve Manufacturer Improves Productivity Dramatically with Model #315 Separators Shop manager Roger Poirier displays one of Conval’s high pressure globe valves, used worldwide by the power generating industry.  Portable Keller Model #315 pump/separator can be set up at a sump simply with two quick-disconnect fittings. The Model #315 can clean a typical sump in a few hours.  Keller floating inlet device automatically compensates for changes in sump height. Note that the treated coolant is oil-free. Conval, Inc. (Somers CT), founded in 1967, manufactures high pressure globe valves used primarily in the power generating industry. The fact that Conval exports about 76% of its output is testimony to the worldwide reputation for quality and reliability its valves have achieved in this extremely demanding service. The valve bodies are machined from forgings, primarily steel plus some aluminum, bronze, and Stellite, on 20 CNC machines operating two shifts. Because the shop has been extremely busy over an extended period of time, Roger Poirier, shop manager, is constantly evaluating all areas of shop operation to find possible gains in productivity.One source of continuing production problems was contamination of the coolant. High levels of tramp oil and solids in the coolant flooding the working part caused rapid tool wear. According to Roger, “The rapid tool wear required frequent machine adjustments during a run in order to maintain Conval’s tight dimensional specifications. Even with these adjustments, the amount of rework on out-ofspecification parts was bogging down our delivery schedules. In addition, we were pumping out and changing our sumps every six weeks.” The reduced throughput on the machines and the loss of machine time for pumpout convinced Poirier that he had to act to deal with the coolant contamination problem.Roger was referred to Keller Products, Inc. (Acton, MA) by his coolant supplier. Keller Products is a leader in sump-side coolant cleaners, with thousands of units in service. The Keller salesman surveyed the shop and quickly determined that one of Keller’s five standard portable pump/separator units, Model #315, could be recommended to solve the Conval coolant contamination problem. The cart-mounted Model #315 pump/separator unit can clean a typical 60 gallon to 200 gallon sump in a few hours and then can be easily moved and set up at the next sump. Keller recommends that each sump be treated once per week. Since the Model #315 can readily treat two sumps in an 8 hour shift, one separator can maintain the cleanliness of the coolant in 10 or more sumps. All Keller separators incorporate self-priming air operated pumps (no electricals), a bag filter to remove floating solids that enter the separator with the oily coolant, and patented permanent oil separator elements.Roger Poirier purchased one Model #315, and the results were dramatic. He states, “On the first couple of machines, we removed 2 to 3 gallons of tramp oil in a few hours. The bag filter removes the fines associated with machining forged material. We are currently going on nine months with coolant in the sump, and there is no indication yet that the coolant will need to be changed any time soon. Tool life has increased substantially, the need to make machine adjustments during a run has dropped sharply, and rework due to coolant issues has been virtually eliminated. Not to mention the savings associated with eliminating downtine and disposal of coolant for pumping out 20 CNC machines every six weeks.” About one month after installing the first Model #315, Poirier purchased a second unit to ensure that all 20 Conval sumps will be kept free of tramp oil and floating solids. Noting that the dramatic improvements in shop operations were achieved with the modest investment in the Keller units and without interrupting normal operating procedures, Poirier says his only regret is that he did not address the coolant problems sooner.Two Keller Model #455 Tramp Oil Separators Keep Sumps of 20 CNC Machines CleanTwo Keller Model #455 Tramp Oil Separators Keep Sumps of 20 CNC Machines Clean Model #455 Coolant Purifier is an essential component in the Stevens Manufacturing program for maximizing shop efficiency. Two Keller coolant purifiers, cleaning tramp oil from each of 20 sumps every other week, have increased coolant life from 3 months to one year.  In addition to benefiting machine efficiency, the removal of tramp oil by the Keller purifiers eliminates the source of smoke and odor in the shop air and helps overall housekeeping, as shown by the above illustration of the exceptionally clean Stevens shop.  Model #315 portable unit, with a small bag filter and large oil separation section, is a good choice as a tramp oil separator for sumps with moderate floating solids and a large quantity of tramp oil.  Model #152, operating continuously on one sump, makes a clean split of tramp oil from coolant, even with a slow separating coolant.  Portable Model #365, containing a large bag filter and large oil separation section, is used for sumps with a high tramp oil content and a high loading of floating chips (for example, when cutting aluminum).  Model #455, with the large separator tank, can cleanly separate tramp oil even when a large quantity of oil is present. Well before “Lean Manufacturing” had become the standard term for efficient manufacturing, Stevens Manufacturing Co. (Milford CT), a supplier of precision parts to the aerospace aftermarket, was implementing the principles of lean manufacturing with its on-going process improvement programs. In fact, Steve Fogler Jr., shop manager, credits Stevens’ success in maintaining its competitive position during difficult times to its emphasis on continually upgrading the processes.One aspect of the operation to which Steve has devoted continuing attention is maintenance of the coolant. Stevens runs 20 CNC machines, none older than 10 years, cutting everything from plastics to steel to titanium in relatively short production runs. Their customers, such as Boeing, Sikorsky, and the U. S. government, set extremely tight dimensional and surface finish specifications. Tramp oil and other contaminants in coolant greatly increase the difficulty in meeting the tight specifications. High levels of tramp oil in coolant cause accelerated tool wear, degradation of parts finish, and the requirement to adjust machine settings frequently to achieve the dimensional specifications. In addition, tramp oil in the coolant generates smoke in the shop, plus odor and the potential for operator dermatitis as a consequence of bacteria attack on the oil. Also, when cutting relatively low density materials such as plastics and titanium, the chips which remain suspended in the coolant are picked up by the coolant pump and sprayed onto the working part, compromising the surface finish. In order to maintain product quality and achieve production targets, Stevens was dumping coolant and recharging with new coolant every three months. The cost was substantial––not only the cost of new coolant and disposing of about 100 gallons of spent coolant for each of 20 machines every three months, but also the roughly four hours of labor per machine to drain and clean the sump, and replenish the coolant. In addition, each machine is down during coolant changeover.Steve Fogler recognized that the coolant problem had to be solved in order to improve shop efficiency and reduce costs. It was clear that belt or disc skimmers, a conventional method for removing tramp oil from sumps, would not address the Stevens requirements, because a skimmer does not create circulation in a sump and therefore is ineffective on larger sumps, and a skimmer does not reduce the quantity of solids suspended in the coolant. To improve the situation significantly, Stevens required a coolant purifier which would separate tramp oil efficiently, recirculate the coolant at high rate even when the machine tool is idle, and filter to remove suspended chips.In 1998, Stevens purchased a coolant purifier supplied by Keller Products, Inc. (Lexington MA), which met all these requirements. With the new purifier, coolant life was immediately extended from 3 months to one year. After recently adding several new machining centers, Stevens purchased a second Keller coolant purifier, the Model #455 Separator. Steve Fogler says, “The money saved on hauling waste coolant and buying new coolant by greatly extending the coolant life is only a small part of the savings. The biggest saving is in the labor and downtime to dump, clean, and recharge the sumps of 20 machines every three months.”A Keller coolant purifier operates by pulling oily coolant from the surface of the sump via a compact inlet device and then through a high capacity bag filter to remove suspended solids. The coolant/tramp oil mixture, free of solids, is pumped through the patented Keller oil separator elements, which are immersed in a plastic tank. The permanent oil separator elements, constructed from stacks of plastic discs with fine flow passages, efficiently split oil from coolant at high flow velocity, creating the opportunity to design high flow rate separators in compact packages. The cleaned coolant is continuously returned to the sump, and the tramp oil collected in the separator tank is drained to a waste oil container periodically, usually once per day. A sump typically can be cleaned in a few hours, and then the pump/separator can be easily moved to another sump and set up to run in about five minutes. The Keller separator, which requires only a 1/4-inch compressed air line for operation, can be run while the machine tool is operating or when shut down.Despite the fact that the Model #455 is the largest separator in the Keller line, capable of treating individual sumps up to 1000 gallons, it requires only 20” x 30” of floor space and is easily portable. With a coolant recirculation rate of 180 gallons per hour, a Model #455 can clean a 100 gallon sump in less than two hours. Steve Fogler says, “I can easily cover the whole shop with the two Keller units. I run for about one or two hours every other week on each sump, and the coolant looks like swimming pool water.” The resulting operating benefits are: improved machine efficiency, extended tool life, better parts finish, and greatly reduced machine downtime. Another advantage to operating with clean coolant, obvious to any visitor, is the overall cleanliness of the Stevens shop and the absence of smoke in the air which can be caused by tramp oil in the coolant.Steve Fogler says, “To stay competitive, I have to stay lean, and to me lean means minimizing time spent on non-value-added projects. Lean isn’t about not spending money, and it is not always about exotic new machines or programs. Sometimes lean is just making sure your existing assets are operating at maximum efficiency. Our coolant maintenance system is an important element in our on-going program to maximize operating efficiency.” #555-09 Large Floating Inlet Device works perfectly even in the presence of floating aluminum chips.  #555-05 Compact Floating Inlet Device, in a typical installation, sweeps tramp oil from the sump surface. Portable Pump/Filter Unit Helps Precision Machine Shop Cut Costs DramaticallyPortable Pump/Filter Unit Helps Precision Machine Shop Cut Costs Dramatically    Hayn Enterprises, LLC (Rocky Hill CT), established in 1960, is a leading manufacturer of turnbuckles and cable hardware for the marine and architectural industries. Primarily machining type 316 stainless steel exclusively, they utilize 8 Swiss CNC machines, an Okuma mill, two CNC turret lathes, and a Mazak mill, all machining with cutting oil. Hayn engineers found that the condition of the cutting oil was contributing to some difficult quality and production problems.According to Ted Beger, supervisor of the machine shop, fragments from the machining process were accumulating in the oil, and the these fragments were embedding in the 316SS during various machining operations. The result was thread galling and parts rusting. In addition, the fragments in the cutting oil were in turn accelerating the wear on the tooling, leading to poor tooling life and abbreviated filter life in the bag filters on the high pressure coolant systems.While researching possible solutions to the problem of contaminants in the cutting oil, Hayn engineers visited a trade show exhibit of products by Keller Products, Inc. Keller supplies complete lines of equipment for filtering and purifying cutting oil and water-base coolant. The particular Keller unit of interest to the Hayn engineers was the PFA-1002, a portable pump/filter unit which is designed to remove solids from cutting oil or coolant in machine tool sumps without the need to pump out or shovel out the sumps. The PFA-1002 pump/filter unit contains a rugged, high flow rate air-operated diaphragm pump and a high capacity bag filter which removes solids as fine as 1 micron, mounted in a frame on a compact cart. With a recirculation rate of 20 gallons per minute, the PFA-1002 completely cleans fines and chips from a typical sump in minutes, and then is easily moved to another sump and set up to run simply by connecting a 1/4″ compressed air line. With no electricals, the unit is inherently fireproof. The self-priming pump pulls the cutting oil from the sump through a large diameter vacuum hose into the bag filter and continuously pumps the filtered liquid back to the sump at high flow velocity. The force of the filtered liquid discharge scours the bottom of the sump and keeps chips and fines suspended in the oil for pickup by the inlet hose. Because the oil is not drained from the sump during the brief cleaning operation, the machine tool need not be taken offline for solids removal. Routine maintenance on the pump/filter unit consists of changing or emptying the filter bag when the pumping rate slows. In many applications, the filter bag may be emptied and reused a number of times.The Hayn engineers purchased one PFA-1002 to service all twelve machines in the shop. Ted Beger reports that with the PFA-1002 in service tooling life has improved by 40 to 50 percent. The galling and rusting problems have been virtually eliminated so that they now have no scrap due to contaminated cutting oils. The filter bag life in the high pressure systems has tripled. He says that all these improvements were obtained at relatively low pump/filter unit operating. Ted Beger says, ‘The PFA-1002 was a low cost and convenient solution to difficult and expensive quality and production problems. I would recommend this product to anyone doing precision machine work with straight oil.”Portable Pump/Filter Unit Takes Chips from Cutting Oil to Improve Efficiency of Swiss Screw Machine ShopPortable Pump/Filter Unit Takes Chips from Cutting Oil to Improve Efficiency of Swiss Screw Machine Shop Keeping oil clean in the machines is an important part of running an efficient shop.  The PFA-1002 pulls solids laden oil from the sumpthrough the bag filter, and the pump returns the filtered oil to the sump at high flow rate.
Filtering oil reclaimed from the chip spinning process is another application for the PFA-1002. CSI Manufacturing, Southboro, MA, is a Swiss CNC screw machine shop specializing in high precision components for fluid controls, aerospace, weapons, and telecommunication devices, fabricated from a variety of metals, including steel, brass, and aluminum. CSI, a partner in a group of eight companies in New England and Europe offering one source turning solutions, operates 16 CNC machines 20+ hours per day, 7 days per week. Steve Doody, President and founder of CSI, says that the intensive production schedule, while desirable for the health of the business, presented him with some nagging operating problems. Because of the volume of relatively small parts running steadily in the machines, the concentration of small chips and fines in the oil increased rapidly to interfere with machine performance. The small chips were entering the gundrills, causing tool breakage and loss of finish on parts, leading to unacceptable reject rates and unscheduled machine stoppages. The resulting cleaning of the machines led to further downtime and also put additional burdens on the housekeeping crew, since Steve prides himself on a clean and orderly shop.Steve discussed the problem of solids buildup in the oil with his Swiss machine supplier. The supplier knew that customers had successfully addressed similar problems using the Keller Products PFA-1002 pump/filter unit and recommended that Steve contact Keller. The PFA-1002 can clean suspended solids and settled sludge from a sump in about 30 minutes or less, without the need to pump out the machine tool. It contains a high capacity bag filter to filter as fine as 5 microns and a pump which recycles up to 20 gallons per minute of clean oil to the sump. Since the pump is driven by compressed air and there are no electrical components, the system is inherently fireproof, an important benefit when processing straight oils. Mounted on a 20″ x 30″ cart, the easily portable PFA-1002 is wheeled to the side of the sump, the inlet and outlet hoses are positioned in the sump, and a shop 1/4” compressed air line is connected. Setting up at a sump requires about 5 minutes. The dirty oil is pulled from the sump through the 1 1/2″ inlet hose, filtered by the bag filter, and continuously returned to the sump. The force of the clean discharge can be used to scour the bottom of the sump to resuspend settled solids for pickup by the inlet line. The sump is never emptied, and the machine tool can run for extended periods without additional maintenance.Steve Doody purchased one PFA-1002, and he reported that the problems he was having with solids in the sumps were virtually eliminated. CSI operates the PFA-1002 for a few hours every day to clean each of the 16 sumps about once per week. As a result of this simple and inexpensive cleaning schedule, Steve Doody says, “Machines can complete their scheduled runs unattended, quality problems have been eliminated, and tool life is greatly extended. Our production efficiency is much improved because we no longer have to shut machines down to service the sumps. In addition to these quantifiable improvements, the operators appreciate the elimination of a very unpopular task, and I appreciate the fact that we have less oil to clean off the shop floor.”Steve Doody was pleased to learn of an additional application for which the PFA-1002 is well suited. He found he could use the portable pump/filter to remove suspended solids from the oil reclaimed from the chip spinner, which is typically loaded with fines. The self-priming pump on the PFA-1002 allows Steve to pump the filtered oil from the chip spinning process into a 55-gallon drum, which he then moves through the shop to top off machines with oil as needed.With the number of machine tools in service at CSI and the versatility demonstrated by the Keller PFA-1002, Steve Doody purchased a second unit to ensure that his shop maintenance needs are being met. To summarize the impact of the PFA-1002 on his shop, Steve says, “In my opinion, this is the perfect example of the application of Lean Manufacturing initiatives––specifically, the elimination of non-value-added time. My shop was built on the concept of being able to produce parts automatically, only to be challenged by solids buildup in the oil. Then, for a modest investment (about $2,500 each), the two PFA-1002 units have allowed me to increase shop throughput, avoid unscheduled shutdowns, eliminate several problems relating to part finishes, greatly reduce labor costs associated with sump maintenance, and improve overall shop cleanliness and working conditions. Considering the investment in top-line CNC machines, tooling, and producing the part itself, ensuring that we run with clean oil just made sense.”Problem of Solids Buildup in Sumps Solved for Specialty Machine ShopProblem of Solids Buildup in Sumps Solved for Specialty Machine Shop The portable PFA-1002 can clean a sump in 30 minutes or less, without emptying the coolant from the sump. To set up at another sump simply connect a 1/4-inch compressed air line.  Aluminum chips and fines in the filter bag are dumped, and the bag can be reused several times. Replacement filter bags cost $7.00 each.  The PFA-1002, mounted on a 20” x 30” cart, can easily be moved into a tight space on the shop floor. With 8-foot inlet and outlet hoses, the unit can be positioned several feet from the sump. Bradford Machine Co. (Brattleboro VT), a precision specialty shop making medical components and other close-tolerance products, faced a time-consuming and expensive problem with buildup of chips and sludge in the sumps of the machines. Bradford operates 14 CNC’s, 6 mills, 5 lathes, and 3 EDM machines, cutting primarily aluminum and exotic steels. John Therrien, shop manager, says, “On the milling machines, chip buildup in the coolant caused the pump to clog and cut off coolant flow. Also, chips packing in the sump could result in coolant overflow onto the floor. On the smaller sumps, it takes four hours to pump out the coolant, shovel muck from the bottom of the sump, wipe down the machine, and pump back fresh coolant. On the large mill it’s an eight hour project. Since the mills are operated two shifts, five days per week, shutting down for 4 to 8 hours for a complete cleanout was done only when absolutely necessary. On the lathes, the buildup of fines in the coolant adversely affected the surface finish and required replacing the coolant every few months. Plus, the cost of waste disposal is constantly increasing.”Therrien’s objective was to find a method for cleaning out the solids without the need for shoveling out the sumps. He tested an air-driven vacuum head fitted on a 55 gallon drum. Although the device removed the coolant from the sump, it left behind a considerable quantity of solids in the corners of the sump. In addition, it used so much compressed air that the air pressure at the machines fell below the low pressure alarm level. Therrien also considered a large portable filter and vacuum tank system, but decided that it would be impractical in the tight spaces of his shop. The problem of buildup of solids in the sumps remained unsolved until Therrien learned that Keller Products, Inc. (Lexington, MA), who previously supplied an efficient tramp oil separator to Bradford, had introduced a new pump/filter unit, PFA-1002, which looked promising as a practical solution to the problem.The PFA-1002 incorporates a high capacity bag filter and a high flow rate air-operated diaphragm pump, mounted on a compact (20” x 30”) cart. The mixture of coolant and solids is pulled through a large diameter inlet hose into the bag filter, which removes all solids as fine as 5 microns. The filtered coolant is returned to the sump under pump pressure at 20 gallons per minute. The force of the pressurized liquid discharge scours the bottom of the sump and keeps chips and sludge suspended in the sump for pickup by the inlet hose. The PFA-1002 can clean settled and suspended solids from a typical sump in 15 to 30 minutes. The machine tool is shut down during the brief cleaning period, but there is no need to take it off line, in contrast to the 4 to 8 hours of machine downtime required to pump the sump dry and shovel out the solids. With only a 1/4-inch compressed air line connection (no electricals), the cart-mounted PFA–1002 may be moved to another sump and set up to operate in minutes. The only maintenance required is to empty or change the filter bag when the pumping rate slows. When filtering relatively dry solids, such as aluminum chips, the filter bag may be emptied and reused multiple times. A new filter bag costs $7.00. Bradford is using water soluble coolants, but the PFA-1002 is equally effective removing solids from cutting oils.Bradford has been using the Keller PFA-1002 to maintain the sumps in all the mills and lathes since last year. John says, “We now clean each of the sumps in rotation as needed, usually once in three or four weeks, during scheduled Friday afternoon maintenance. We can do a quick cleaning in 15 minutes, or a more complete cleaning in about 30 minutes by pulling the conveyor. The cleaning operation is usually a one man job.” Because there is essentially no holdup volume in the PFA-1002, the unit may be rotated among different coolants without mixing. John Therrien has concluded, “The use of the PFA-1002 has eliminated machine inefficiencies caused by excessive solids in the coolant, eliminated unscheduled machine downtime for sump cleanouts, greatly reduced the man hours devoted to coolant maintenance, and completely eliminated the unpopular task of shoveling solids from the sumps.” Needless to say, both shop management and shop operators are very pleased with the performance of the PFA-1002.High Precision Shop Solves the Problem of Solids Buildup in Screw Machine Cutting Oil with Portable Pump/Filter UnitHigh Precision Shop Solves the Problem of Solids Buildup in Screw Machine Cutting Oil with Portable Pump/Filter Unit Supplied with 8 foot inlet and outlet hoses and a self-priming pump, the PFA-1002 can easily access any sump.  The portable PFA-1002 Pump/Filter Unit filters solids from the sumps of 9 screw machines at Marox Corp.  The PFA-1002 is an important component in the Marox Corp. scrupulous housekeeping program. Marox Corporation (Holyoke, MA) is a contract manufacturer specializing in high precision machining of implants, external fixations, and surgical instruments for the medical industry, plus components with demanding specifications for the aerospace industry. Having celebrated its 50th year in business last year, Marox has 65 employees running two full shifts, 7 days per week, in a modern facility built in 2000. Brian Rosenkranz, Vice President, attributes Marox’s success to their decision to stay at the cutting edge of manufacturing technology. They utilize up-to-date concepts such as lean manufacturing and high-tech integrated computer systems. To ensure total quality control, Marox performs most operations in house and jobs out very little. Their products are manufactured from stainless steel, titanium, aluminum, and other specialty metals and polymers on modern CNC equipment, such as palletized horizontal machining centers, five-axis vertical machining centers, and up to twelve-axis swiss type screw machines. Because Marox’s customers rely on their “Dock-to-Stock” deliveries, down-time of machines is not an option for them. Marox makes a point of maintaining an exceptionally clean shop to demonstrate both to their customers and their employees that meticulous work and total attention to cleanliness are essential elements of their products. In fact, Brian Rosenkranz likes to say that his customers would not feel out of place coming from an operating room into his shop.Marox has 9 new CNC screw machines which utilize cutting oil as the working fluid and 15 CNC millers with water-base coolant. Buildup of solids in the cutting oil in the screw machines was causing major problems in shop housekeeping, obviously a serious concern for Marox, as well as generating significant costs for unproductive labor and machine downtime. As described by Michael Consolmagno, Vice President of the Marox CNC Turning Unit, the problems caused by buildup of solids in the sumps of the screw machines, particularly critical with the new design machines, are:Chips and fines plug the coolant pump inlet screens, causing the low flow alarm to shut down the machine.A high concentration of fines in the coolant loop compromises the finish on precision parts.When the high pressure coolant pump is utilized, about 20% of the time, solids rapidly plug the filters in the high pressure loop, requiring frequent machine shutdowns to change the filter bag.Until recently, the only solution that Marox had to the problem of excessive solids in the oil was to shut down the machine and manually rake and shovel the solids from the sump. The economic costs for this non-productive (and unpopular) function are the machine downtime and the use of skilled labor. Even in the new screw machines, the sumps are not readily accessible for solids raking or shoveling. Mike Consolmagno estimates three hours of machine downtime and labor to clean one sump. In addition to the economic costs, the manual sump cleaning and chip handling unavoidably produced oily deposits that challenged the Marox scrupulous housekeeping program.The problem of solids buildup in the sumps was solved literally overnight when the salesman from Keller Products, Inc. (Lexington, MA) introduced to Mike Consolmagno the new portable pump/filter unit PFA-1002. The Keller PFA-1002 can clean settled and suspended solids from a sump without the need to drain the sump or shovel the solids. The PFA-1002 contains a high capacity bag filter and a high flow rate air-operated pump, mounted on a compact (20” x 30”) cart. With the inlet and outlet hoses inserted in the sump, the mixture of solids and oil is pulled into the bag filter, which removes all solids as fine as 5 microns, and the filtered oil is continuously returned to the sump under pump pressure at 20 gallons per minute. The force of the pressurized liquid discharge scours the bottom of the sump and keeps chips and sludge suspended in the sump for pickup by the inlet hose. The PFA-1002 can clean settled and suspended solids from a typical sump in 60 minutes or less. Requiring only a 1/4” compressed air line for operation (no electricals), the cart mounted pump/filter unit can be moved to another sump and set up to run in minutes. The only maintenance required is to empty or change the filter bag when the pumping rate slows or stops. Replacement filter bags cost $7.00 each. The self-priming diaphragm pump has a suction lift of 15 feet and can be run dry or dead-ended without damage.Marox now utilizes one PFA-1002 to service all nine CNC screw machines. Mike Consolmagno says that treating each sump with the pump/filter unit for about one hour each week eliminates the screen plugging and parts finish problems associated with solids buildup in the sumps, and at the same time completely eliminates the messy and time consuming pump-out and shoveling operations. Now the machine tool is not taken off line for the sump cleaning. Since Marox uses two types of cutting oil, Mike particularly likes the feature that the self-priming pump on the PFA-1002 completely drains the bag filter on the separator after a sump is treated so that the next sump can be treated without mixing oils. He also points out that although on many of the machines access to the sumps is severely limited, the 8 foot lengths of both the inlet and outlet hoses and the fact that the pump on the PFA-1002 is self-priming permit quickly setting up and operating the unit on even the most difficult sumps, without significant sump modifications.Marox also uses the PFA-1002 to reduce the solids load on the high pressure filter when the high pressure oil pump is operating. The PFA-1002 is set up with the inlet hose positioned in the sump remote from the high pressure pump inlet and the outlet hose discharges filtered oil into the vicinity of the pump inlet. With the PFA-1002 operating in conjunction with the high pressure pump, the solids load in the high pressure pumping circuit is greatly reduced, and the time between bag changes on the high pressure filter is significantly increased.To sum up the benefits of the Keller unit, Mike Consolmagno says, “The PFA-1002 is rugged and easy to use. It works exactly as described, with negligible operating cost, and it has eliminated several costly problems. No more pumping out and shoveling out sumps, no more problems of fines affecting parts finishes, no more short runs with the high pressure coolant filter, and with one PFA-1002 it is far easier for us to maintain our high standards of housekeeping in the entire shop.”Medical Instrument Manufacturer Elminates Difficult Coolant Line Plugging Problem with Simple Filtration SolutionMedical Instrument Manufacturer Elminates Difficult Coolant Line Plugging Problem with Simple Filtration Solution All the steps from machining raw metal to assembling finished packs are performed in two shift 20 hour operation.  Complete medical instrument procedure packs are supplied "ready for the operating room".  The XS075-2130 filter assembly contains one 100 micron permanent cleanable filter element.  The Keller XS075-2130 filter is installed by the shop between the coolant pump and the manifold that splits the coolant flow to the spray nozzles. A Massachusetts manufacturer of complete operating room packs meets the strictest medical instrument specifications by performing in-house all operations necessary to deliver procedure packs “ready for the operating room.” To achieve total in-house control over all operations, the manufacturer machines the raw stock, does laser welding as required, labels the instruments, manufactures the instrument packages, and assembles the instruments in the procedure packs. This approach to the market requires developing a diverse range of manufacturing expertise and capabilities, and also demands the ability to make quick changes on the fly throughout the process whenever a customer changes delivery schedules or product requirements.To stay abreast of this dynamic production situation, they run a two shift 20 hour operation, and lost production time is not tolerable. Unfortunately, they experienced frequent unscheduled machine downtime as a result of plugging in the coolant delivery lines of two new vertical machining centers, which are equipped with 3/4” to 1/4” lines to feed the through-the-spindle coolant and five coolant nozzles. Loss of coolant flow automatically shuts down the machines, which often run unattended. The coolant line plugging problem was particularly troublesome when machining titanium because the light titanium fines, which float in the sump, are picked up by the coolant pump and pumped into the spindle and coolant nozzle lines. Maintenance found that about every two weeks the fines would pack into the coolant delivery lines and back up 12” from the discharge nozzles and spindle. It was then necessary to shut down the machine, pull off all the nozzles and bellows covers and clean the lines. This operation is performed by a man in a cramped space in the machine for 3 to 4 hours, obviously not a popular job for the machine operator. More important for management, each of the two machine tools was off-line for 3 to 4 hours every two weeks, when every production hour was urgently needed.The shop maintenance supervisor recognized that it should be possible to alleviate or even eliminate the plugging problem by filtering out the solids downstream from the pump, before the line splits into the coolant distribution manifold. Since he was quite satisfied with the performance of two portable pump/separator units to remove tramp oil from the coolant he had previously purchased from Keller Products (Acton MA), he decided to contact Keller for a possible solution to the coolant line plugging problem. The Keller salesman immediately recommended the Model XS075–2130 stainless steel and brass filter housing containing a 100 micron Keller permanent cleanable filter element. The rugged housing, about 4” diameter by 14” high with 3/4” inlet and outlet ports, is easily installed by the shop in the coolant delivery line. The Keller proprietary permanent filter element, which fits all standard cartridge filter housings, has a much higher flow rate at low pressure drop than a similar size disposable filter element. The cleanable filter element is constructed of thin plastic discs with precisely sized grooves, mounted on a plastic core. The large internal filter surface area provides excellent solids holding capacity and long runs between cleanings. When cleaning is required, the element is removed from the housing, and the discs separate to a stop on the core. The all-plastic element can then be cleaned in a bucket of water, by washing with a hose, or in a parts cleaner. Any shop cleaning agent or solvent can be used. The Keller filters with permanent elements, available in ratings from 40 mesh to 300 mesh (50 micron) and flow rates to 150 gallons per minute, are ideal for any through-the-spindle or through-the-tool applications.The XS075–2130 assemblies were installed in the coolant line on each of the two machines. A spare cleanable filter element was purchased for each filter housing. The result: the coolant line plugging problems have completely disappeared, the 3 to 4 hours of unscheduled downtime per machine every two weeks have been eliminated, and the machines can run unattended without danger of shutdown because of loss of coolant flow. The only filter maintenance required is to remove the dirty filter element and replace it with the clean standby element once every two weeks, a task of about 5 minutes. The dirty element is then cleaned and stored for the next cycle. The maintenance supervisor says, “The Keller filters completely eliminated unacceptable machine downtime, and the machines are now running at maximum productivity. The filters are relatively inexpensive and were easy to install. The Keller filters are a simple solution to a difficult production problem.”Pump/Separator for Coolant Management Viewed as Production Enhancement ToolReprinted from MAN/MODERN APPLICATIONS NEWS, April 2002Pump/Separator for Coolant Management Viewed as Production Enhancement ToolClean coolant can produce benefits well beyond the traditional "environmental" issues, especially with large sumps and high-pressure systems. A 2 gallon per minute portable pump/filter/ separator unit can keep clean up to 10 sumps in rotation. Note the layer of tramp oil in the separator tank.  A 1 gallon per minute portable pump/filter separator unit may be positioned permanently in tight quarters at a single sump. The elimination of “Monday morning odor,” reducing coolant waste, and improving in-shop working conditions are frequently sufficient reasons for installation of coolant cleaning equipment and coolant management programs. However, Jonathan Strauss, sales manager, Keller Products, Inc. (Lexington, MA), maintains there are major production and profit benefits that also may be gained.“Three of the most expensive items in the shop are the machining centers, the tooling, and the part they are cutting; and the coolant is in contact with all three,” advises Strauss. He adds that in-shop experience has shown that degradation of the coolant will result in abbreviated tool life, poor parts finish, excessive downtime for machine maintenance, and frequent coolant pump-out. “Relatively low-cost coolant cleaning equipment can address all these problems,” says Strauss.As shops invest in high-pressure coolant systems and through-the-spindle cooling, it is more important to view coolant-cleaning equipment as an aid to productivity, because clean coolant is less likely to foam in these applications.For small sumps, belt- and disc-type skimmers adequately perform the task of tramp oil removal. However for large sumps or sumps with heavy loads of tramp oil or solids, a pump/separator unit that incorporates a filter may provide additional benefits. A pump/separator unit continuously recirculates the coolant filtering suspended solids and separating tramp oil. A typical unit consists of an inlet device positioned in the sump to pull oily coolant primarily from the sump surface, a prefilter for solids removal, an air-operated diaphragm pump, and a tramp oil separation sec- tion. A unit like this may be run when the machine tool is operating or shut-down.Pump/separator units may be permanently installed to serve a single large sump, or a portable unit may be rotated among several machine sumps to clean each sump at least once a week. A single portable unit capable of serving multiple machines makes the coolant cleaning investment more attractive for many shops. Coolant TestThe first step in se-lecting a pump/separator unit, explains Strauss, is to determine the oil rejection properties of the coolant being used. “The better a coolant rejects oil, the easier it is to keep clean and the longer it can be maintained in the sump,” he notes. “A fresh coolant with good oil rejection characteristics will readily split-out the tramp oil (or way oil) to the surface of the sump, if the coolant is allowed to stand for 30 minutes.”30 April 2002 www.modernapplicationsnews.comA floating inlet device pulls oily coolant into the separator from the sump surface and automatically compensates for changes in sump liquid level. When aluminum is being machined, the inlet device and separator unit must be capable of handling a large quantity of suspended solids.   One Model #455 (foreground) and one Model #355
(background) maintain all sumps in one shop.  One Model #355 keeps sumps of 10 machines
clean in a precision machine shop.  #555-05 Compact Floating Inlet Device, in a typical
installation, sweeps tramp oil from the sump surface. A simple field-test of the condition of the coolant is to take a sample of the coolant from the sump while it is running and allow the sample to stand for 30 minutes. Oil that separates to the top of this sample will be removed by an efficient pump/separator unit. Only a fraction of the oil that remains dispersed or emulsified in the bulk of the coolant after 30 minutes will be removed by a pump/separator or a skimmer unit.Because the oil rejection ability of any coolant diminishes over time, a good recommendation is to select a separator specifically designed to work with slow-separating coolants. “Rather that trying to reclaim spent coolants,” suggests Strauss, “the better approach is to start with fresh coolant and maintain it properly.”The size of the circulating pump on a separator is determined by the size of the sump. For sumps up to about 100 gal., a unit with a recir-culation rate of 60 gal./hr. should be sufficient. Larger sumps may require units capable of 120 gal./hr.The materials being machined also have a major impact on the type of separator to be used. “If the shop machines more than 25% combined of materials that produce a large quantity of suspended solids, such as aluminum, cast iron, brass, copper, plastics, and titanium, the pump/ separator unit should be equipped with a high-capacity pre-filter, usually a bag filter, to protect the pump on the separator and prevent build-up of sludge in the oil separation section,” says Strauss.By viewing coolant management as a production enhancer, rather than solely an environmental improvement option, shops can more accurately gauge whether this approach is cost-justified.“A regular coolant management pro-gram can greatly increase tool life, improve parts finish, reduce downtime due to untimely pump-outs, and improve the overall condition of the machining center,” stresses Strauss. Keller Products, Inc.Portable Pump/Filter Unit Solves Difficult and Costly Problems for Precision Machine ShopPortable Pump/Filter Unit Solves Difficult and Costly Problems for Precision Machine Shop Keller PFA-1002 Pump/Filter unit cleaning machine sump. (Model shown with optional cartridge filters on pump discharge.)  Keller PFA-1002 Pump/Filter unit open for service. Brooks Precision Machining Inc., a rapidly growing New England shop specializing in aluminum sub-assemblies and complex components for a variety of industries, was faced with the problem of buildup of aluminum fines in the machine sumps. The fines buildup was limiting coolant life and required frequent stoppages to clean out the sumps. Eric Brooks, Operations Manager, assumed responsibility for solving the problem. An inquiry to a local distributor led Eric to Keller Products Inc. (Acton MA). Keller Products specializes in filtration and separation solutions designed to keep coolant as clean as possible for as long as possible in the machine sumps. A quick review of the situation led Keller to recommend the portable pumpffilter system Model PFA-1002.The PFA-1002 pump filter unit contains a rugged, high flow rate air-operated diaphragm pump and a high capacity bag filter which removes solids as fine as 1 micron, mounted on a compact cart. With a recirculation rate of 20 gallons per minute, the PFA-1AO2 completely cleans fines and chips from a typical sump in minutes, and then is easily moved to another sump and set up to run simply by connecting a ¼” compressed air iine. With no electricals, the unit is inherently explosion-proof. The self-priming pump pulls the coolant from the sump through a large diameter vacuum hose into the bag filter, and continuously pumps the filtered liquid back to the sump at high velocity. The force of the filtered liquid discharge scours the bottom of the sump and keeps chips and fines suspended in the coolant for pickup by the inlet hose. Because the coolant is not drained from the sump during the brief cleaning operation, the machine tool need not be taken offline for solids removal, thus minimizing downtime. Routine maintenance on the pump filter unit consists of changing or emptying the filter bag when the pumping rate slows. In many applications, particularly when filtering aluminum, the filter hag may be emptied and reused a number of times. Keller PFA-1002 Aluminum fine fill filter bag right to the top.  Filter bag full of aluminum fines removed from the Keller PFA-1002 filter housing. Brooks purchased one PFA-1002 to service all 16 machines in the shop. Eric Brooks reports that with the PFA-1002 the requirement to pump out the machine sumps has been completely eliminated. The reduction in downtime and labor and the corresponding increase in productivity has allowed Brooks to maintain on-time deliveries even during their dramatic growth. Eric says that these improvements were obtained at the relatively low cost of the pump filter unit. He says, “The PFA-1002 was an inexpensive and convenient solution to difficult and costly production problems. I would recommend this product to anyone doing precision machine work on aluminum parts.”Aerospace Shop Solves Contaminated Coolant ProblemPortable Pump/Filter Unit Solves Difficult and Costly Problems for Precision Machine Shop Part of Paramount Machines’ immaculate aerospace machine shop floor. Ron McLeish, Facilities Manager at Paramount Machine, needed a way to keep the coolant clean in his 40+ machines. As an AS 9100 certified shop, Paramount is always looking for ways to reduce its environmental footprint, and recycling coolant was a key component to reducing its overall waste stream. A search for a solution led McLeish to Keller Prod- ucts, provider of metalworking fluid recycling products.The visit from Paramount’s local Keller representative focused on several larger machines that would use the Keller TKO units to keep them clean. However, McLeish had re- quirements beyond those areas, and was looking for solu- tions to be dedicated to the rest of the machines in the shop. McLeish found that the Keller MB 17-SK Black Magic skim- mer package best fit his needs.The Black Magic skimmer package incorporates elements that eliminate two classic problems with skimmers: excess coolant removal and messy, overflowing collection buckets. The Keller skimmer package features a cotton felt belt, which is designed to provide enhanced oil removal and durability. The skimmed fluid is delivered to a “Skimallessor” tank, which collects the oil and returns and coolant back to the sump. The entire package is contained in a convenient bracket that is adjustable, and utilizes a magnetic mount for easy installation.McLeish installed the first skimmer package on a large Matsuura to check the performance. “The results were excellent,” he said. “The sump was clean, and the oil drained from the Keller skimmer was solid oil. It eliminated coolant waste.” A plan was made to purchase enough units, over a period of time, to satisfy the requirements for the whole shop.As for the benefits of the program, McLeish stated, “If dirty coolant machined better, no one would ever dump it. Keeping the coolant clean yields better tool life, better part finishes, less downtime and less waste. For the cost of these units, the payback is immediate.”Paramount is a family owned and operated machine shop. “We pride ourselves on delivering quality parts, and recognize the importance of investing in ongoing shop maintenance items to improve performance and keep operating costs down,” said McLeish. The Keller MB 17-SK skimmer package on one of Paramount’s Hwacheon machines.  The Keller MB 17-SK will return any coolant it removes back to the sump. Any oil removed is held in the unit, and drained on a weekly basis. This eliminates costly coolant loss and messy waste container overflows.  Need to place an order? If you would like to place an order, click “Order Request” and fill out the form, or give us a call at (800) 352-8422 ORDER REQUEST                     
Keller Peter Md in New York, New York with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeNew York, NYKeller Peter MdNew York, NY Keller Peter MdAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Keller, Peter Karl, MD1578 Williamsbridge RdBronx, NY 10461(718) 892-7817Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Peter Halperin MD(12)115 E 61st StNew York, NY 10065(212) 759-7447Physicians & SurgeonsThe service was great. He seemed to know a lot. I felt very comfortable under his care.I would definitely recommend to a friend.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Wisch Peter MD(1)55 E 87th St Ste 1eNew York, NY 10128(212) 369-6900Physicians & SurgeonsDr. Wisch & his staff were So nice and did a great job for me. They saw me right away, they were so nice & really cared about what they were doing a…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Dr. Peter Jeff Charap, MD234 Central Park WNew York, NY 10024(212) 579-2200Physicians & SurgeonsFrom Business: Dr. Peter Charap, MD is one of the country's most highly rated doctors. His specialties include internal medicine and he currently practices medicine at New york,…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Dr. Peter Richard Halper, MD10 Union Sq ENew York, NY 10003(212) 253-9311Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteFrom Business: Peter R. Halper, M.D. has been with Gramercy Park Physicans, LLP since 1988. Board certified in Internal Medicine and Geriatric Medicine, Dr. Halper maintains a b…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Dr. Peter J. Zeale, MD275 7th AveNew York, NY 10001(646) 660-9998Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteFrom Business: Similar to concierge medicine, Dr. Peter J. Zeale, MD provides patients with fully personalized and attentive care. Board-certified internal medicine doctor, his …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Dr. Peter E Legnani, MD1751 York AveNew York, NY 10128(212) 369-2490Physicians & Surgeons,...WebsiteFrom Business: Peter Legnani graduated with a Bachelor of Sciences from the Columbia University School of Engineering and Applied Sciences in 1991, where he was inducted into Ta…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Dr. Peter Faries, MD5 E 98th StNew York, NY 10029(212) 241-6500Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteFrom Business: Specializing in surgery and vascular surgery, Dr. Peter Faries, MD is one of the country's best rated doctors. He currently treats patients in New york, New York.…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Dr. Peter M Pasley, MD29 Washington Sq W Apt 1cNew York, NY 10011(212) 982-5551Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Dr. Peter M Okin, MD520 E 70th StNew York, NY 10021(212) 746-4688Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection11. Peter David Stetson622 W 168th StNew York, NY 10032(212) 305-5138Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection12. D'orazio, Peter, MD201 Varick StNew York, NY 10014(212) 337-2282Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Dr. Peter D Lowitt, MD60 E 8th St Apt 5pNew York, NY 10003(212) 228-9268Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. Weseley, Peter E, MD310 E 14th StNew York, NY 10003(212) 677-2000Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Peter A Sollaccio MD36 7th Ave Ste 504New York, NY 10011(212) 255-1397Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Steinglass Peter Md42 W 15th StNew York, NY 10011(212) 879-4900Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection17. Tofts, Ryu Peter, MD10 Nathan D Perlman PlNew York, NY 10003(901) 227-3255Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Peter Logalbo MD301 E 17th StNew York, NY 10003(212) 598-6516Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Milburn, Peter B, MD314 W 14th StNew York, NY 10014(212) 691-1147Physicians & SurgeonsSkin CareWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Rentrop, K Peter, MD920 BroadwayNew York, NY 10010(212) 475-8066Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. Angelopoulos, Peter, MD423 E 23rd StNew York, NY 10010(212) 686-7500Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Stastny, Peter, MD255 W 23rd StNew York, NY 10011(212) 929-4234Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. Peter Steinglass MD286 5th AveNew York, NY 10001(212) 481-1860Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Della Bella, Peter, MD303 5th AveNew York, NY 10016(718) 424-5960Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection25. Shamamian, Peter, MD530 1st AveNew York, NY 10016(212) 263-7301Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection26. Leroux, Peter, MD530 1st AveNew York, NY 10016(212) 263-8002Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection27. Neuburger, Peter J, MD550 1st AveNew York, NY 10016(212) 263-7300Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection28. Peter B Schiff, MD - Schiff Peter B MD160 E 34th StNew York, NY 10016(212) 731-5770Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Virzi, Peter J, MD55 E 34th StNew York, NY 10016(212) 252-6000Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection30. Nelson, Peter K, MD660 1st AveNew York, NY 10016(212) 263-6008Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteSponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 381results12345NextMap ViewSponsoredMedRite Urgent Care - Westside(1)330 W 42nd St, New York, NY 10036(888) 639-9825Walk In Medical Care-Emergency/General HealthcareWebsiteCouponsMake an AppointmentDirectionsVideoMore InfoMedRite Urgent Care - Eastside(9)919 2nd Ave, New York, NY 10017(888) 984-0253Walk In Medical Care-Emergency/General HealthcareWebsiteCouponsMake an AppointmentDirectionsVideoMore InfoDr. Marina Gafanovich, MD(41)1550 York Ave, New York, NY 10028(212) 249-6218Voted #1 Internist in NYC by Healthgrades.com!WebsiteCouponsDirectionsMore InfoMedRite Urgent Care-Gramercy380 2nd Ave, New York, NY 10010(888) 660-2766Walk In Medical Care-Emergency/General HealthcareWebsiteCouponsMake an AppointmentDirectionsVideoMore InfoAllergy & Asthma Referral Service642 Park Ave, New York, NY 10065(347) 504-6184WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHaber Sol D139 Clinton St, Brooklyn, NY 11201(718) 717-8613WebsiteMake AppointmentDirectionsMore InfoIsland Rehabilitative Services470 Seaview Ave, Staten Island, NY 10305(718) 407-4645State-of-the-Art HemodialysisWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoIsland Nephrology Services, PC470 Seaview Ave, Staten Island, NY 10305(718) 395-9238WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the New York area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


	Keller Heckman |  Professionals | Peter L. de la Cruz

























TSCA Reform Center
PackagingLaw.com







 
                    
                




About Us


Firm Overview

Pro Bono
PackagingLaw.com
TSCA Reform Center
Sitemap 


Our People


Professionals By Name
Professionals By Practice Area
Professionals By Location


practices



Advertising and Promotion
Antitrust
Biotechnology
California's Proposition 65
Business Counseling and Transactional

Chemical Control

Chemical Control REACH
International
TSCA


Employment and Labor
Environmental

Fuels


Environmental and Toxic Tort Litigation

Food and Drug

Food Litigation
Tobacco and E-Vapor


Government Relations
Health and Safety Compliance Audit
Insurance Coverage

Food Litigation






Intellectual Property
International Regulatory Affairs
International Trade
Litigation
Nanotechnology Strategy, Regulation and Defense
Pesticides

Biocidal Products Regulation (BPR)


Privacy and Internet
Product Safety
Product Stewardship, Green Chemistry and Sustainability

REACH
Telecommunications
Trade and Professional Associations
Transportation
Workplace Safety and Health


Locations


Washington, DC Office
EU Offices
San Francisco Office
Shanghai Office


News & Events


News
Events
Press Releases
Media Contacts


Publications
Your Career


Your Career
Benefits
Firm Management
Our Culture
Professional Development
Recruitment
Summer Associate Program
Diversity
Career Opportunities


Contact Us



















                Peter L. de la Cruz
                
            

Senior Counsel
Direct Dial: +1 202.434.4141
Fax: +1 202.434.4646
Professional Assistants: Lois Christopher, Beverly Bolden  and Elena Obregon, Ph: +1 202.434.4346


Print
Vcard
Email


Washington, DC

1001 G Street NW
Suite 500 West
Washington, DC 20001




Peter L. de la Cruz has over 35 years of experience advising clients on antitrust, trade association and regulatory matters. His focus is on chemical regulations, compliance strategies for environmental regulations and product stewardship. His areas of emphasis include statutes on air quality and toxic substance, and occupational safety and health. 
Prior to joining Keller and Heckman, Mr. de la Cruz was an attorney in the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice. For his work for the National Commission for the Review of Antitrust Laws and Procedures (Shenefield Commission) in 1978 and 1979, he received the Justice Department's Special Achievement Award for sustained superior performance. Mr. de la Cruz gained substantial knowledge of the workings of the Food and Drug Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission and other federal agencies while representing those agencies in litigation during his tenure at Justice. Since joining Keller and Heckman in 1980, his practice has included a variety of environmental, food, antitrust and trade association matters. Much of this work has centered on the needs of companies in the plastics, chemicals, and food sectors. Mr. de la Cruz is AV® PreeminentTM Rated by Martindale-Hubbell. 
Representative Engagements:
· SPI: The Plastics Industry Trade Association 
· Styrene Information and Research Center
· The Sulphur Institute
· Vinyl Institute
· Vinyl Siding Institute
Publications:
· Environmental Reporting & Recordkeeping Handbook, Chapter 8 - Air Emissions, with Jean-Cyril Walker (Government Institutes 2003).
· Occupational Safety and Health Law Handbook, Chapter 4 – General Duty Clause (Government Institutes 2001).
· Food for Thought: The Emergence of Power Buyers and its Challenge to Competition Analysis, with W. Borghesani, 4 Stan. J.L. Bus. & Fin. 39 (1997).
· Environmental and Workplace Safety: A Guide for University, Hospital, and School Managers, with J. O'Reilly and P. Hagan, Van Nostrand Reinhold (1996).
· The Clean Air Act Amendments: BNA's Comprehensive Analysis of the New Law, chapter V - Air Toxics, Bureau of National Affairs (1991).


 
 


practicesNews, Events & Articles

Practice Areas

Antitrust
California's Proposition 65
Chemical Control
Environmental
Food & Drug
Health and Safety Compliance Audit
International Trade 
Trade and Professional Associations
Workplace Safety and Health

EducationCornell UniversityB.A. , 1969University of Toledo College of LawJ.D., 1976
Bar Admissions

District of Columbia




MembershipsAmerican Bar Association



News

May 03, 2017        Peter de la Cruz to Attend Plastics 2017 Spring National Board Meeting

Sep 25, 2013        Keller and Heckman Attorneys to Present a Course for the Society for Chemical Hazard Communication 

Oct 18, 2012        Peter de la Cruz, Herb Estreicher, and Eric Gotting to Host a Webinar for Personal Care Products Council Member Companies

Oct 18, 2011        Partner Peter de la Cruz to Speak at Vinyltec 2011

Oct 04, 2011        Peter de la Cruz to Participate in Environmental Law Institute (ELI) webinar

Apr 30, 2010        TSCA Reform Update: Keller and Heckman LLP Hosts Webinar on TSCA REFORM 


Events

Feb 17, 2016        OSHA 30/30 - February 17, 2016

Apr 16, 2015        Webinar: TSCA Reform, Ready for Prime Time?

Aug 20, 2014        OSHA 30/30 - August 20, 2014

Jan 15, 2014        OSHA Inspection of Whistleblower Complaints Based Primarily on Termination Following A Safety Complaint

Dec 18, 2013        OSHA 30/30 - Updates with Manesh Rath


Articles

Feb 24, 2016        New Hazard Alert on Tank Gauging and Sampling for the Oil and Gas Industry 

Oct 04, 2013        What is California Up To? – The Initial List of Candidate Chemicals is Published 

Aug 05, 2013        EPA Proposes Rules to Implement the Formaldehyde Emissions Standards for Composite Wood Products and Deviates Greatly from California's Standard

Aug 05, 2013        Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works Holds Hearing on TSCA Reform

Jun 19, 2013        Dual Column Integrated Presentation of TSCA and CSIA

May 22, 2013        Summary – Chemical Safety Improvement Act of 2013

Apr 24, 2013        Statistical Programs Under Antitrust Scrutiny

See All Articles






Member of





Washington
Brussels
San Francisco
Shanghai
Paris



                             Join our Mailing List

                            Legal Disclaimer 

                            Privacy policy 

                            Extranets 

© 2017 Keller and Heckman LLP. All rights reserved






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 





Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















