



Kessler Douglas C Dc in Belleville, IL 62226 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Illinois
» Belleville
» Chiropractors
» Kessler Douglas C Dc













Kessler Douglas C Dc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2000 N Belt W  Belleville, Illinois 62226


(618) 234-2525


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Kessler Douglas C Dc is located at the address 2000 N Belt W in Belleville, Illinois 62226.  They can be contacted via phone at (618) 234-2525 for pricing, hours and directions.  Kessler Douglas C Dc specializes in Shoulder Pain, Tendon & Ligament Damage, Aches & Pains.  Kessler Douglas C Dc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Kessler Douglas C Dc provides Gentle Treatments, Nutritional Counseling, Packages to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Kessler Douglas C Dc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Kessler Douglas C Dc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Supports
, Vitamins & Minerals
, Beds & Mattresses
, Travel Aids
, Orthotics
, Ergonomics
, Nutritional Supplements
, Hot Packs



SERVICES


Occupational Therapy
, Laser Therapies
, Ultrasound
, Chiropractic Treatments
, chiropractic
, Packages
, Swedish Massage
, Gentle Treatments
, Nutritional Counseling
, Rehabilitation


 SPECIALTIES


Herniated Discs
, Tendon & Ligament Damage
, Chronic Pain
, Work Injuries
, Spasms
, Fatigue
, Sprains & Strains
, Shoulder Pain
, Aches & Pains
, Back Problems



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (618) 234-2525
Phone2: (618) 233-6186
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 53000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Chiropractors
Health Care



People Also Viewed


St Clair County Chir Rehb


3620 N Belt W A  Belleville, Illinois 62226




Belleville Chiropractic Center


7707 W Main St  Belleville, Illinois 62223




Biermann Chiropractic


3964 Boyd Rd  Belleville, Illinois 62223





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM































Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney - Greenwood, Indiana




























	        Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney
		







USA






What are you looking for?
Where is it?








Search


Financial services, pizza delivery...
New York City, San Francisco...











Search companies
pictures
Add your business
Users Access




Trivok
Companies
Indiana
Greenwood
Kessler, Douglas w. Attorney - Greenwood, Indiana






Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney - Greenwood, Indiana

1648 Fry ROAD, Suite A IN 46142 Greenwood (Indiana)





Tweet











Overview
How to get
Contact
Opinions









Contact with Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney company
Do you need more info about this company? Contact now


Ranking Kessler, Douglas w. ...

167.256Trivok Rank
24.018Legal services & Attorneys



Kessler, Douglas w. ... popularity

Online popularity: 12 / 100
Persons who visited this: 81.335



Categories

Accident advocates
Adoption Attorneys
Advocates & Legal adviser
Civil Law Attorneys
Vehicular Accident Attorneys



 Are you the owner?
Improve your ranking and visibility in Trivok completing all the required information of your company.
Edit company data
Add the first company picture


Security Center
Report abuse


 I like this company
Print this page
Tell a friend
Be a fan
Share Business Card
Add this page to 'Favourites'


 You might also like...

Accident advocates in Indiana (36)
Adoption Attorneys in Indiana (36)
Advocates & Legal adviser in Indiana (11)
Civil Law Attorneys in Indiana (38)
Vehicular Accident Attorneys in Indiana (24)



Nearby companies



Smart & Kessler
1648 Fry ROAD, Suite A - IN 46142 Greenwood
0 miles0 min by car






Lowe, Brian Attorney
1648 Fry ROAD, Suite A - IN 46142 Greenwood
0 miles0 min by car






David C. Kolbe P.C. Attorney at Law
221 North Washington Street - IN 46580 Warsaw
112.61 miles1 hours by car






John Maksimovich
1922 North Main Street - IN 46307 Crown Point
140.05 miles1 hours by car






Law Office of James S. Butts, P.C.
119 E Center STREET, Suite B-5 - IN 46580 Warsaw
112.54 miles1 hours by car








Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney information

Find the Vehicular Accident Attorneys service you want at Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney from Indiana.Find the Vehicular Accident Attorneys product you need at Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney.


(317) 885-9126


www.smartkessler.com			    			    



				If you need reliable and trustful service, Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney based at Indiana is the best option.			








Do you know how to arrive here?







Street View link allows you to navigate and get used to the services nearby 1648 Fry ROAD, Suite A, where Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney business is located.









				    This company on your GPS: Latitude: 39.6262710000 Longitude: -86.1565830000
Distance from Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney to Greenwood center is 4.50 miles




5.04 miles from Southport, IN
Estimated time of arrival by car: 8 minutes


7.91 miles from Waterloo, IN
Estimated time of arrival by car: 12 minutes


10.73 miles from Whiteland, IN
Estimated time of arrival by car: 16 minutes


11.21 miles from West Newton, IN
Estimated time of arrival by car: 17 minutes






Trivok Level
(304 points)










Rate Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney services, quality and price using Trivok Level



Share your opinion with Trivok Community on Facebook










			Fill in this application form to contact with Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney :
		




1.- Contact information


* Name / Company
* Email 






Phone / Mobile
Province





- Select a province -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




2.- Query details


* Query reason



 Information & Inquiries  Request For Quotation  Make an appointment / Book  Exchange between businesses  


* Subject





* Message

















 I have read and accept the  Terms of Use  and the  Privacy Policy..



Send e-mail










From






For example: Central Park - New York City



Until
				1648 Fry ROAD, Suite A
				IN 46142 Greenwood (Indiana)




Select your State and find out how to get to Kessler, Douglas W. Attorney :

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

















Search companies
Add your business
Users Access






info@trivok.com | © 2012 Trivok.com



Business Services

Add your business 
Users Access
Contact



About Trivok

Legal notice
Privacy policy
Terms of use











Services | Kessler Douglas W Atty Greenwood, IN 46142 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeAttorneys near Greenwood, INKessler Douglas W AttyServicesKessler Douglas W Atty1648 Fry Rd Ste A, Greenwood, IN 46142(317) 885-9100View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishAttorneys and Lawyers Employment LawNon-compete AgreementCriminal LawCriminal DefenseNo one should face criminal charges without adequate representation. Contact us for assistance with criminal matters ranging from traffic infractions to major felonies. [ Click here for more information …]DUI/DWIWrongful DeathFamily LawDivorceYour family means so much to you, and legal proceedings can prove to not only be intimidating but can severely strain your bonds with those closest to you. Let us help you navigate this stressful time. We are experienced in a wide range of matters such as...Child SupportChild Custody and VisitationOur attorneys have experience with a wide range of legal matters involving the family including divorce, child custody and support, paternity, adoption, and more. Let us help you discover your options. [ Click here for more information …]AdoptionPaternityPremarital AgreementGuardianshipSpousal SupportLegal SeparationTrusts and EstatesProbateWillsPower of AttorneyHealth LawPersonal InjuryWhen you or someone you love is wronged, there are a number of critical decisions to be made in enforcing your legal rights. With our guidance, you can be sure to meet all deadlines, pursue various recovery methods, and, most importantly, find adequate relief. Let us assist you in the following matters...Auto AccidentsBusiness and Corporate LawBusiness DisputesWhether you are starting a new business or are making sure that you are up-to-date on the latest legal safeguards, we can assist you through the process. There are a number of liability and tax strategies that can enhance your day-to-day operations and your overall peace of mind. Some areas of expertise include...Send to PhoneKessler Douglas W Atty1648 Fry Rd Ste A, Greenwood, IN 46142(317) 885-9100Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailKessler Douglas W Atty1648 Fry Rd Ste A, Greenwood, IN 46142(317) 885-9100Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Douglas W Kessler - Centreville, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Douglas W Kessler in Centreville, VA


Douglas W Kessler

                                                                           Intelius found that Douglas W Kessler  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Centreville, VA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Doug W Kessler


Get Report Now

Age

Douglas W Kessler is in his 60s

Douglas Has Lived In

Centreville, VA
New Providence, NJ
Piscataway, NJ

Douglas's Relatives

Deanna Kessler







Douglas W Kessler



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Project Manager at Telcordia Technologies , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Douglas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Douglas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Douglas W Kessler
Get a Criminal Check on Douglas W Kessler
Get a Public Record Report on Douglas W Kessler
Get a People Search Report on Douglas W Kessler


Douglas W Kessler's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Douglas W Kessler has lived as well as Douglas W Kessler's phone numbers and email addresses.




Douglas W Kessler Has Lived in 3 States
Virginia Address for Douglas W Kessler


14609 B****** D* 

Centreville, VA


Has Lived In

Centreville, VA
New Providence, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Douglas W Kessler

(703) ***-**** - Centreville, VA 
(732) ***-**** - Piscataway, NJ 
(703) ***-**** - Centreville, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Douglas W Kessler

d**********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Douglas W Kessler's Professional Information
Information regarding Douglas W Kessler's professional history.  Find out previous places Douglas W Kessler has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Douglas W Kessler Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Telcordia Technologies , Inc.
               Title: Senior Project Manager
Company: Telcordia Technologies , Inc.
               Title: Director Product Management
Douglas W Kessler's Experience
Title: Senior Project Manager
               Company: Telcordia Technologies , Inc.
Job Details

Title: Director Product Management
               Company: Telcordia Technologies , Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Douglas W Kessler

 See Douglas W Kessler's LinkedIn Profile



Douglas W Kessler's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Douglas W Kessler


Douglas W Kessler's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Douglas W Kessler's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Douglas Kessler
Username Matches

                  DouglasKessler
                  KesslerDouglas
                  Douglas.Kessler
                  Kessler.Douglas
                  Douglas_Kessler
                  Kessler_Douglas
                  Douglas-Kessler
                  Kessler-Douglas
                  DKessler
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Kessler







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Kessler Douglas | ReverbNation


















































 

























 
x







    ReverbNation makes heavy use of javascript
    You should enable javascript on your browser to best experience this site.
  





































          Close 








      Kessler Douglas
    




          Blues / Rock / Folk Rock
        

          Edmonton, AB, CA
          
             
            



          ... more





 Become a Fan
 Remove Fan














      Kessler Douglas
    


 Become a Fan
 Remove Fan



Blues / Rock / Folk Rock

        Edmonton, AB, CA
        
           
          



























      Kessler Douglas
    




          Blues / Rock / Folk Rock
        

          Edmonton, AB, CA
          
             
            



          ... more





 Become a Fan
 Remove Fan














      Kessler Douglas
    


 Become a Fan
 Remove Fan



Blues / Rock / Folk Rock

        Edmonton, AB, CA
        
           
          

































Save
Remove from Library


        Saved.
      Receive Updates?



Yes


No






 Message


Share Artist














 







Tools For:
Artists
Music Industry
Fans
Venues





































ReverbNation

About
Blog
Careers
Need Help?
Forgot Password
CONNECT



Artist Membership

Overview
Pricing
Feature Index
 
 
 
 



Artist Development

Opportunity Submissions
Crowd Reviews
Gig Finder
 
 
 
 



Artist Tools

Advertise on Music Sites
Sponsored Artists
Digital Distribution
Sell Direct
Fan Reach
Site Builder
 
 



Policies

Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Copyright
Trademark
Refunds
Abuse
Legal Notices








ReverbNation


About
Blog
Careers
Need Help?
Forgot Password
CONNECT




Artist Membership


Overview
Pricing
Feature Index




Artist Development


Opportunity Submissions
Crowd Reviews
Gig Finder




Artist Tools


Advertise on Music Sites
Sponsored Artists
Digital Distribution
Sell Direct
Fan Reach
Site Builder




Policies


Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Copyright
Trademark
Refunds
Abuse
Legal Notices











© 2017 eMinor Incorporated
              
All third party trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners. ReverbNation is not affiliated with those trademark owners.









Loading...



    
      
      
      
      
        
          
          {title_display}
          {artist_display}
        
      
      
        Download
        Share
        Favorite
        Lyrics
        Be a fan
      
    
  










Clear
Share All
Channels





Show Queue


ReverbNation Channels
Select a Music Channel to Get Started
Global Chart Toppers
Local Chart Toppers
Trending Artists
Alt/Rock/Indie
Electro/Pop/Dance
HipHop/Rap/R&B
Featured Artists
My Favorites
Custom Channel




Show Queue

 


Select Genres


All
None


Cancel
Play




Alternative
Ambient
Americana
Bluegrass
Blues
Bollywood/Tollywood
Celtic
Childrens
Christian Rock
Christian/Gospel
Classical
Comedy
Country
DJ
Dance
Dubstep
EDM
Electronica
Experimental
Folk
Funk
Hip Hop
Holiday
House
Indie
Instrumental
Jam
Jazz
Latin
Metal
Other
Pop
Punk
R&B/Soul
Rap
Reggae
Rock
Rockabilly
Singer Songwriter
Ska
Spiritual
Spoken Word
World

 



















12:123




Not listening to anything?
Try one of the ReverbNation Channels






















































Kessler, Douglas A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Douglas A. Kessler
Douglas A. Kessler is the President of Ashford Hospitality Trust. He previously had served as Chief Operating Officer and Head of Acquisitions for the company. Mr. Kessler has spearheaded virtually all of Ashford’s key initiatives, including investments, sales, capital market activities, property financing, corporate credit facilities, joint ventures and strategic direction. Previously, he was a Managing Director of the company’s predecessor before leading Ashford’s initial public offering. Before that time, Mr. Kessler spent about 10 years with Goldman Sachs’ Whitehall Street Real Estate Funds, where he asset managed more than $11 billion of real estate and served on the board or executive committee of several companies. Formerly, Mr. Kessler also worked at Trammell Crow Ventures. Mr. Kessler has more than 25 years of experience in real estate strategy, investments, sales, finance, asset management and capital markets. He earned his MBA and B.A. from Stanford University.
Related Interviews:Ashford Hospitality Trust (AHT)May 31, 2012







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google

































 



 Douglas A. Kessler Appointed Chief Executive Officer Of Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. 
         










    










 













 











 



















Douglas A. Kessler Appointed Chief Executive Officer Of Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.
        																																												
              

          Enhances corporate governance via separation of Chairman and CEO roles
        











 News provided by
Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.  
Feb 21, 2017, 07:59 ET









 Share this article




























































DALLAS, Feb. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (NYSE:    AHT) ("Ashford Trust" or the "Company") announced today that its Board of Directors has appointed Douglas A. Kessler as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective February 21, 2017.  Monty J. Bennett, the Company's previous Chief Executive Officer, remains Chairman of the Board of Ashford Trust.  As part of this appointment, Mr. Kessler will not stand for reelection as a Director of Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc.  








Mr. Kessler has been with Ashford Trust since its IPO in August of 2003 serving most recently as President since 2009.  Prior to being appointed President of Ashford Trust, Mr. Kessler served as Ashford Trust's Chief Operating Officer and Head of Acquisitions beginning in May 2003. Mr. Kessler has spearheaded numerous strategic, financial, and transaction initiatives while at Ashford Trust and has been responsible for the growth of the Company's asset base. 
From July 2002 until August 2003, Mr. Kessler served as the Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer of Remington Hotel Corporation.  Prior to joining Remington Hotel Corporation in 2002, Mr. Kessler worked at Goldman Sachs' Whitehall Real Estate Funds from 1993 to 2002 where he asset managed several billion dollars of diversified real estate investments, including hospitality.  While at Whitehall, Mr. Kessler served on the boards or executive committees of several lodging companies, including Westin Hotels and Resorts and Strategic Hotel Capital.  Mr. Kessler is a member of Urban Land Institute's Hotel Development Council and is a frequent speaker and panelist at lodging industry conferences including International Hotel Investment Forum, Americas Lodging Investment Summit, Hotel Conference Asia Pacific, and the NYU International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference. Mr. Kessler earned an MBA and BA from Stanford University. 
Mr. Kessler has over 30 years of diverse real estate industry experience in acquisition, sales, finance, asset management, and capital markets. 
"Douglas has been instrumental in all aspects of Ashford Trust's growth over the past thirteen years, and we are extremely pleased to announce his promotion to Chief Executive Officer," said Monty J. Bennett, Ashford Trust's Chairman of the Board.  "His key roles in contributing to our industry leading investor returns since our IPO make him the right selection to lead Ashford Trust's future.  Under Douglas' leadership and focus, the goal will continue to be to maximize the value for our shareholders."
Ashford Hospitality Trust is a real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on investing opportunistically in the hospitality industry in upper upscale, full-service hotels.
Ashford has created an Ashford App for the hospitality REIT investor community.  The Ashford App is available for free download at Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store by searching "Ashford."
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/douglas-a-kessler-appointed-chief-executive-officer-of-ashford-hospitality-trust-inc-300410593.html
SOURCE Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.



 












Feb 21, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: Ashford Hospitality Trust Proposes To Acquire FelCor Lodging Trust At A Significant Premium Of 28% Per Share To Create Compelling Long-Term Shareholder Value













Jan 27, 2017, 14:35 ET
Preview: Ashford Hospitality Trust Announces Tax Reporting Information for 2016 Common and Preferred Share Distributions






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 30, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Ashford Trust Sets Second Quarter Earnings Release And Conference...








 

Jun 29, 2017, 16:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Ashford Trust Announces Sale Of Crowne Plaza Ravinia





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Real Estate
  Hotels and Resorts
  Travel Industry
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Douglas A. Kessler Appointed Chief Executive Officer Of Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.


 News provided by
Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.  
Feb 21, 2017, 07:59 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 







Kissler | Plumbing Repair Parts






















Home
About Us
Dealer Access
Products
Downloads

Current Pricelist
Specials Brochure
Instructions

Compression-Type Faucet Repair
Ball-Type Single Lever Faucet Repair
Toilet Repair



Links

A-C

American Standard
Central Brass
Coyne & Delaney
Crane

D-G

Delta
Dominion Faucets
Eljer
Gerber

H-M

Kohler
Mixet
Moen

N-S

Price Pfister
Sayco
Sloan
Speakman
Sterling
Symmons

T-Z

T&S Brass
Union Brass
Valley

OEM Service Part Manuals


Contact
 Like Us On Facebook 





 
 
 
 
 











We are the leader of plumbing repair parts!
Browse through our catalogs and find thousands of the most popular plumbing repair essentials. Whether you need any of our 1600 faucet stems, hundreds of faucet handles, stainless steel faucet and toilet connectors, Rainflurry shower heads or any plumbing product, Kissler & Co. is here to be your reliable vendor.
 
We distribute many OEM parts for manufacturers such as  Sloan, American Standard, Gerber, Delta, Kohler, and Price Pfister, just to name a few. We also supply thousands of non-OEM parts for almost any manufacturer, current or obsolete. Additionally, our machine 
shop lathes can reproduce almost any stem imaginable.
 
Kissler & Co. encourages you to download our numerous .pdf product catalogs to help 
you find the right repair part for you.
 
 

                



Browse Through OurProduct Catalogs



Downloads

 
Instructions

 
Links



			Kissler Plumbing Products are made to repair many of the most popular brands such as:

American Standard, Central Brass, Crane, Coyne & Delaney, Delta, Dominion Faucets, Eljer, Gerber, Kohler, Mixet, Moen, Price Pfister, Sayco, Sloan, Speakman, Sterling, Symmons, T&S Brass, Union Brass, Valley, and more. 










All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017 Kissler & Co. | 770 Central Blvd. Carlstadt, NJ 07072 | Phone: 201.896.9600 | email: sales@kissler.com | 















 













 



 
	Douglas County, WI - Official Website - General Services/Energy













 
   






+myConnections: Engage your community - connect to news, events and information you care about.    View more information... 

Sign In




Welcome to an Engaged Community
                    There's a better way to personalize your website experience. With myConnection, the profile you create allows you to set up a unique starting point for the tasks and transactions that you want to complete in your time on this website. Use myConnection to gather the information that you most care about from across this website into one central location, giving you greater control over how you connect with your community.
                    
Sign In or
                        Create an Account



Top Users 


1


ASIA
402 points



2


Amanda Bailey
2 points



3


Marcela
2 points








Facilities


View your community’s facilities and features online with the new Facilities Module.
View the new Facilities



My Dashboard


Personalize your online experience to stay up-to-date on news, events and other information.
View My Dashboard






Group Spotlight

MY VIDOES 
HELLO I CREATE THIS GROUP FOR YOU  TO WATCH MY VIDOES AS I PLAY THE PIANO BLINDED, AS THE DEMONS WHISPERED TO ME AND I HAD TO "OBEY" PLEASE ENJOY.THANK YOU. YOURS -WITH LOVE JOANNA........



Total Users

889




































  






 







 



 







 









About Share
Delicious
Digg
Facebook
Google
MySpace
StumbleUpon
Twitter
Yahoo





 

 






 
Communication Center


 
Current Threat Levels/Terrorism Preparedness


 
Emergency Radio Services


 
CodeRed Notification System


 
General Links


 
General Services/Energy 
 
LEPC


 
Prepare for Emergencies


 
Risk Management


 
Training Opportunities


 
Volunteer Opportunities







 










 


 


 


 

 
 









 You are here:

Home > 
					Departments > Emergency Mgmt., Comm. & General Services > 
				
General Services/Energy
















  General Services/Energy

Responsibilities


 
Contact
Keith Kesler
Director
 
Email
Courthouse Building1313 Belknap Street
Room 104
Superior,
WI 
54880

Ph: (715) 395-1636
Fx: (715) 395-1421

Hours
Monday - Friday
8:00 am - 4:30 pm


The Buildings and Grounds Department exists to:

Ensure a clean, well-maintained, efficient, safe, and secure environment for County operations in the Courthouse, Government Center, Jail, and surrounding grounds
    Provide technical advice and counsel to County Board relating to facility and operational needs
    Assume a leadership role in the planning, design, construction administration, and management of all current or future facilities and their needs 


There is a staff of seven serving two buildings, approximately 225,000 square feet of space. The Department works with the Head of the Lakes Fair Inc. with regard to the multi-acre fairgrounds complex.

Energy Efficiency
The General Services Department strives to make energy efficiency enhancements within the Government Center, Courthouse, Jail, and surrounding grounds. The Douglas County Energy Committee works with all Douglas County own/operated facilities and assists with these energy enhancement programs. These groups work jointly with Focus on Energy to install cost-effective energy efficiency and renewable energy projects.
    

  


Douglas County Energy Specific Information



Energy Saving Tips
Heating and Cooling Guidelines
Occupant Behavior
Douglas County Park and Ride Program
Focus on Energy FREE Energy Savings Product Pack



  


Energy Related Links



Focus on Energy
Wisconsin State Energy Office
Wisconsin Rebates and Programs
Energy Star



  















  












 

 

Contact Us Sitemap Employee Login Photo Credits Accessibility Copyright Report a Concern Translation/traducción/kev txhais Powered by CivicPlus Douglas County Courthouse  |  1313 Belknap Street  |  Superior, Wisconsin 54880  |  Ph: (715) 395-1341





Live EditClose











