













47 Information Product Examples That Kick Ass | Income Ideas

































































 











 

















47 Information Product Examples That Kick Ass






By Richard | 7 min read
			



Who’s making passive income from ebooks, courses & membership sites, and what can they teach us?
If you’ve ever Googled around for information product examples to give you that little bit of inspiration and help in choosing your own idea, you’ve no doubt come up empty handed.
Unfortunately, until now no one has compiled an epic list of the most successful information product businesses out there. Time to change all that!
In this article I’ll walk you through over 40 of the best info product businesses out there. I’ll tell you who’s making money, exactly how they’re doing it and what lessons we can takeaway. As always my focus will be on getting us to dream up our own ideas off the back of these cool case studies.
By the end you should have several really cool information products in your mind! And if somehow you don’t, you should checkout this.
1. Minimalist Path
This is an interesting case study that you have to check out, because you should be able to relate to it.
David quit his job and started hunting out some good old passive income. He decided to hit up the minimalism niche. This was back in 2009, before the niche was insanely crowded.
Side note: although a niche like minimalism is packed, it is still attractive because big numbers show big interest and well, if you examine the average minimalist aficionado (eg me!) we often buy everrrrry single info product on minimalism we can lay our hands on; ironic as f*ck, right?! But true. Continue Reading >
2. Think Traffic
I thought it would be fun to juxtapose Expert Enough with Corbett Barr’s main venture, being the Think Traffic blog and it’s associated products including Affiliate Marketing for Beginners, Start a Blog That Matters, Traffic School and more recently, Fizzle (see them all here).
Wow! What a difference.
With the Think Traffic products Corbett is earning well over $100,000 a year, and that’s being very conservative, since it’s based on a post he wrote almost 2 years ago. Continue Reading >
3. Mergers & Inquisitions
If you had said to someone five years ago that you were going to create a website that taught students how to land investment banking jobs and that you were going to turn it into a $1,000,000 dollar business, they probably would have laughed their asses off at you!
But hey, that’s exactly what Brian has done over at M&I.
Here’s how… Continue Reading >
4. Entrepreneur’s Journey
I’m focusing here on Yaro’s first product launch, but before I get into that, let me be upfront about this; this is a case study of how to make money online by teaching other people how to make money online.
Since Yaro had already made decent money online from non-MMO niches (essay editing, blog editing, card game website etc), I feel good about including this case study.
So Yaro’s first product, Blog Mastermind, was a membership site on making money from your blog. Continue Reading >
5. China Direct Sourcing
I remember first coming across Lindy Chen’s website a few years ago when I was researching how to import from China for a few ecommerce ideas we were stewing over.
For any of you who have researched it yourself you’ll agree with me when I say the information out there on this topic is terrible.
Most sites contain trifling bites of barely comprehensible information and almost none contain anything approaching authoritative how-to articles. Continue Reading >
6. Backyard Chickens
Big regrets laughing when I heard my friend’s Dad was feverously researching how to keep his own chickens…
Because when I found out that this site, dedicated to teaching people how to do this very thing, was making an absolute killing online with 100,000+ uniques a month I felt like the out of touch one. My bad!
But wow, was I happy to hear it, because it confirms once again, that just about every niche on Earth is full of passionate people that yearn for information and will pay good money for it. Continue Reading >
7. Sweater Babe
I think I mention knitting a lot on this site.  It’s just such a good example of a tasty niche, since avid knitters are always trying new things and spend weekends locked down in their own lil mini sweat shops (aka they’re homes!)…translation, they eat yarn for breakfast and buy a lot of everything!
I’ve studied the knitting niche a bit for inspiration purposes, and I’ve found that the big money makers are obviously information products(particularly video courses since they are the best way to communicate how to knit), knitting supplies, and most importantly, for this case study at least, knitting patterns (the diagrams knitters use to make clothes).
Let’s focus on the patterns for a minute. Continue Reading >
8. RC Powers Hobby Planes
When I was younger a friend of mine, let’s call him Vince, was a hobby boat nut!  I enjoyed it too, you know, go down to the park, put the mini speed boat in the water and hoon around.
But wow, what he spent on it!
I think the average boat kit was $500 and then there were all the add ons. Continue Reading >
9. Green Exam Academy
You’ve probably heard of Pat Flynn before, over at Smart Passive Income, and we’re about to look at his first money making venture online to see what we can takeaway…both the success lessons and the big bad mistakes.
So Green Exam Academy is a site that teaches architects how to pass the LEED exam (an exam you need to take to get a license to work on Green Energy buildings, or something). Greeeeeat idea!
I know at the time Pat didn’t actually think about any of these pointers I’m going to make, but we can reverse engineer it all and narrow in on the reasons why someone would want to start this idea. Continue Reading >
10. DC Income
This is going to be a weird case study, but I want to include it because there are some very inspiring lessons in here.
Okay, so there’s this dude called Dr Loop.  He’s a chiro, but most of his money comes from teaching other chiros how to market their business online (through social media, SEO, email marketing etc) and also teaching online entreprenuers how to make money online.
Now Dr Loop is an interesting character.  He doesn’t really go into too much detail on his successful ventures (I gather this is more reserved for his coaching clients), but he does share some very powerful tips, especially with this one software product he launched. Continue Reading >
11. Zen Habits
Probably my favorite blogger going around, Leo somehow manages to continually pump out useful content on a swathe of topics related to personal development.
I love that he continues to advance himself with everything from meditation to raising his kids, but what I really love is the amount of passive income he’s generating now! Hahaha.
You knew that was coming. Continue Reading >
12. Microsoft Excel by Infinite Skills
Something a little different!  As you can imagine this is an information product for people trying to learn their way around Excel.  What you might not realize without doing anymore research is that this product sells for $99 and has sold over 24,481 copies!  Buuuuu yao!!
It’s a terrific example of what can be achieved when you teach people an important skill – the kind of skill they can use to increase their earning capacity…kaching styles.
What skills do you have that would help people earn more money, get a rise, land a better job etc? Continue Reading >
13. Cake Decorating for Fun & Profit
Cake decorating.  Yeah, that’s right.  An information product on cake decorating is a profitable niche!  If that doesn’t inspire you to realize pretty much any specialized knowledge you have can be turned into a profitable info product, then I don’t know what will.
This is another case study I’ve plucked from Udemy.
Jodi Schweiss I love you!  Jodi is inspiring.  Here she is with a full time job decorating cakes and yet she made the time to create this course.  As with most things Udemy related, this course is mainly video based. Continue Reading >
14. The Minimalists
If you’ve read Josh & Ryan’s blog before you’ll know they talk about how to live a meaningful life.  Unlike most blogs the quality of their writing is at a professional writer level…and well, they are professional writers (Joshua at least is).
Thanks to their focus on pumping out high quality posts – I mean essays – they have attracted a huge audience.  Over 100,000 unique visitors a month in fact.
How have they monetized this traffic? Continue Reading >
15. The 300 Workout
This is probably one of those passive income ideas I would have had when I was in my early 20s.  After all, think about how much time we waste on looking good when we’re young!
Anyways, the idea is simple; teach people how to get a body like Gerard Butler and crew in the Sparta movie, 300. 
Leveraging off the Hollywood effect of a movie is genius.  The movie is doing all the selling for you!  The movie will get people searching for something like “300 work out” or “300 diet” or “Spartan work out”, whatever, and your blog on all things Sparta fitness related will reel in the traffic. Continue Reading >

16. Colette Patterns
A website dedicated to sewing!  Oh yeah, that’s right.  And wow, what a hot ass niche – crafting is one of the biggest past times in the world.
If you are a crafter, you need to be thinking long and hard about a blog, especially since your passion can drive the content creation machine.  That said, as you can imagine there are 1000s of blogs on sewing alone, so the question becomes…how did Sarai, from Colette, execute on her passive income idea to beat the competition?
Well, I checked out her interview with Corbett over at Think Traffic and I scoured Sarai’s site, and here are the big takeaways. Continue Reading >
17. Man vs Debt
Adam Baker started this site to share the lessons he learnt along with his wife, when they set about eliminating their mountain of personal debt a few years ago.  The site is thus a personal finance blog, but with a focus on eliminating debt.  I like focus!
What’s most interesting about Adam Baker is how he grew into a real online business builder.  Starting out with an ebook on how to sell your stuff for maximum profit on ebay, Craiglist etc, he’s progressed to launch a membership site on debt reduction (You vs Debt) as well as a freaking feature length movie (one I might add was crowdfunded and not so much profit oriented).
He was also the co-creator of Only72, which did to information products on making money online, what Groupon does to small businesses every day – ie bundle deal site. Continue Reading >
18. Nerd Fitness
Steve Kamb came up with a great idea.  Take a huge topic, in this case health & fitness, and then niche it down not based on the topic, but rather based on the target audience. Before going any further, think about what this means for you and the topics you know. 
Example, say you are a financial planner, maybe instead of hoping to teach stock picking for everyone you can niche down and focus on retirees and all their associated specific needs (time horizon, risk preferences, lifestyle fit etc).  This is just one of many ideation techniques out there and we go through them all in the Idea Generating Article.
Okay, back to it.  Here’s exactly how Steve has killed it online with his fitness website.  He wrote a ton of content.  He did a ton of guest posts (especially on non-fitness websites, that he knew would be read by his target audience of nerds, eg tech blogs).  He created a community around the comments section of his blog and through the massive forum component of his site (hello loyal tribe!). Continue Reading >
19. Chinese with Mike
Oh wow!  I wanted to bring you guys a language teaching example, and since I was personally thinking of doing a course on introduction Chinese Mandarin, I Googled around a bit to scope out the competition.  It’s fairly smooth sailing I might say!
All the sites out there are either from the 18th century, or content-light sites put up by the BBC, Chinese TV etc.  The one site I came across that offered funny, interesting video lessons though, was Chinese with Mike.  It’s a site led by you guessed, Mike.
He’s a mullet-sporting American and a big fan on infotainment.  Mike’s videos at first give you the impression he is on another planet (I like the big ass personality, because you can’t click away…hello engaged user!), but then he whips out pitch perfect tonal Chinese the next minute.  Love it. Continue Reading >
20. Harvest Eating
I first heard about these guys when listening to a Pat Flynn Smart Passive Income Podcast.  I loved that Pat was finally getting to share a few success stories of making money online that weren’t to do with teaching people how to make money online! As someone who created a careers advice membership site myself, this was verrrrry refreshing.  So here’s the story behind Harvest Eating. 
This chef, Keith Snow, decided to create a site showcasing awesome recipes for fresh local style eating.  He put a ton of content up and then added a You Tube channel too – ie he was no longer just writing about his recipes, but also cooking them like a mini Jamie Oliver.
He rolled the site he had into a membership site, where people paid to access all the content.  Membership fees were either monthly, yearly or lifetime.  He’s got over 1000 people paid up, many of whom would be monthly members at $4.99 a month.  Now I don’t need to do the math on this one, you can clearly see this is generating $20,000+ a month for him (assuming half of people take up the discounted options of yearly or lifetime membership). Continue Reading >
21. Wall Street Oasis
How do you create a million dollar passive income business?  Create a community centered around an intense pain and sell info products and services to them all.  Done.
Seriously, that is exactly what Patrick Curtis has achieved over at WSO.  Let me give you the run down on exactly what he’s created, so you can think about what similar community sites you could create…hello Jack Russel dog training!  
Jack first created WSO as a news and forum site.  So students interested in landing a job on Wall Street would come to read up on what was happening (funny take on the finance news) and would ask each other 1000s of questions on all things Wall Street related, from resume questions to interview hacks. Continue Reading >
22. Samurai Sales Videos
This one page site – built probably in less than 3 hours using the Unbounce platform – sells text & image driven sales videos to online entreprenuers; eg someone launching an ebook.
The cost is $499 and all the work is handled by a team of 5, leaving about $100 for affiliates and about $270 profit per video in the owners hand.  How do we know all this?
After I started following the site I later found it on Flippa – an online auction site for websites – and as part of the DD the owner disclosed all these juicy tidbits. Continue Reading >
23. Hollywood Physique
First heard about this product through Derek Johanson, an online entrepreneur who creates and co-creates products for his fellow online entrepreneurs (eg course on copy writing, course on information product creation and now a course on fitness.).
So it seems to me Derek would have advised Clay – the fitness expert – on how to create this info product, and in doing so I think they’ve created something pretty cool.
In a niche that is saturated with info products on how to build muscle, get ripped and generally become a world beating mofo, you can imagine the challenge of launching a successful passive income stream in it would be tough.  But here’s what I think the guys have done right. Continue Reading >
24. The GMAT Coach
I’m 99% sure this is Lee Burrel’s site, which created after being inspired by the Four Hour Work Week AND I’m 99% sure he’s making a million plus a year from this based on a video testimonial / case study he submitted to the Four Hour Work Week Blog 1 or 2 years ago.  So with that unreserved success established, let’s take a look at what he did and what we can learn from it.
So my understanding is that Lee was no GMAT genius when he decided to launch this site.  What he did was team up with a GMAT tutor.  Already that should be setting of massive alarm bells for you…what ideas do you think would be awesome to launch, but you’ve always held back because you don’t think you’re an expert enough?  Can you find an expert to team up with?
For example, I might be doing something in the sewing niche soon – an ecommerce site drop shipping a particular item every good sewer needs (think 14,000 searches a month and almost no competition) – but I have no freaking idea about sewing.  Well, I’ll find a knowledgeable sewing blogger who knows the subject, but maybe is not so good at monetizing their blog and so would love to earn money from creating content for the niche.  Boom! Anyways, so that is what Lee did here. Continue Reading >
25. Evernote Essentials
An ebook on how to use Evernote.  $160,000 passive income (net) a year.  Oh yeaaaaaaaaah baby!  Round of Pina Coladas on Brett Kelly, the author of this puppy!!
I first read about Brett on the Four Hour Work Week blog and more in Chris Guillibeau’s $100 Startup Book, and was blown away.
What a great idea!!  Find a hot product that is complicated and then create an all-in-one plain English guide on how to use it.  The better your instruction – think screenshots, step-by-step instructions, and best of all, videos – the more you sell.
The key for me is finding something where the company behind it has not created the greatest support system or how to guide.  Or where their guide is not comprehensive enough for power users.  This is always something you need to check.  I mean, take Optimize Press – a complicated WordPress theme that pretty much everyone online is using to sell info products.  It is complicated sure.  But James Dyson’s video tutorial library alone covers pretty much every issue I ever encountered, and then some.  And he backs that up with a treasure trove of PDF tutorials and what not.  You couldn’t make a dime releasing an Evernotes Essential type product for Optimize Press.  So be careful.  Anywas, back to Brett. Continue Reading >
26. No Meat Athlete
Very similar to Nerd Fitness, in the sense that Matt has taken a very broad niche – running – and niched down based on target audience, in this case marathon running vegos!
For a while last year I was training for a marathon fuelled 90% by plants and you can imagine my instant attraction to this site as a result.  Which brings up a bigggg point!
If you niche down a topic (running to marathons) and a target audience (runners to vego runners) you create a site that people who fall into that sub-niche fall in love with.  A site they identify with.  A site where they don’t need any convincing – they’ll bookmark it, sign up to your email list and even read 10 articles on their first pass!!  Why?  You are speaking to their very heart.
The information is oh so freaking relevant.  I remember my experience with NMA was that I landed, read for 1 hour, came back to it the next day and bought the ebook.  Boom.  Most sites see a 10-30 day trust building cycle, in order to convert people from first time visitors into purchasers/tribesman.  I was joining up for this tribe within 24 hours.  I’d hazard a guess that Steve Kamb over at Nerd Fitness experiences something similar, as would so many niched up minimalist bloggers (eg minimalism for families) for example.  So ideate on all that goodness for a bit.  How does NMA generate passive income? Continue Reading >
27. Ready for Raw
Jennifer is so freaking bubbly, I love it!  She’s the teacher of this online course on how to cook raw food – and the author of what I imagine is her SEO-friendly and lead capturing blo, Learn Raw Food.
I think this is a great case study as we get to see a super niche topic – raw foods – in action.  It’s interesting to track Jennifer’s progress and realize she first published a cook book on the topic, before making this video course / membership site.  Now, what a great lesson that holds for us.
Publish a book to get authority (even if you don’t sell much it looks good – FYI she sold over 100,000 copies of her first book), but not money.  Create a video course to make money to live on!  I mean, put them side by side; her 3 books sell on Amazon for about $10 each, whilst her video course sells for $175 (per year). Continue Reading >
28. Paleo Plan
Love at first sight.  I’m not a paleo nut at all – I like a me some pasta! – but this site is just stunningly designed and what a smart setup in terms of content and products.
Paleo Plan is the sort of site that reminds us that in order to success with any passive income idea, you need to go all in on it and pour your heart and soul into it (at least for a few months).  That sort of up front crazy-as-a-fox kind of work is what brings about a site like Paleo Plan.
You’ve got wonderful multiple streams of income going on here, from the one-off ebook sales of $37 (or more for extended licenses) to the monthly membership to their meal plans and fitness workouts website (around $10 a month…recurring).
The niche itself is great.  Paleo is a massive trend of the last 5-10 years, being the younger cool nephew of Atkins, and given it’s ability to get results, seems here to stay indefinitely.  In a similar style to P90X, Paleo Plan helps users solve both food and exercise problems, which pretty much doubles it’s income or ability to charge. Continue Reading >
29. Snowboard Addiction
Another very cool Four Hour Work Week success story!!  Nev’s story is great.  Snowboard enthusiast moves to Whistler.  Becomes snowboard instructor.  Works nights at a restaurant.  Gets laid off from BOTH jobs.  Gets handed 4HWW by a friend.  Creates DVD course on how to snowboard like a pro.  Busts guts to spread word.  Fast forward.  Site makes over $240,000 a year. Probably pays about $70,000 (my guess) to his outsourced web developer and personal assistant to keep it running whilst he travels the world.  And who knows what the break up is amongst the few other contributors to the site.  Either way, hells yeah!!
There’s so much to learn from this case study.  The niche is fantastic since there are so many things to teach about snowboarding, from upside down crazy tricks to basic downhilling.  And then the related products!!  Oh dear, you can affiliate so much stuff.  And even make your own training aids like Nev has done – he sells a branded bar to practice your balancing.  It’s also the kind of target audience, where once you sell them one product (eg beginners DVD), you can end up selling them a handful of other educational, training and performance products through some smart email marketing.  Brilliant!! Continue Reading >
30. Live Your Legend
I’ve followed Scott for a couple years now and seen him grow from just another blogger to become a Barr-Babauta lovechild in both his awesomeness and authenticity.  What I love most about Scott is the depths he goes to punch out a post.  None of that 400 word musing shite.  No way!
Instead almost every post he launches is a 2000+ word essay of epic proportions.  This quality is what has helped him build a passive income empire.  Now before we go any further, Scott would be the first person to slap me across the face with a dueling glove Homer style and say “It ain’t passssssive man!”.Continue Reading >
31. Sheet Music Plus
A marketplace for digital downloads of sheet music.  You can find everything from Metallica for Alto Sax to Florence and the Machine for Cello!!
To be fair this marketplace business model is a big ask of most people.  To really crush it you need to create a very advanced website where users can submit their wares for sale etc etc. And you need to of course get the traction in the market to become the leading central depository of all things related to your niche.  But ask yourself what smaller niche you could become the marketplace for?  Eg Chihuahua clothing! Continue Reading >
32. Canadian Personal Will Kit
A very simple site by an attorney up in Canada, that shows us how easy it is to turn your expertise – something you consult with people on – into a product.  Think about it…every lawyer uses a template.  All they need to do is get a website created, whack it up and then market with some free articles on will kits for Google.  Autopilot!!  And anyone out there thinking, “Oh, but I charge $3,000 for a will, why should I give it away for $35?”.
Simple.  The people buying your will kit were never intending to pay a lawyer $3,000.  You’re not losing customers to your cheaper option, you’re just gaining new customers you would never have had before.  And for absolutely zero extra work per client!  Now obviously the will kit is a very simple and readily available product out there, hence it’s very meager $35 price tag over at Canadian Personal Will Kit.  But let your mind wonder for a minute.  What are harder to find templates and also involve helping people save $1000s on lawyers fees and help them protect their life’s assets?  Hmmmm, separation agreements perhaps! Continue Reading >
33. Exchange Server Pro
What a great case study!  Here we have Paul Cunningham, an IT dude who handles Microsoft server work for a big mining company in Australia.  At some point Paul realized that all the knowledge he had gained during his job could be handy to other people.  So he setup a blog and started banging away on the keyboard about how to do what he does; setting up, migrating and maintaining Microsoft Exchange servers.  Brilliant!!
A boring niche for any of us non-IT people, but a great example of something that just works.  I mean think about it.  Who is he selling to?  Well, he’s selling to fellow IT workers who are scratching their head and busting their guts trying to migrate an Exchange server, but just can’t get it to work. Continue Reading >
34. Fluent in 3 Months
Benny the Irish polyglot!  Yeah, that’s pretty much the brand of this personality-driven website that teaches students how to learn any language in just 3 months.  I freaking love this passive income example, because it shows you exactly how to create a kickass muse.
First, let’s look at the idea.  Benny doesn’t teach languages.  He teaches people language learning systems.  So in that sense it’s kind of like all those courses out there on things like improving your memory, optimizing your thinking etc.  What a smart angle.
I mean, think about it.  There are already a ton of resources out there on different languages – it’s crowded.  But what about rapid language learning as a whole?  Not so much. Continue Reading >
35. Management Consulted
This site is aimed at students and young professionals looking to break into management consulting.  It’s another great careers advice site with a slew of info products on offer.
The model with MC is simple; tempt students in with great free content, then put them through a free ecourse, and then once enough trust and desire has been built in the content itself, offer the paid-for comprehensive and structured version.
As with pretty much any career advice info product, this one benefits from the fact that students are in desperate need for the product.  They’ve just spent $100,000 on an education and now need to beat 100 other students to one spot.  We are talking desperate times. Continue Reading >
36. Simple Fitness Habit
Collaboration is the name of the game here.  SFH is a joint venture between 8 or so experts in the personal development and fitness niches.  You can imagine what this means.  Content is created in weeks.  Marketing is done with some simple blog posts.  Product looks amazing.  Sold!
Sure you have to split the sales, but still.  What a great project.  Who can you collaborate with on an idea?  This is a great example of bringing multiple skills to the table and producing a product that is greater than the sum of it’s parts.  SFH is a membership site, which allows people to join up for 3, 4 or 6 months, depending on their seriousness or time requirements. Continue Reading >
37. Make iPhone & iPad Games in 1 Hour
Can you think of a more enticing title for an info product?  Nup, me neither.  It really speaks to people’s pains of wanting to get into software development, but fearing that it’s way outside their reach.  Perfect pitch.  So this course is offered on Udemy, which I’ve talked about before – it’s a platform for creating and selling courses.  Check it out to learn more.
So what I love about this info product is that it’s so smart in it’s focus.  It’s not teaching people how to develop all kinds of apps; it’s just focused on games.  This is different to 80%+ of the other courses out there that hope to teach everything and end up teaching nothing.  There is also that idea of people saying ‘this is exactly what I’m looking for’ when they see a very specific course like this; you sell them in seconds.  And the way John Bura delivers the course – in true Udemy style – is 100% video. Continue Reading >




 







 

















				Want passive income ideas that actually work?			





















If you’re struggling to think of an idea or you’ve tried out a few ideas, but can’t seem to eek out more than a couple hundred dollars a month, STOP.
I’ve already spent 1000s of hours researching and testing all kinds of ideas.  I know what works and importantly, what doesn’t.  Here’s 3 of my favorite ideas that actually work...






















































Copyright © 2011-2017 Real Passive Income Ideas   -    Disclaimer  &   Affiliate Disclosure 









30 Shares Share20 Pin5 Share5



 




Mount Vernon Fresh Market Kickoff – Mayor Richard Thomas – MediumHomepageSign in / Sign upMayor Richard ThomasBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingAt 33, Richard Thomas is the youngest Mayor in Mount Vernon history! Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MayorRichardThomasJul 17Mount Vernon Fresh Market KickoffLast week, Mount Vernon kicked off its first ever Fresh Market produce giveaway. The bi-weekly event is a product of a partnership between the Food Bank of Westchester and The City of Mount Vernon. Despite the rainy weather, residents were able to stay dry under the Park Avenue Bridge overhang while the fresh market served up fruits and vegetables. Over 300 families from across Mount Vernon were able to access these healthy food options, however non-residents were not turned away. Close to 1000 individuals were served and received over 15,000 pounds of fresh produce and vegetables, regardless of their income, means, or household size.The mission of this program is to ensure that everyone has healthy food options and that nutritious meals are available to anyone regardless of their financial circumstances. This particular program is part of Mayor Thomas’ Healthy Homes Initiative. The drive behind this initiative is simple. Too often, when families have to cut costs to stay within a budget, most often proper nutrition is written off as a luxury that they can’t afford. Fruits and vegetables can be costly and can be hard to stretch into many meals. As one Mount Vernon family, we don’t want anyone in this city having to make that sacrifice. That’s why Mayor Richard Thomas, The Food Bank of Westchester, and The City of Mount Vernon are committed to driving out the need for anyone to have to make such a decision for their family by providing health alternatives and options completely free of charge.Mount Vernon’ s Fresh Market will be coming back every other Friday and distributing fresh produce from 4 pm to 7 pm in Lot 11 under the Park Avenue Bridge. The next market will be Friday July 28th. The market is open to all Mount Vernon residents! No one will ever be turned away! Please join us and let’s turn Mount Vernon into the City of Healthy Homes. Call or email us with any questions, 914–665–2361 or MayorThomas@cmvny.com.ShareNever miss a story from Mayor Richard Thomas, when you sign up for Medium. Learn moreNever miss a story from Mayor Richard ThomasBlockedUnblockFollowGet updates




KIK Custom Products Inc | 



































































 
 














 





























A manufacturing partner to the world’s largest retailers and brandsAs one of North America’s largest independent manufacturers of consumer packaged goods (“CPG”), KIK helps a large portfolio of brands and retailers bring their products to life. With leading positions in the multibillion dollar household and personal care (“HPC”), over-the-counter (“OTC”), pool additives and automotive aftermarket categories, we serve over 100 CPG companies and several major North American HPC and automotive aftermarket retailers, including many of the leading players in their respective categories. We have full-service capabilities covering end-to-end contract manufacturing, including project management, innovation and R&D, sourcing and procurement, blending and compounding, filling and packaging, supply chain and distribution, and quality control. Our manufacturing model is highly flexible and we consistently add value to our customers by leveraging our range of services and expertise.






KIK Consumer Brands (“KCB”)Our KCB Division is comprised of five business units:
Household: Our Household business supplies private label cleaning and laundry products and is the leading supplier of private label bleach. It also supplies branded bleach and branded household cleaning and laundry products, such as Top Job®, Greased Lightning®, The Works®, Arctic Power®, ABC®, Old Dutch®, Springtime®, La Parisienne® and Hertel®.
Pool: Our Pool business is a leading supplier of pool and spa treatment products in North America and key international markets with a broad brand and product portfolio encompassing both the Mass and Specialty Retailer channels.  We are well known for our Clorox® Pool&Spa™ (under license), Pool Time® and Pool Essentials® products in North American retailers, our BioGuard® brand in North American and Australian professional channels and our Bayrol® brand across Europe.
Automotive: Our Automotive business is comprised of the Prestone® and Holts® businesses.  We develop, manufacture and market antifreeze/coolant and other automotive functional fluids and car appearance products in North America and key international markets.  Prestone® is the number one branded consumer choice for antifreeze/coolant in North America.  Other brands in our Automotive Care business include Holts®, Redex® and Simoniz® (outside North America).
Personal Care: Our Personal Care business markets the Bullfrog®, Ocean Potion® and No-Ad® Sun and Skin Care brands, as well as private label. We develop, design and manufacture products from concept to store shelf in many different packaging formats supporting our strategic Personal Care initiatives.
Hospitality: Our Hospitality business, operating as Marietta Hospitality, is a leading North American provider of guest amenities supplying several national and international hotel chains and resorts with single-use personal care products such as shampoos, conditioners, lotions, body wash and bar soap. Our Marietta Hospitality business also partners with leading brands to offer custom amenity programs to our hotel and resort customers.Read More 
KIK Custom Manufacturing (“KCM”)Our KCM Division is comprised of two business units:
KIK Contract Manufacturing:  Our Contract Manufacturing business is a leading contract manufacturer of HPC products in North America, serving over 100 CPG companies, including many of the leading players.  Our multi-product manufacturing and packaging capabilities include an extensive portfolio of aerosol, liquid, gel and cream products, among others.  We also offer OTC product manufacturing capabilities from our FDA-approved sites.  Our record of product safety, focus on customer service and speed-to-market capabilities makes us a valuable supply chain partner for some of the world’s leading brands. 
Prestige Beauty: We are a manufacturer for leading prestige brands, with broad capabilities and ability to offer full turnkey services.  We have developed award-winning innovations for prestige salon and skin care customers.Read More 










Extensive Manufacturing Footprint and Distribution CapabilitiesOur North American manufacturing footprint stretches from east to west coast, with all plants strategically located near customer distribution centers to minimize freight costs. Our facilities are well invested with numerous environmental and regulatory certifications, and can produce a wide range of personal care, household, OTC/Pharma, pool and spa treatment and automotive products. Our facilities are compliant with good manufacturing processes and several of them have various governmental registrations, including FDA, EPA and C-TPAT, as required for the products that we produce, as well as Master Validation Programs for equipment, cleaning, sanitation and processing. In addition, we have been recognized by the National Safety Council as an industry leader in workplace health and safety programs. We continuously invest in our manufacturing sites and systems.Award-Winning Products and Customer ServiceOur R&D team has developed products recognized by leading magazines including Self, Real Simple, Allure, and Fitness. We have also been recognized by Walmart (Supplier of the Year 2012), Family Dollar (Private Label Vendor of the Year 2013), Dollar General (Supplier of the Year 2012) and Lowes (Vendor Partner of the Year – Seasonal 2016) for our best-in-class customer service.Experienced Management TeamOur management team brings extensive experience in the private label, contract manufacturing, - personal care, household and OTC / Pharma categories.









Scroll

































KIK Custom Products Inc |   Careers



































































 
 














 




























Careers at KIKKIK offers a wide range of career and job opportunities in manufacturing, sales, procurement, finance, IT, safety and other corporate functions. The Company provides competitive compensation and benefits, a variety of work locations, as well as comprehensive, on-the-job training for hourly positions.
If you are committed to quality work and customer service, thrive in an environment of change and opportunity, and are looking for a company focused on growth, check out the current job openings in Canada, the United States or United States Hourly.
KIK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to seeking diversity in its workforce by attracting, retaining, developing and promoting the most qualified candidates and employees without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, ethnic or national origin, marital or familial status, veteran status, or any other status protected by law.
Accommodations are available upon request during the recruitment process.








We're Hiring! Search Our Current Openings:As one of the largest manufacturers in the consumer good space, we require a broad range of technical and soft skills which vary from our core financial positions to R&D, Plant Management, Marketing and Sales infrastructure and even ecommerce.
Come join us and help create millions of consumer products in households across North America. To see current openings, click on your preferred area below.








Scroll




























 


9 Richard Kick profiles
 | LinkedIn
 







































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Richard Kick profilesShare on LinkedInShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Google+Public ProfileRichard Kick, CGEITChief Information Officer at Rotary InternationalLocationGreater Chicago AreaIndustryInformation Technology and ServicesCurrentChief Information Officer at Rotary InternationalPastDirector of IT / Acting CIO at Rotary International, Director of IT / Assistant CIO at Rotary International, Group (Global) Director,...SummaryRichard is a senior technology leader with over 20 years of extensive experience in supporting the Office of the CIO agenda and working...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard KickExecutive Vice President at The First National Bank of Long IslandLocationGreater New York City AreaIndustryBankingCurrentExecutive Vice President at The First National Bank of Long Island, Executive Vice President at The First National Bank of Long Island,...EducationLIU PostView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard KickTraining and DevelopmentLocationGreater Atlanta AreaIndustryInformation Technology and ServicesCurrentTraining and Development at MSys TrainingPastTraining Development Manager at Training Industry, Inc., Training Manager at Training JournalEducationBoston UniversityView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard KickMath and Computer Science Teacher at Conejo Valley Unified School DistrictLocationGreater Los Angeles AreaIndustryPrimary/Secondary EducationCurrentMathematics and Computer Science Instructor at NEWBURY PARK HIGH SCHOOLPastMath and Computer Science Teacher at Ventura County Community College District, Mathematics and Computer Science Instructor at NEW TRIER...EducationChicago State University, University of Illinois at Urbana-ChampaignView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard KickAccount Executive at R&R Insurance ServicesLocationMadison, Wisconsin AreaIndustryInsuranceCurrentAccount Executive at R&R Insurance ServicesEducationUniversity of Wisconsin-OshkoshView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard Kick--LocationGermanyView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard Kick--LocationUnited StatesView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRichard KickGeschäftsführer bei Risikovorsorge MünchenLocationMunich Area, GermanyIndustryInsuranceCurrentGeschäftsführer at Risikovorsorge MünchenView Full ProfilePublic ProfileRich KickOwner at R & R TruckingLocationGreater St. Louis AreaIndustryTransportation/Trucking/RailroadCurrentOwner at R & R TruckingView Full ProfileJoin LinkedIn to see all 9 profiles.Join LinkedInJoin LinkedIn to see all 9 profiles.






















Herbalife appoints Richard Goudis CEO, succeeding Michael Johnson - MarketWatch
































































Latest News










Dow

21,580
-31.71
-0.15%






Nasdaq

6,388
-2.25
-0.04%






S&P 500

2,473
-0.91
-0.04%









11:15 A.M. ET


                                  A grandfather’s financial advice to his grandchildren
                                





 
10:38 A.M. ET


Updated
      Why one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
                                





 
10:06 A.M. ET


Updated
      The cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
                                





 
10:05 A.M. ET


Updated
      7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
                                





 
10:03 A.M. ET


Updated
      GE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
                                





 
10:01 A.M. ET


Updated
      Nolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
                                





 
9:59 A.M. ET


Updated
      Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
                                





 
9:57 A.M. ET


Updated
      Microsoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
                                





 
9:53 A.M. ET


                                  Trump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
                                





 
9:28 A.M. ET


Updated
      Chipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
                                





 
9:24 A.M. ET


Updated
      Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
                                





 
9:20 A.M. ET


Updated
      Pay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
                                





 
9:20 A.M. ET


Updated
      Qualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
                                





 
9:19 A.M. ET


Updated
      YogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
                                





 
9:18 A.M. ET


Updated
      Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
                                





 
9:00 A.M. ET


                                  This is what should really worry you about stocks
                                





 
8:25 A.M. ET


Updated
      Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
                                





 
8:25 A.M. ET


Updated
      Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
                                





 
8:25 A.M. ET


Updated
      Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
                                





 
8:25 A.M. ET


Updated
      Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Industries





Consumer Products






         Herbalife appoints Richard Goudis CEO, succeeding Michael Johnson
    








    By
        
        Tonya Garcia

Published: June 1, 2017 9:12 a.m. ET

Share


















































 



 
















By


                                        TonyaGarcia


Reporter








Herbalife Ltd. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    HLF, -0.40%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         has named Richard Goudis chief executive, succeeding Michael Johnson, who will become executive chairman of the company. Goudis has been a part of the Herbalife management team for 13 years, serving as chief operating officer since 2010. Herbalife shares are up more than 49% for the year so far while the S&P 500 index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SPX, -0.04%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         is up 7.7% for the period. 

















Quote References


HLF

-0.28
-0.40%



SPX

-0.91
-0.04%





Most Popular





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





The dark side of cruises





This is what should really worry you about stocks





If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich





Russell Gordy's Ranch Collection Across the American West




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 


















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found




























Herbalife Ltd.
U.S.: NYSE: HLF




$70.41

-0.28
(-0.40%)








Volume1.1M
Open$70.64
High$70.80
Low$69.70
P/E Ratio24.49
Div Yield1.7
Market Cap6.6B













S&P 500 Index
S&P Base CME: SPX




2,472.54

-0.91
(-0.04%)








Volume1.9B
Open2,467
High2,473
Low2,465
P/E Ratio0
Div Yield0
Market CapN/A
























 






















Business Industry - Industry News - Industry Market Reports


























Bulletin






Investor Alert























  
      Industries
    




        Latest Industry News
    


GE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
              
              GE’s stock tumbles to lowest level in nearly two years as outgoing CEO Jeff Immelt says farewell by giving a downbeat outlook in the 64th and last conference call he has hosted.              
              
            

10:03 a.m.  Today10:03 a.m. July 22, 2017








S&P 500





/conga/industries/main2.html
28078





        In Energy »




Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
              
              Exxon Mobil is expected to report second-quarter earnings on July 28.               
              
            

9:24 a.m.  Today9:24 a.m. July 22, 2017






Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
              
              Management CV gauges financial and management performance to anticipate which companies might cut their dividends.              
              
            

8:25 a.m.  Today8:25 a.m. July 22, 2017








        In Banking »




The cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
              
              Is one of the most important benchmarks on Wall Street in need of a serious upgrade?              
              
            

10:06 a.m.  Today10:06 a.m. July 22, 2017






7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
              
              This banker was worth about $400 billion in today’s money when he died — and his legacy lives on after nearly 500 years.              
              
            

10:05 a.m.  Today10:05 a.m. July 22, 2017








/conga/modules/sixwide-divider.html
3095





        In Technology »




Wall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
              
              One measure of fear on Wall Street on Friday booked its second-lowest finish ever, according to FactSet data. The CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, wrapped up the session down 2.3% at 9.36, marking the lowest close since the so-called "fear gauge" ended at 9.31 in December 1993 at 9.31. The gauge flirted with the lowest reading in history at 9.30, before bucking up a touch. The VIX is based on options contracts on the S&P 500 30-days in the future. The metric's historical average is 20 and it has continued to mostly slump in 2017, with the majority of its readings below 10 being put in this year, as stocks have reached repeated records since President Donald Trump's Election Day victory in November. That dynamic, lower readings for VIX and elevated stock prices, have suggested to market participants that investors are becoming increasingly complacent. Friday's VIX slide came as many major equity benchmarks closed lower, but not far from records, including the Dow Jones Industrial Average , the S&P 500 index , and the Nasdaq Composite Index , which all finished less than 1% shy of all-time closing highs.               
              
            

5:06 p.m. July 21, 2017






Newspaper publisher McClatchy Co. reports Q2 loss, but growth in digital business
              
              Newspaper publisher McClatchy Co.  reported second-quarter earnings before the market opened on Friday and said digital-only subscribers grew nearly 14% from the previous year's first quarter. The company reported a net loss of $37.4 million, or $4.91 per share for the second quarter, compared with a loss of $14.7 million, or $1.89 per share during the same quarter a year ago. The adjusted loss per share was 79 cents. McClatchy's revenue hit $225.1 million in the quarter, down 7% compared with the prior year. Total advertising revenue revenues were down 11% compared with the same quarter last year, while digital-only advertising revenue grew by 10%. The company said that the rate of decline in total advertising slowed in the quarter. "As I have mentioned before, achieving a normalized operating environment takes some time in digital transitions," McClatchy Chief Executive Craig Forman said in a statement. "While we continue to see strong headwinds in print advertising, we also are seeing our digital efforts in all aspects of the business moderate those headwinds." McClatchy's average total unique visitors to the company's online products grew close to 15% to 66 million in the quarter. Shares of McClatchy were inactive in morning trade on Friday, but have declined more than 34% in the year to date, while the S&P 500 index  have gained more than 10%.              
              
            

9:43 a.m. July 21, 2017






Whole Foods shareholders to vote on Amazon merger on Aug. 23
              
              Whole Foods Market Inc.  informed its shareholders that the special meeting to vote on the acquisition by Amazon.com Inc. will be held on Aug. 23. The shareholder meeting will be at the natural and organic foods seller's corporate headquarters in Austin, Texas, and will begin at 8:30 a.m. local time. "The Whole Foods Market board of directors unanimously recommends that our shareholders vote 'FOR' the proposal to approve the merger agreement," a letter to shareholders said. Whole Foods had agreed on June 15 to be bought by Amazon for $42 a share, which was 47% above the 2017 closing low of $28.53 on March 27, but was 36% below the Oct. 25, 2013 record close of $65.24. The stock closed Thursday at $41.76. Amazon shares have run up 14.5% over the past three months, while the S&P 500  has gained 5.3%.              
              
            

8:06 a.m. July 21, 2017








        In Cars »




Polaris beats profit and sales expectation as ORV and snowmobile growth helps boost results
              
              Polaris Industries Inc.  reported Thursday a second-quarter net profit that fell to $62.0 million, or 97 cents a share, from $71.2 million, or $1.09 a share, in the same period a year ago. The off-road vehicle maker said adjusted earnings per share came to $1.16, above the FactSet consensus of $1.08. Revenue rose to $1.36 billion from $1.13 billion, beating the FactSet consensus of $1.26 billion. Off-road and snowmobile sales rose to $845.5 million from $799.3 million, above the FactSet consensus of $761.7 million, while motorcycle sales fell 13% to $198 million but beat expectations of $192 million. The company raised its 2017 sales growth outlook to 12% to 14% from 10% to 13% and its adjusted EPS outlook to $4.35 to $4.50 from $4.25 to $4.50. "The powersports industry remained very competitive and headwinds persist, but we were encouraged by the return to growth in our Side-by-Side business and continued strength and aggressive share gains for Indian Motorcycles," said Chief Executive Scott Wine. On Wednesday, the company said it recalled 25,600 ATVs after reports of fuel leaks and fires. The stock, which wasn't active in premarket trade, has rallied 12.2% year to date, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.5%.              
              
            

7:46 a.m. July 20, 2017






Tesla stock initiated as neutral/high risk at Citi with price target 10% above current price
              
              Citigroup initiated coverage of electric car maker Tesla Inc.  Thursday, with a neutral/high risk rating and $357 stock price target. That's equal to about 10% upside from its current level. "We're positive on Tesla's position as a Car of the Future leader and view the upside case to still be significant, however, we prefer to wait for a better entry point either through: (a) A stronger balance sheet, which in our view would more favorably tilt the 12-month risk/reward equation, all-else-equal; or (b) convincing signs of a smooth Model 3 ramp with limited Model S cannibalization," analyst Itay Michaeli wrote in a note. The analyst said he is "fundamentally bullish" on Tesla, but that both bull and bear cases for the stock have merit. On the bull side, the company has had initial product success, brand appeal, speed of innovation and tech/software leadership," he wrote. The next 12 months rely on Tesla achieving Model 3 conversions and meeting margin goals, while continuing to cement its leadership in self-driving. Tesla shares were slightly lower premarket, but have gained 52% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.5%.               
              
            

7:27 a.m. July 20, 2017






Polaris recalls tens of thousands of ATVs after reports of fire, fuel leaks
              
              Recreational vehicles company Polaris Industries Inc.  recalled about 25,600 all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) after reports of fuel leaks and fires. The recall involves 2014 Sportsman 570 model ATVs sold from April 2014 through May 2017 for $6,500 to $7,700 in several colors, which were made by Polaris in the U.S., according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. The recall follows 30 reports of fuel leaks and four incidents involving a fire, although no injuries had been reported. "Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ATVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair," the company said in a statement. "Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly." The stock, which was up 1.2% in afternoon trade, has rallied 12.9% year to date, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.4%.              
              
            

2:48 p.m. July 19, 2017








/conga/modules/sixwide-divider.html
3095





        In Retail »




Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
              
              The pace of mergers and acquisitions in the food industry has gained steam in 2017, and experts are expecting more to come as companies struggle with shrinking margins in a low-price world..              
              
            

9:18 a.m.  Today9:18 a.m. July 22, 2017






Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
              
              Here are MarketWatch articles to read this weekend.              
              
            

8:25 a.m.  Today8:25 a.m. July 22, 2017






Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
              
              Jefferies analysts say investors are discounting some consumer stocks too much.              
              
            

8:25 a.m.  Today8:25 a.m. July 22, 2017








        In Health Care »




PetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 
              
              Shares of PetIQ Inc.  were soaring 32% Friday after the company made its debut on the Nasdaq. PetIQ, which distributes pet medications, sold 6,250,000 million shares at $16 a share to raise $100 million. The company posted net sales of $200.2 million in 2016 on top of a loss of $3.4 million. However, in the three months ended in March of this year, the company swung to a profit, with net income of $4.3 million on sales of $67 million. It granted underwriters a 30-day option to sell an additional 937,500 shares. Jefferies and William Blair were the lead underwriters on the offering.               
              
            

1:14 p.m. July 21, 2017

















Most Popular





1.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






2.






The dark side of cruises






3.





Mark Hulbert

This is what should really worry you about stocks






4.






If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich






5.






Russell Gordy's Ranch Collection Across the American West










Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:25 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:15aA grandfather’s financial advice to his grandchildren
10:39aWhy one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
10:07aThe cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
10:05a7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
10:03aGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
10:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
9:59aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
9:58aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
9:53aTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
9:29aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
9:24aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
9:20aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































 


Richard Kick | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Richard KickMath and Computer Science Teacher at Conejo Valley Unified School DistrictLocationThousand Oaks, CaliforniaIndustryPrimary/Secondary EducationCurrentNEWBURY PARK HIGH SCHOOLPreviousVentura County Community College District, NEW TRIER HIGH SCHOOL, Hinsdale Central High SchoolEducationChicago State University343 connectionsView Richard’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Richard’s Full ProfileExperienceMathematics and Computer Science InstructorNEWBURY PARK HIGH SCHOOLAugust 2007  –  Present (10 years)·   Teach mathematics courses including, Algebra I CP and Advanced Placement Statistics.·   Teach AP Computer Science A and College Board Pilot Computer Science Principles.·   Teach International Baccalaureate courses Math Studies and Theory of Knowledge.·   Maintain and improve the school website.·   Support teacher and administrator use of technology.Math and Computer Science TeacherVentura County Community College DistrictAugust 2007  –  May 2014 (6 years 10 months)Adjunct Professor of Mathematics and Computer ScienceMathematics and Computer Science InstructorNEW TRIER HIGH SCHOOLAugust 2005  –  June 2007 (1 year 11 months)·   Assessed the use of technology to support instruction and the curriculum.·   Researched best practices and innovations in the use of technology in education.·   Taught mathematics courses including Pre-Calculus, Multivariable Calculus, and Linear Algebra.·   Taught computer science courses including Advance Placement (AP) Computer Science AB.·   Supervised the technology staff development program.·   Oversaw all computer labs and supervise related support staff.Math and Computer Science TeacherHinsdale Central High SchoolAugust 1994  –  June 2005 (10 years 11 months)• Taught mathematics courses ranging from Geometry General to AP Calculus AB. • Taught computer science courses ranging from Introduction to Web Programming to AP Computer Science AB. • Served as assistant coach of the boys’ varsity tennis team. • Co-sponsored the computer club.Math and Computer Science TeacherIllinois Mathematics & Science AcademyAugust 1990  –  June 1994 (3 years 11 months)Taught Mathematics courses ranging from Math Investigations to BC Calculus.  Taught computer science courses ranging from Introduction to Pascal Programming to Computer Seminar Explorations Object Oriented Programming with C++.  Developed curriculum for the Math Investigations I through IV courses.  Developed curriculum for Computer Seminar.Math and Computer Science TeacherA. B. Shepard High SchoolAugust 1980  –  June 1990 (9 years 11 months)• Taught mathematics courses ranging from General Math to AP Calculus BC. • Taught computer science courses ranging from Introduction to Web Programming to AP Computer Science. • Served as school Gifted and Talented Education Coordinator.• Served as coach of various sports and activities including football, baseball, golf, mathletes, and chess.SkillsAlgebraEducational TechnologyTeachingCurriculum DesignStaff DevelopmentStatisticsComputer ScienceInstructional TechnologyClassroomCalculusTeacher TrainingLesson PlanningCurriculum DevelopmentEducational LeadershipInstructional DesignC++Technology IntegrationHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationChicago State UniversityMaster of Science, MathematicsMaster of Science, Mathematics1981  –  1984Activities and Societies: • Outstanding Math Student award winner. 
• National Science Foundation scholar. 
• Master's Thesis: "Shannon's Theorem on Coding Theory with respect to the Binary Symmetric Channel.”University of Illinois at Urbana-ChampaignBachelor of Science, Teaching of MathematicsBachelor of Science, Teaching of Mathematics1978  –  1980Activities and Societies: • Phi Kappa Phi Academic Honor Society inductee. 
• Member of the baseball team. 
• Math tutor for the athletic department.View Richard’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Richard directlyView Richard’s Full ProfileNot the Richard you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedJan Peytonat Oxnard CollegeCynthia GoldsteinCommunication ConsultantJorge SotoMathematics Department Chair at Newbury Park High SchoolNick ColangeloCareer EducationAllison Kornberg WalchFreelance Writer & Communications ConsultantStephen SvobodaTeacher at Newbury Park High SchoolADELOLA ADENUGAsupplierMichael WeingardenMath Teacher at Newbury Park High SchoolPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Richard KickFirst NameLast NameExample:  Richard KickRichard Kick, CGEITChief Information Officer at Rotary InternationalUnited StatesRichard KickExecutive Vice President at The First National Bank of Long IslandUnited StatesRichard KickTraining and DevelopmentUnited StatesRichard KickAccount Executive at R&R Insurance ServicesUnited StatesRichard Kick--United StatesMore professionals named Richard KickLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Review: The Kick by Richard Murphy | Books | The Guardian





































































































Close










Skip to main content
 


 








film




books




music




art & design




tv & radio




stage




classical




games




more


















sign in





Comment activity



Edit profile



Email preferences



Change password


Sign out












become a supporter



subscribe









search




jobs



US edition




switch to the 
UK edition




switch to the 
Australia edition




switch to the 
International edition










The Guardian - Back to home




















browse all sections
close






























Books




Murphy's lore









Ciaran Carson on Richard Murphy's funny, quirky and lyrical memoir of the writer's life, The Kick





















Books




Murphy's lore









Ciaran Carson on Richard Murphy's funny, quirky and lyrical memoir of the writer's life, The Kick












Share on Facebook









Share on Twitter









Share via Email
















View more sharing options




Share on LinkedIn









Share on Pinterest









Share on Google+









Share on WhatsApp









Share on Messenger









Close
















Ciaran Carson


Friday 2 August 2002 20.05 EDT


First published on Friday 2 August 2002 20.05 EDT





The Kickby Richard Murphy379pp, Granta, £20
Richard Murphy's mother was ambidextrous, and it was all the same to her whether she wrote backwards or forwards. She used to have to ask someone on which side of a blank page she ought to begin. When asked to state her nationality on forms in Ireland during the second world war, she used to write "British and Irish". The family believed that no one spoke English as well as the Anglo-Irish, and that the Anglo-Irish were the best administrators in the Empire.
Richard Murphy's father was the last British mayor of Colombo, the capital of Ceylon, now Sri Lanka. Young Murphy was taken out there at the age of six weeks, having been born in a damp, decaying big house in the west of Ireland. He was shuttled back and forth for some years between these two extremes of climate, like a kind of hyphen. He could be an awkward child. Once, when he was brought to see his great-aunt Bella at her rooms in the Royal Hibernian Hotel, he ran across the room and kicked her, instead of thanking her very much for the lovely tea party.
In 1937, at the age of nine, a boy with a beautiful voice, he passed an audition to enter Canterbury Cathedral Choir School as a boarder. Here he received "the best education", absorbing himself in books, especially the Bible: "The awe with which I read it obscured my mind with the dense illumination of stained glass."
He also learned to masturbate, with his left hand. He acquired a Waterman fountain pen, using his right hand to compose letters and poems to his mother. The school authorities issued vague warnings against the dangers of self-abuse. Murphy saw a boy carried away in an ambulance with his hands tied to a stretcher because he could not stop for a moment except when he fell asleep. He looked very pale. An older boy in Murphy's dormitory would climb into Murphy's bed, with a jar of ointment. This boy was known as a monitor's "kick": a boy that the monitor fancied. But any thrill, pleasure or excitement could give one a kick. So Murphy would try to absolve the guilt of his night-time kicks by day-time immersion in history, literature and music.
Murphy went up to Oxford, where, genteel but poor, he was the worst-dressed undergraduate in his college. Ken Tynan arrived wearing a suit made of billiard cloth. Murphy was taught by CS Lewis. He met Stephen Spender, and thought of becoming a poet.
On his way from London to Connemara in June 1950, Murphy stopped in Dublin and met Patrick Kavanagh in McDaid's pub. He asked the poet how he might obtain a copy of his book The Great Hunger, which was out of print. Kavanagh told him he would be calling on Mrs Yeats that afternoon, and if Murphy could give him 10 shillings, he would get a copy of the Cuala Press edition from her and give it to Murphy later that day in McDaid's. Kavanagh took the money and Murphy didn't see him again for five years.
More anecdotes of poets - Roethke, Lowell and James Dickey among them - follow, interspersed with meticulous accounts of the mechanics of the building and sailing of Galway "hookers", or of designing and building houses of local Connemara stone: subjects that Murphy has devotedly worked into his poetry.
Sexually ambivalent, he managed to marry happily, at least for a while. He and his wife Patricia were dining with Conor Cruise O'Brien when, "Raising a glass of wine to her, he quipped, le sang du pauvre, and his eyes turned up as if inside his head, showing their whites. Then he seemed to recognize and smile at a friend at the far end of the bar. Again and again he did this, usually after a witticism in French. I wondered whether we might ask the friend to join us, another sophisticate who might have amused Patricia. But in a quick glance over my shoulder I caught sight of Conor in a mirror on the far wall of the bar, smiling at himself." It later transpired that Patricia and Conor Cruise had been having an affair.
In 1962, Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath came to stay with Murphy in Connemara. At dinner Sylvia gave him a playful kick under the table. Hughes left the next day without saying goodbye to his host.
In the late 1980s, Murphy returned to Sri Lanka and was inspired to write The Mirror Wall, versions of poems - a type of sophisticated graffiti, sometimes erotic - inscribed on a long wall of polished plaster in the remote fortress of Sigiriya. The Old Sinhala language in which they are written is full of ambiguity. In modern Sinhala, the idiomatic word for the English language is kaduwa, a sword. The language gives Murphy a kick.
The Kick - a memoir which is by turns funny, quirky, and lyrical - prompted me to return to the poems, armed with new and interesting perspectives on their creation. Inexplicably, Faber dropped Richard Murphy's poetry from their list some years ago. But a handsome Collected is available from Gallery Books of Loughcrew, Oldcastle, Co Meath, Ireland. It makes the perfect mirror to this volume.
In the roof of the room where Richard Murphy was born there is a nest of wild bees. Their humming can only be heard in the room if no one is talking, and the wind isn't making a sound in the chimney.
· Ciaran Carson's most recent book is Shamrock Tea (Granta)


Topics




Books








reviews








Share on Facebook









Share on Twitter









Share via Email









Share on LinkedIn









Share on Pinterest









Share on Google+









Share on WhatsApp









Share on Messenger













Reuse this content









 















most viewed







 






 

























Arts and entertainment news from Guardian US | The Guardian






























































































Close










Skip to main content


 








film




books




music




art & design




tv & radio




stage




classical




games




more


















sign in





Comment activity



Edit profile



Email preferences



Change password


Sign out












become a supporter



subscribe









search




jobs



US edition




switch to the 
UK edition




switch to the 
Australia edition




switch to the 
International edition










The Guardian - Back to home




















browse all sections
close
















arts

























  Coroner confirms Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington died by hanging 


The 41-year-old’s death is being treated as a suspected suicide after he was found dead by an employee in his private residence



  Chester Bennington FIve of his best Linkin Park performances  
  Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington soothed the angst of millions  






Coroner confirms Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington died by hanging

 




















  How Saturday Night Live and late-night comics took aim at Sean Spicer 


The resignation of the White House press secretary comes after months of US comedy shows mocking his many gaffes




How Saturday Night Live and late-night comics took aim at Sean Spicer

 




















  City of Ghosts director Matthew Heineman: 'Imagine seeing people crucified – every day' 


Their families have been killed, they live in hiding, but a brave group of Syrians continue to defy Islamic State by reporting its atrocities to the world. The director of a new documentary explains how he told their shocking stories




City of Ghosts director Matthew Heineman: 'Imagine seeing people crucified – every day'

 
























  Late-night hosts: 'Trump puts the fun in fundamentally unfit to be a president' 


Trevor Noah, Seth Meyers and Stephen Colbert discussed the president’s New York Times interview and his disloyalty




Late-night hosts: 'Trump puts the fun in fundamentally unfit to be a president'

 




















  Dunkirk: the film that has rightwing writers itching for a culture war 


The left hasn’t been as upset about Christopher Nolan’s film as conservative writers appear to have expected – but they’re fighting back anyway



  Dunkirk Power, patriotism and Harry Styles on screen – discuss with spoilers  
  The Dunkirk spirit: how cinema is shaping Britain’s identity in the Brexit era  






Dunkirk: the film that has rightwing writers itching for a culture war

 




















  Tyler, the Creator: Flower Boy – closet door opens to gawky gorgeousness 


Is the rapper once banned from the UK for homophobic lyrics now coming out? Either way, this heavenly hip-hop record visits multicoloured corners of his mind




Tyler, the Creator: Flower Boy – closet door opens to gawky gorgeousness

 




















Jodie Whittaker  The 'force of nature' taking on Doctor Who 


People who have worked with the Yorkshire-born star say she is hardworking, hilarious, and perfect for the role



  Doctor Who casting: Time Lords clash over 'loss of role model for boys'  






The 'force of nature' taking on Doctor Who

 



 


  


  More arts 











talking points

























  Shark Week 2017: more fishy tales or nature TV's great-white hope? 




Shark Week 2017: more fishy tales or nature TV's great-white hope?

 







The return of Memphis  How the 80s design staple found a new audience 




How the 80s design staple found a new audience

 





Pop’s glass ceiling  Why new female stars can’t break through 




Why new female stars can’t break through

 





  Game of Thrones will not be decided by a contest of TV and print 




Game of Thrones will not be decided by a contest of TV and print

 
 


 



 


  


  More talking points 







people

























  Dick Van Dyke sorry for 'atrocious cockney accent' in Mary Poppins 


US actor apologises more than half century after ‘inflicting most atrocious cockney accent in history of cinema’ in Disney film




Dick Van Dyke sorry for 'atrocious cockney accent' in Mary Poppins

 




















  Flying Lotus on his gross-out movie debut, Kuso: 'You’ve never seen black characters like this – ever!’ 


The LA producer and musician discusses his first feature film, an unholy mashup of stoner comedy, body horror and incest. But will it simply prove too disturbing for audiences?




Flying Lotus on his gross-out movie debut, Kuso: 'You’ve never seen black characters like this – ever!’

 




















  Justin Bieber banned from China for 'bad behaviour' 




Justin Bieber banned from China for 'bad behaviour'

 


















Bryan Cranston  ‘I would go to malls, sit near arguing couples and watch them’ 




‘I would go to malls, sit near arguing couples and watch them’

 


















Insecure's Jay Ellis  'Every time I've been pulled over, I thought I was going to get killed' 




'Every time I've been pulled over, I thought I was going to get killed'

 
 



 


  


  More people 











the big picture

























  


  Magnum's masterclass – in pictures 


Indian wrestlers grappled with futuristic pool players to scoop the top prizes at the 2017 Magnum and LensCulture photography awards




Magnum's masterclass – in pictures

 



 


  


  More the big picture 











reviews

























Music  Lana Del Rey: Lust for Life – in a luxurious league of her own 




 



 



 



 



 



With a sunnier sound and a determined smile on her face, Del Rey is moving on from the darkness she’s inhabited in the past




Lana Del Rey: Lust for Life – in a luxurious league of her own

 




















Book of the day  Hunger by Roxane Gay – how the world treats fat people 


A catalogue of horrors and public humiliations, Gay’s memoir responds to society’s condescension and disgust about her body size




Hunger by Roxane Gay – how the world treats fat people

 




















Film  Dunkirk – Christopher Nolan's apocalyptic war epic is his best film so far 




 



 



 



 



 





Dunkirk – Christopher Nolan's apocalyptic war epic is his best film so far

 


















Film  Wish Upon – incompetent Final Destination rip-off is scare-free 




 



 



 



 



 





Wish Upon – incompetent Final Destination rip-off is scare-free

 


















Television & radio  Friends from College – inexplicably, one-dimensionally awful 




Friends from College – inexplicably, one-dimensionally awful

 
 



 


  


  More reviews 







pictures & video

























  ‘We lived in an area known as the slums’: life in 1960s Manchester 


Bridget Cunniffe recalls growing up in a community photographed by Shirley Baker




‘We lived in an area known as the slums’: life in 1960s Manchester

 




















God and metal  Scenes from a hardcore Christian music festival 


Photographer KC McGinnis went to Audiofeed, a Christian rock and metal festival, to revisit his roots. He found a surprising cross section of believers, incredibly loud music and a serious rock attitude




Scenes from a hardcore Christian music festival

 
























In pictures  


  Giants of modernist architecture 


Ever since Le Corbusier’s rallying cry in 1929, sleek slabs on stilts and levitating levels have proliferated. Here we celebrate 90 years of playful, efficient elegance




Giants of modernist architecture

 




















Pirelli’s all-black calendar  


  Any girl should be able to have their own fairytale 


Diversity takes centre stage as Naomi Campbell, Lupita Nyong’o, Whoopi Goldberg and Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs feature in Tim Walker and Edward Enninful’s twisted version of Alice in Wonderland




Any girl should be able to have their own fairytale

 




















Hokusai  


  The influential work of Japanese artist famous for 'the great wave' 


The work of Katsushika Hokusai, one of Japan’s most influential artists, will come to Australia for the first time in a major exhibition at the National Gallery of Victoria




The influential work of Japanese artist famous for 'the great wave'

 




















Jacob Aue Sobol's best photograph  Twins cling on in the coldest city on Earth 


‘The temperature can drop to -60C in parts of Siberia, and the ghosts of Stalin’s labour camps are everywhere. Despite the conditions, these twins represent resilience’




Twins cling on in the coldest city on Earth

 



 


  


  More pictures & video 











 most viewed 






 Most viewed most viewed in arts 
 Most viewed across the guardian 






1

  Coroner confirms Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington died by hanging 

 


2

  


  The 20 photographs of the week 

 


3

  Drama queens: why it’s all about women and power on screen right now 

 


4

  Chester Bennington, Linkin Park lead singer, dies of suspected suicide aged 41 

 


5

  Jane Campion: ‘The clever people used to do film. Now they do TV’ 

 


6

  Scott Turow: ‘My characters, like me, find society’s problems in the law’ 

 


7

  Salvador Dalí's moustache still intact, embalmer reveals after exhumation 

 


8

  Svetlana Alexievich: ‘After communism we thought everything would be fine. But people don’t understand freedom’ 

 


9

  Chester Bennington obituary 

 


10

  Doctor Who casting: Time Lords clash over 'loss of role model for boys' 

 



















Topics


  Television  
  Pop and rock  
  Photography  
  Art  
  US television  
































Books | The Guardian




























































































Close










Skip to main content


 








film




books




music




art & design




tv & radio




stage




classical




games




more


















sign in





Comment activity



Edit profile



Email preferences



Change password


Sign out












become a supporter



subscribe









search




jobs



US edition




switch to the 
UK edition




switch to the 
Australia edition




switch to the 
International edition










The Guardian - Back to home




















browse all sections
close
















books



 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Bookmarks – sign up 
 All today's books 
























Drama queens  Why it’s all about women and power on screen right now 


From George RR Martin’s Game of Thrones to Margaret Atwood’s The Handmaid’s Tale, fantastical tales with women centre stage are everywhere. Feminist? Misogynist? That’s not the point …




Why it’s all about women and power on screen right now

 




















Nicola Barker  


  I find books about middle-class people so boring – I feel like stabbing myself 


The books interview: The novelist on religion, Love Island and her ‘catastrophic urge’ to destroy narrative




I find books about middle-class people so boring – I feel like stabbing myself

 




















Point of view  


  Devon is a heaven of beauty and a hell of dullness 

Amanda Craig



Blood-red soil and magical place names have inspired writers from Agatha Christie to JK Rowling




Devon is a heaven of beauty and a hell of dullness

 
























My writing day  


  My characters, like me, find society’s problems in the law 

Scott Turow



The American author on the latest outrage from Donald Trump, the frustrations of starting a novel, and his double life as a lawyer and novelist




My characters, like me, find society’s problems in the law

 




















Book of the day  Under the Sun by Lottie Moggach review – summer noir on the Spanish coast 

Emma Jane Unsworth



A dark underside to expat life is revealed in this nimble thriller exploring ideas of home, migration and loneliness




Under the Sun by Lottie Moggach review – summer noir on the Spanish coast

 




















History  Pale Rider by Laura Spinney – the flu pandemic that killed 50 million 

Colin Grant



Spanish flu in 1918-19 killed vastly more people than the world war it followed, yet has remained in the shadows




Pale Rider by Laura Spinney – the flu pandemic that killed 50 million

 




















Children and teenagers  The Lotterys Plus One by Emma Donoghue – it’s a family affair 

Linda Buckley-Archer



Big is beautiful in the Room author’s tale of seven children, four parents (and a three-legged dog) who follow their dreams




The Lotterys Plus One by Emma Donoghue – it’s a family affair

 



 


  


  More books 











news

























  Chris Brookmyre's 'tour de force' Black Widow named crime novel of the year 




Chris Brookmyre's 'tour de force' Black Widow named crime novel of the year

 







  Unreliable narrator? Andrea Leadsom mistakenly resurrects Jane Austen 




Unreliable narrator? Andrea Leadsom mistakenly resurrects Jane Austen

 





  Jane Austen's Great House launches urgent appeal to stay open 




Jane Austen's Great House launches urgent appeal to stay open

 





  Paradise Lost 'translated more often in last 30 years than previous 300' 




Paradise Lost 'translated more often in last 30 years than previous 300'

 
 


 



 


  


  More news 







 talking points 

























Bicycle books  Le tour of the best 


The author of The Bicycle Book on the literature no self-respecting bike fan should be without




Le tour of the best

 




















Not the Booker prize  Make your nominations now! 


The literary award decided by readers is back for another year of compelling contention. Please use your vote in the comments




Make your nominations now!

 







Reformation 2017  


  There is no more shame in mental illness than having tonsilitis 

Matt Haig





There is no more shame in mental illness than having tonsilitis

 





Books blog  Putting 'in-situ' reading on the map 

Robert Macfarlane





Putting 'in-situ' reading on the map

 





Books blog  Game of Thrones will not be decided by a contest of TV and print 




Game of Thrones will not be decided by a contest of TV and print

 





Literary misquotations quiz  Can you get the wrong lines right? 




Can you get the wrong lines right?

 





Forget George Eliot  Now it's male authors disguising their sex to sell more books 




Now it's male authors disguising their sex to sell more books

 





Reading group  Persuasion: Jane Austen's kung fu novel? 




Persuasion: Jane Austen's kung fu novel?

 
 



 


  


  More talking points 











regulars








Book of the day
















Book of the day

  Under the Sun by Lottie Moggach review – summer noir on the Spanish coast 


A dark underside to expat life is revealed in this nimble thriller exploring ideas of home, migration and loneliness




Under the Sun by Lottie Moggach review – summer noir on the Spanish coast

 



Podcast
















Podcast

  


  Sara Pascoe and Lucy Worsley on Jane Austen – books podcast 


Two centuries after the death of the great English novelist, historian Lucy Worsley and comedian Sara Pascoe join us to talk about her life and work




Sara Pascoe and Lucy Worsley on Jane Austen – books podcast

 



Novel recipes
















Novel recipes

  Novel recipes: cream puffs from The Garden Party by Katherine Mansfield 


Mansfield’s 1922 short story, set around the wealthy Sheridan family’s shindig, inspires Kate to make a dessert from their elegant spread




Novel recipes: cream puffs from The Garden Party by Katherine Mansfield

 



Reading group
















Reading group

  Persuasion: Jane Austen's kung fu novel? 


For all the gentility, the characters in Austen’s last novel face real peril, and contend with dramatic reversals and bruising verbal blows




Persuasion: Jane Austen's kung fu novel?

 









Poem of the week

Poem of the week

  Poem of the week: Chimera by Stephen Romer 




Poem of the week: Chimera by Stephen Romer

 



The first book interview

The first book interview

  Chris D Thomas: 'We can take a much more optimistic view of conservation' 




Chris D Thomas: 'We can take a much more optimistic view of conservation'

 



100 Best Nonfiction Books of All Time

100 Best Nonfiction Books of All Time

  100 best nonfiction books: No 76 – A Vindication of the Rights of Woman by Mary Wollstonecraft (1792) 




100 best nonfiction books: No 76 – A Vindication of the Rights of Woman by Mary Wollstonecraft (1792)

 



Top 10s

Top 10s

  Top 10 opening scenes in books 




Top 10 opening scenes in books

 



A life in ...

A life in ...

  Nicola Barker: ‘I find books about middle-class people so boring – I feel like stabbing myself’ 




Nicola Barker: ‘I find books about middle-class people so boring – I feel like stabbing myself’

 



Paperback writer

Paperback writer

  Carne Ross: 'Diplomacy only works if it includes those affected – and it often doesn't' 




Carne Ross: 'Diplomacy only works if it includes those affected – and it often doesn't'

 



Digested read

Digested read

  Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos – digested read 




Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos – digested read

 



My writing day

My writing day

  Scott Turow: ‘My characters, like me, find society’s problems in the law’ 




Scott Turow: ‘My characters, like me, find society’s problems in the law’

 
 



 


  


  More regulars 











 non-fiction reviews 

























Science  Growth and Form by D’Arcy Wentworth Thompson – centenary of a Darwin-challenging classic 

Steven Rose



Honeycombs, snail shells, a tiger’s stripes … The celebrated study of how physical forces and mathematical laws affect natural selection has just been reissued




Growth and Form by D’Arcy Wentworth Thompson – centenary of a Darwin-challenging classic

 




















Biography  M by Henry Hemming – the fascist spymaster of MI5 

Bernard Porter



A superb book on the naturalist turned intelligence officer discloses new information on agents within far right and communist organisations




M by Henry Hemming – the fascist spymaster of MI5

 
























History  Koh-i-Noor by William Dalrymple and Anita Anand – an infamous diamond and imperial bloodshed 

Maya Jasanoff



A dynamic and gory history of the celebrated gem, from emperor Shah Jahan’s peacock throne in the 1600s to present-day demands for its return




Koh-i-Noor by William Dalrymple and Anita Anand – an infamous diamond and imperial bloodshed

 




















Biography  The Songs We Know Best: John Ashbery’s Early Life by Karin Roffman 

Mark Ford



A brilliantly researched study explores the poet’s difficult relationship with his farmer father and his guilt-ridden need to conceal his sexuality




The Songs We Know Best: John Ashbery’s Early Life by Karin Roffman

 




















Memoir  Hunger by Roxane Gay – how the world treats fat people 

Lidija Haas



A catalogue of horrors and public humiliations, Gay’s memoir responds to society’s condescension and disgust about her body size




Hunger by Roxane Gay – how the world treats fat people

 




















Autobiography and memoir  RisingTideFallingStar by Philip Hoare – a love of the ocean wave 

Alex Preston



Part nature writing, part memoir and part travelogue, Hoare’s erudite and intimate account of his obsession with the sea is a masterpiece




RisingTideFallingStar by Philip Hoare – a love of the ocean wave

 



 


  


  More non-fiction reviews 







 fiction & poetry reviews 

























Fiction  The Tryst by Monique Roffey – perfectly judged erotic fiction 

Jane Housham



Sex and mythology collide in a novel with insights into contemporary coupledom




The Tryst by Monique Roffey – perfectly judged erotic fiction

 




















Fiction in translation  To Die in Spring by Ralf Rothmann – a brutal coming of age in Nazi Germany 

Rachel Seiffert



The final weeks of the second world war are hauntingly portrayed in a German novel that bears comparison with Erich Maria Remarque and Günter Grass




To Die in Spring by Ralf Rothmann – a brutal coming of age in Nazi Germany

 




















Science fiction  No Dominion by Louise Welsh – a deeply satisfying conclusion 

Liz Jensen



The final part in the Plague Times trilogy adds fresh ideas to the tropes of apocalyptic fiction




No Dominion by Louise Welsh – a deeply satisfying conclusion

 
























Fiction  How to Stop Time by Matt Haig – provokes wonder and delight 

William Skidelsky



A teacher’s rare genetic condition prevents him from ageing at the normal rate in the talented Haig’s clever time-hopping fantasy




How to Stop Time by Matt Haig – provokes wonder and delight

 




















Graphic novel of the month  Boundless by Jillian Tamaki – picture-perfect short stories 


This collection of graphic short stories, quirky and ephemeral though they seem at first, are indelible in the mind




Boundless by Jillian Tamaki – picture-perfect short stories

 




















Fiction  Eureka by Anthony Quinn – saucy antics and artistry in swinging London 

Peter Stanford



Art reflects life in this pitch-perfect novel set on a 60s film shoot, the third part of a loosely linked trilogy




Eureka by Anthony Quinn – saucy antics and artistry in swinging London

 




















Fiction  A Good Country by Laleh Khadivi – a journey into radicalisation 

Abdulrazak Gurnah



Cultural integration and the repercussions of terrorism are the key elements in this expertly crafted coming-of-age story




A Good Country by Laleh Khadivi – a journey into radicalisation

 



 


  


  More fiction & poetry reviews 











 children's books 



 All today's stories 
























YA fiction  Indigo Donut by Patrice Lawrence – gripping urban teen fiction 

Fiona Noble



The award-winning author gets to the raw heart of her diverse characters in this winning sixth form tale of romance and identity




Indigo Donut by Patrice Lawrence – gripping urban teen fiction

 




















Harry Potter  20 years, 20 questions 


It’s exactly two decades since the first of JK Rowling’s books was published. Try our Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Test to see how much you have learned since then



  Twenty years of Harry Potter The 20 things we have learned  






20 years, 20 questions

 




















Children's book roundup  The best new picture books and novels 

Imogen Russell Williams



A beautiful, heart-breaking exploration of family bereavement, how to get a knighthood and sinister goings-on during detention




The best new picture books and novels

 



 


  


  More children's books 







from the archive

























Michael Bond  


  Paddington stands up for things, he’s not afraid of going to the top and giving them a hard stare 


Bond, who died on 28 June, on his lovable bear’s enduring appeal in this 2014 interview by Michelle Pauli




Paddington stands up for things, he’s not afraid of going to the top and giving them a hard stare

 













people

























Svetlana Alexievich  


  After communism we thought everything would be fine. But people don’t understand freedom 


The Nobel prize-winning author talks about the pressures of life in the Putin era, as her bestselling book on Russian women’s wartime heroism is republished




After communism we thought everything would be fine. But people don’t understand freedom

 




















'A genuinely disturbing place'  England's spookiest sites inspire new ghost stories from top writers 


The likes of Sarah Perry, Jeanette Winterson and Mark Haddon have penned dark tales of ancient houses and hauntings, spanning the country from Audley End in Essex to York Cold War Bunker




England's spookiest sites inspire new ghost stories from top writers

 




















Comics and graphic novels  Gary Panter: the cartoonist who took a trip to hell and back 


Dante and Milton are recast through the eyes of a redneck Jesus in Gary Panter’s latest graphic novel. He opens up about the nightmare hallucinations and comic-book disasters that led him there




Gary Panter: the cartoonist who took a trip to hell and back

 




















Carne Ross  


  Diplomacy only works if it includes those affected – and it so often doesn't 


After watching the destructive and unjust workings of international relations, former diplomat Carne Ross explains why direct democracy now makes more sense to him




Diplomacy only works if it includes those affected – and it so often doesn't

 



 


  


  More people 







pictures, video & audio

























In pictures  


  Paleoart: the strange history of dinosaurs in art 


Since the 19th century, artists have depicted colourful – if sometimes fictional – dinosaurs and prehistoric environments, mingling science with unbridled fantasy




Paleoart: the strange history of dinosaurs in art

 




















Books podcast  


  Sara Pascoe and Lucy Worsley on Jane Austen 


Two centuries after the death of the great English novelist, historian Lucy Worsley and comedian Sara Pascoe join us to talk about her life and work



  By numbers Jane Austen's facts and figures  






Sara Pascoe and Lucy Worsley on Jane Austen

 






































Video  


  How to adapt Jane Austen for the screen, with Andrew Davies 


How to adapt Jane Austen for the screen with Andrew Davies




How to adapt Jane Austen for the screen, with Andrew Davies

 



 


  


  More pictures, video & audio 











you may have missed

























Jane Austen bicentenary  Austen's teen writing: funny and cartoonish – and a touch of murder 


Far from being the epitome of genteel propriety, her earliest fiction reveals an anarchic spirit with a disdain for authority to match any modern adolescent



  Books podcast Sara Pascoe and Lucy Worsley on Jane Austen  






Austen's teen writing: funny and cartoonish – and a touch of murder

 




















Break-out stories  How a murderer became a top writer 


High on vodka and crack, Curtis Dawkins shot a stranger dead. Sentenced to life in prison, he went back to his first love – writing. He tells Chris McGreal about his controversial new book




How a murderer became a top writer

 




















  Which is the greatest Jane Austen novel? 

Margaret Drabble, Tessa Hadley, Hilary Mantel, Ian McEwan, Joyce Carol Oates, Claire Tomalin and Ahdaf Soueif



It is a truth universally acknowledged that Jane Austen is one of the greatest English novelists. On the 200th anniversary of her death, writers make the case for the novel closest to their hearts




Which is the greatest Jane Austen novel?

 




















My writing day  


  Everything is subject to the priorities of single parenting 

Sarah Hall



Gruffalo, laundry, fishfinger sandwiches, writing, often no writing … the author on taking inspiration from her two-year-old daughter and short story writing




Everything is subject to the priorities of single parenting

 



 


  


  More you may have missed 







 most viewed 






 Most viewed most viewed in books 
 Most viewed across the guardian 






1

  Drama queens: why it’s all about women and power on screen right now 

 


2

  Pale Rider by Laura Spinney review – the flu pandemic that killed 50 million 

 


3

  Nicola Barker: ‘I find books about middle-class people so boring – I feel like stabbing myself’ 

 


4

  Amanda Craig: ‘Devon is a heaven of beauty and a hell of dullness’ 

 


5

  Scott Turow: ‘My characters, like me, find society’s problems in the law’ 

 


6

  Svetlana Alexievich: ‘After communism we thought everything would be fine. But people don’t understand freedom’ 

 


7

  Matt Haig: ‘There is no more shame in mental illness than having tonsilitis’ 

 


8

  Books on location: Robert Macfarlane on putting 'in-situ' reading on the map 

 


9

  Chris Brookmyre's 'tour de force' Black Widow named crime novel of the year 

 


10

  Under the Sun by Lottie Moggach review – summer noir on the Spanish coast 

 























Topics


 All today's stories 
  Fiction  
  Children and teenagers  
  Science and nature  
  Jane Austen  
  Poetry  
































Biography | Books | The Guardian


























































































Close










Skip to main content


 








film




books




music




art & design




tv & radio




stage




classical




games




more


















sign in





Comment activity



Edit profile



Email preferences



Change password


Sign out












become a supporter



subscribe









search




jobs



US edition




switch to the 
UK edition




switch to the 
Australia edition




switch to the 
International edition










The Guardian - Back to home




















browse all sections
close














 Biography 





July 2017
























  M by Henry Hemming review – the fascist spymaster of MI5 


A superb book on the naturalist turned intelligence officer discloses new information on agents within far right and communist organisations


 


   Published: 20 Jul 2017  


M by Henry Hemming review – the fascist spymaster of MI5

 




















  The Songs We Know Best: John Ashbery’s Early Life by Karin Roffman – review 


 


   Published: 19 Jul 2017  


The Songs We Know Best: John Ashbery’s Early Life by Karin Roffman – review

 




















Book of the day  Hunger by Roxane Gay review – how the world treats fat people 


 


   Published: 19 Jul 2017  


Hunger by Roxane Gay review – how the world treats fat people

 











From the Guardian archive  Richard Nixon plans ‘most personal book ever’ – archive, 1989 


 


   Published: 19 Jul 2017  


Richard Nixon plans ‘most personal book ever’ – archive, 1989

 





Digested read  Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos – digested read 


 


   Published: 16 Jul 2017  


Dangerous by Milo Yiannopoulos – digested read

 





Book of the day  Fall Down 7 Times Get Up 8 review – a window on the world of autism 


 


   Published: 16 Jul 2017  


Fall Down 7 Times Get Up 8 review – a window on the world of autism

 





  The Wildeblood scandal: the trial that rocked 1950s Britain – and changed gay rights 


 


   Published: 14 Jul 2017  


The Wildeblood scandal: the trial that rocked 1950s Britain – and changed gay rights

 





100 Best Nonfiction Books of All Time  The 100 best nonfiction books: No 75 – The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin (1793) 


 


   Published: 10 Jul 2017  


The 100 best nonfiction books: No 75 – The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin (1793)

 





Digested read  But Seriously by John McEnroe – digested read 


 


   Published: 9 Jul 2017  


But Seriously by John McEnroe – digested read

 
 


 










  Best holiday reads 2017, picked by writers – part two 


 


   Published: 9 Jul 2017  


Best holiday reads 2017, picked by writers – part two

 





Digested read  The Duchess: The Untold Story by Penny Junor – digested read 


 


   Published: 2 Jul 2017  


The Duchess: The Untold Story by Penny Junor – digested read

 





  How Paul Robeson found his political voice in the Welsh valleys 


 


   Published: 2 Jul 2017  


How Paul Robeson found his political voice in the Welsh valleys

 













June 2017
























Reading group  Questions answered on A Confederacy of Dunces with John Kennedy Toole's biographer 


Cory MacLauchlin joined us to discuss Butterfly in the Typewriter, his life of A Confederacy of Dunces’s author


 


   Published: 30 Jun 2017  


Questions answered on A Confederacy of Dunces with John Kennedy Toole's biographer

 




















Book of the day  American Heiress: The Kidnapping, Crimes and Trial of Patty Hearst by Jeffrey Toobin – review 


This retelling of Patty Hearst’s life on the run with cack-handed revolutionaries is strangely uninvolving


 


   Published: 26 Jun 2017  


American Heiress: The Kidnapping, Crimes and Trial of Patty Hearst by Jeffrey Toobin – review

 




















Book of the day  A Bold and Dangerous Family review – unlikely heroes in the war on fascism 


Caroline Moorehead’s gripping account of two Jewish brothers’ fight against Mussolini shines a light on an overlooked chapter of Italian history


 


   Published: 25 Jun 2017  


A Bold and Dangerous Family review – unlikely heroes in the war on fascism

 




















  Chief Engineer: The Man Who Built the Brooklyn Bridge review – in praise of New York’s master builder 


The sins of the father dominate Erica Wagner’s paean to the man behind one of America’s most celebrated landmarks


 


   Published: 18 Jun 2017  


Chief Engineer: The Man Who Built the Brooklyn Bridge review – in praise of New York’s master builder

 











Book of the day  A Crack in Creation review – Jennifer Doudna, Crispr and a great scientific breakthrough 


 


   Published: 17 Jun 2017  


A Crack in Creation review – Jennifer Doudna, Crispr and a great scientific breakthrough

 





  Lenin the Dictator and The Dilemmas of Lenin review – a revolution twisted? 


 


   Published: 16 Jun 2017  


Lenin the Dictator and The Dilemmas of Lenin review – a revolution twisted?

 





  Citizen Clem: 'extraordinary biography' of Clement Attlee wins Orwell prize 


 


   Published: 15 Jun 2017  


Citizen Clem: 'extraordinary biography' of Clement Attlee wins Orwell prize

 





  Outskirts by John Grindrod review – life in the green belt 


 


   Published: 14 Jun 2017  


Outskirts by John Grindrod review – life in the green belt

 





Book of the day  Theft By Finding by David Sedaris review – diaries to make you gasp 


 


   Published: 14 Jun 2017  


Theft By Finding by David Sedaris review – diaries to make you gasp

 





  A Forger’s Tale by Shaun Greenhalgh – review 


 


   Published: 11 Jun 2017  


A Forger’s Tale by Shaun Greenhalgh – review

 





Book of the day  Being Wagner by Simon Callow review – what makes Wagner so controversial? 


 


   Published: 10 Jun 2017  


Being Wagner by Simon Callow review – what makes Wagner so controversial?

 





  The Mighty Franks by Michael Frank review – a glorious tale of Hollywood dysfunction 


 


   Published: 9 Jun 2017  


The Mighty Franks by Michael Frank review – a glorious tale of Hollywood dysfunction

 
 










  A Bold and Dangerous Family by Caroline Moorehead review – anti-fascist heroes 


 


   Published: 7 Jun 2017  


A Bold and Dangerous Family by Caroline Moorehead review – anti-fascist heroes

 





  The Good Bohemian: The Letters of Ida John review – making the best of a menage a trois 


 


   Published: 2 Jun 2017  


The Good Bohemian: The Letters of Ida John review – making the best of a menage a trois

 





  Diaries of TS Eliot's first wife reveal her torment at end of their marriage 


 


   Published: 2 Jun 2017  


Diaries of TS Eliot's first wife reveal her torment at end of their marriage

 









 31 May 2017 
























Books blog  Jane Austen's lesbianism is as fictional as Pride and Prejudice 


Brouhaha over a wilful misunderstanding of historian Lucy Worsley revisits old territory that exists only in excitable imaginations


 


   Published: 10:54 AM  


Jane Austen's lesbianism is as fictional as Pride and Prejudice

 




















  The Transferred Life of George Eliot by Philip Davis review – how a novelist shared her wisdom  


Eliot steps in to her narratives to unravel the contradictions of human behaviour. This study skilfully explores how in doing so she drew on her own experiences


 


   Published: 4:00 AM  


The Transferred Life of George Eliot by Philip Davis review – how a novelist shared her wisdom 

 












 29 May 2017 
























  Chris Kraus: I Love Dick was written ‘in a delirium’ 


Published in 1997, I Love Dick was so far ahead of its time that only now does it seem to be approaching its apex. Chris Kraus discusses it with
Elle Hunt


 


   Published: 11:58 PM  


Chris Kraus: I Love Dick was written ‘in a delirium’

 





  


  Hilary Mantel was right – some academics dislike novelists. But why? 

Rebecca Rideal



Hostility between academics and popular historians has a lengthy history of its own. Yet it doesn’t make sense – nonfiction and fiction nurture each other


 


   Published: 9:57 AM  















Hilary Mantel was right – some academics dislike novelists. But why?

 












 28 May 2017 
























  The Transferred Life of George Eliot by Philip Davis review – psychologically acute 


Philip Davis’s nonstandard biography looks at the woman behind the literary mask


 


   Published: 8:00 AM  


The Transferred Life of George Eliot by Philip Davis review – psychologically acute

 




















  Nell Stevens: penguins, paranoia and an old potato on the island of Bleaker 


 


   Published: 4:00 AM  


Nell Stevens: penguins, paranoia and an old potato on the island of Bleaker

 




















  The Greedy Queen: Eating With Victoria review – nothing dainty about these dishes 


 


   Published: 2:30 AM  


The Greedy Queen: Eating With Victoria review – nothing dainty about these dishes

 








 26 May 2017 
























Reading group  Gabriel García Márquez webchat with biographer Gerald Martin – your questions answered 


The acclaimed writer – to whom Gabo himself referred inquiries about his life – joined us to share his expertise


 


   Published: 9:30 AM  


Gabriel García Márquez webchat with biographer Gerald Martin – your questions answered

 











About 5,355 results for Biography

1
2
3
4
…
153
 


  next 





Topics


  Autobiography and memoir  
  History  
  Fiction  
  Politics  
  George Eliot  






























      About Us | KICK-EEZ                                                      Toggle navigation      KICK-EEZ® sells a wide selection of shooting supplies and recoil pads made of Sorbothane® Shop About Installation Testimonials Faqs Contact Blog   YouTube Google Plus Facebook           × Login     Login   Remember me  Recover password        KICK-EEZ    Need Help? Call Now 877-KICKEEZ       Home Shop About Installation Testimonials Faqs Contact Blog            About Us KICK-EEZ® is much more than a company to our President, Willard M. Latimer (a World War II Veteran), and his family; it’s a lifestyle! Willard, who is in his 90s, began his hunting career as a young boy learning from his Grandfather, Samuel M. Latimer. He has passed on his love of the sport to all his family; in fact, he is now sharing his love with the third generation of his own family! Since hunting has always been one of the most important things in Willard’s life, the beginning of KICK-EEZ® was a natural phenomenon. Willard was golfing one day in 1985 with some friends at his local golf course in Chehalis, Washington, and a friend pulled a piece of Sorbothane® out of his pocket and asked what he thought it could be used for. Without hesitation, Willard answered, “It sure would make a good gun pad!” KICK-EEZ® was created the very next year! KICK-EEZ® is located at 1819 Schurman Way, #106, Woodland, WA, close to where Willard and his family reside. Willard is now retired but his daughter, Susan is the Office Manager; daughter Cheryl is the General Manager and her husband, Dave, is the Warehouse Manager & Technical Support Person (the one who can answer ALL your questions all the time!) and his sons, Steve & Bill are Vice Presidents.    Willard & His Family Steve, Shelley, Susan, Cheryl, Bill, Lorraine & Willard   Another successful Montana Hunt for Willard!   Son-In-Law Dave & Grandsons Shawn, Matt & Greg 2014 Shot Show in Las Vegas   Willard’s Grandchildren & Great Grandchildren helping celebrate his 92nd birthday!             My Cart  Search for:     Patriot Pads 50% Discount for U.S. Military Veterans  Product CategoriesAccessories Cheek-EEZ   AR Pads Grind-to-fit Slip-on Pads & Inserts Pre-Fit Pads & Templates Top Rated Products    Pre-fit KZ 119 Recoil Pad  Rated 5.00 out of 5 $40.95    Palm Swell  Rated 5.00 out of 5 $14.48    Cheek-EEZ  Rated 5.00 out of 5 $16.72 – $23.43    Trap Recoil Pad  Rated 5.00 out of 5 $43.00 – $43.45   Recent Articles   Using KICK-EEZ Spacers to Obtain a Proper Gun Fit July 19, 2017   KICK-EEZ Supports Scholastic Shooting Sports June 6, 2017   Tucker Simpson Going for Gold May 24, 2017   Most Asked Recoil Pad Question, March 2017 April 12, 2017    Testimonials  I doubt I have ever been so pleased by the performance of any other firearms related product! My T/C Encore in .308 has a rather nasty kick for its caliber due to the short barrel. The KICK-EEZ pad has dramatically reduced the felt recoil and even al… JerryMonument, CO view more...   If there is a better quality recoil reducer available for a rifle, I haven’t seen it. The KICK-EEZ recoil pad is exceptionally easy to shape. Just follow the instructions that come with the pad. I shoot an 8mm Mauser with close to full power loads. T… GaryIndio, CA view more...   I used this pad to extend the length on a Winchester 21 shotgun that had a curved butt. I found out from KICK-EEZ that you can put them into VERY HOT but not boiling water for several minutes which then softens up the base enough so that they can be … DavidMission Viejo, CA view more...   I stock and install KICK-EEZ pads exclusively. I feel that they give the best balance of recoil reduction, ease of installation and appearance of any pad I’ve ever used. They are the perfect complement to my Bump-Buster and Auto-Buster recoil systems… Ken RuckerSpeedbump Stockworks view more...   With 2 mobile workshops covering 30 states, we do more custom fitting sessions than any other shop in the country. Having carried the KICK-EEZ brand for 20+ years, I can confidently say that it is simply the finest recoil pad on the market today. Its… Todd NelsonCountry Gentleman Gunfitting view more...   Bobby Fowler, Jr. two-time NCSA National Champion and world titleholder, Texas Hall of Fame inductee, perennial member on the NSCA All-American Team and Team USA, Shotgun Shooting Instructor, and President and Owner of Elite Shooting School, Inc. has… Bobby Fowler, Jr.Elite Shooting view more...   After deciding to replace the factory pad on my BT-99, and talking to other shooters that were using KICK-EEZ Recoil Pads, I contacted KICK-EEZ directly and the customer service was outstanding, the turn around very quick, and I am very satisfied wit… DennisFaifield, IL view more...   When I first saw the KICK-EEZ Recoil Pad, I must say that I had my doubts as to how effective it would be to tame the kick of my 6 ½ lb 12 ga o/u but when I took the first shot with the new pad installed I was amazed. I have now shot several rounds … Jim Lorbeski view more...   KICK-EEZ recoil pads are easy to fit to my Winchester Model 70 in .300 Win Mag. Brings the “felt recoil” down to the level of my custom 6.5# in .243. Very impressive! JoeHouston, TX view more...   I feel this is the best recoil pad I have ever used. Every new rifle or shotgun I purchase, the first thing I put on them is a KICK-EEZ recoil pad. JerryBoise, ID view more...              Home Shop About Installation Testimonials Dealer Database FAQS Contact      © KICK-EEZ 2017  -  Login    Privacy |  Security |  Refund |  Shipping |  Products |    Top                           
