


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Wealth Planning with Fidelity















Customer Service
Open an account
Refer a friend
Log in

800-343-2570




Wealth Planning
from Fidelity




A straightforward approach to planning for your future.
Wealth comes with opportunities. But it also comes with questions. Do you have access to investment advice you can understand? Are you taking the smartest approach to taxes? And	 how do you know what you’re really paying to manage it all?
Wealth planning from Fidelity gives you clear answers. It all starts with your dedicated financial consultant, who takes a personal approach to helping you build, grow, and preserve your wealth. For clients investing $250,000 or more, we’ll give you ongoing wealth planning guidance, service, and support, as well as regular portfolio reviews.
Work one on one with our financial professionals and specialists, in-person, online, or by phone.



Call today to make a wealth planning appointment.
800-343-2570





The benefits of wealth planning from Fidelity:

A personal relationship to help with ongoing guidance and planning support
Proactive strategies designed to reduce the impact of taxes on a portfolio
A wide suite of investing and cash management strategies for both growth and protection
Specialists in retirement, insurance, inheritance and estate planning guidance, and more
Planning strategies for education, healthcare, and aging
Simple, straightforward pricing, free tools and insights, and a range of fee-based solutions







Learn more about our wealth planning strategies and services.
















Investments | Saratoga Springs NY | King Wealth Management Group





































﻿

























King Wealth Management Group LLC Buys New Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Prudential Financial Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Prudential Financial Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Liberty Media Corporation (NASDAQ:LSXMA) CFO Mark D. Carleton Sells 54,187 Shares of Stock
Hills Bank & Trust Co. Maintains Stake in MDU Resources Group, Inc. (NYSE:MDU)
Medley Capital Corporation (NYSE:MCC) Director Buys $2,666,348.85 in Stock
DDR Corp. (DDR) Shares Sold by California Public Employees Retirement System
California Public Employees Retirement System Cuts Position in Cavium, Inc. (CAVM)
Royce & Associates LP Boosts Position in Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:OLBK)
BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) Position Decreased by Stephens Inc. AR
Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Boosts Position in Broadcom Limited (NASDAQ:AVGO)
Proto Labs, Inc. (NYSE:PRLB) Shares Sold by Royce & Associates LP
King Wealth Management Group LLC Buys New Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)
WINTON GROUP Ltd Raises Stake in T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:TROW)
Hills Bank & Trust Co. Has $435,000 Stake in Aon PLC (NYSE:AON)
Abercrombie & Fitch Company Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of ($0.36) Per Share (ANF)
Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Increases Position in Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB)
Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Holds Stake in Royal Bank Of Canada (NYSE:RY)
Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann
Compass Minerals International (CMP) & Intrepid Potash (NYSE:IPI) Head to Head Analysis


 


King Wealth Management Group LLC Buys New Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

King Wealth Management Group LLC bought a new position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 1,919 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $205,000. 
Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of PRU. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in Prudential Financial by 7.6% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 1,133 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new stake in Prudential Financial during the fourth quarter worth $130,000. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC purchased a new stake in Prudential Financial during the fourth quarter worth $134,000. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in Prudential Financial by 11.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,376 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 137 shares during the period. Finally, First Personal Financial Services boosted its stake in Prudential Financial by 3.4% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,407 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 46 shares during the period. 63.17% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. (PRU) traded up 0.61% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $111.74. 1,357,843 shares of the stock traded hands. Prudential Financial, Inc. has a 12-month low of $72.25 and a 12-month high of $114.55. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $108.06 and its 200 day moving average price is $107.41. The company has a market capitalization of $47.94 billion, a PE ratio of 11.34 and a beta of 1.49. 


 Get Prudential Financial Inc. alerts:



Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The financial services provider reported $2.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.64 by $0.15. Prudential Financial had a return on equity of 8.52% and a net margin of 7.78%. The company had revenue of $13.24 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $12.75 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $2.18 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Prudential Financial, Inc. will post $10.67 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/king-wealth-management-group-llc-buys-shares-of-1919-prudential-financial-inc-pru-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the stock. BidaskClub cut shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and set a $113.00 target price on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. Wells Fargo & Company reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Ten analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $111.21.
In other Prudential Financial news, Chairman John R. Strangfeld, Jr. sold 201,585 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, July 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.00, for a total value of $22,174,350.00. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 456,121 shares in the company, valued at $50,173,310. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Charles F. Lowrey sold 222,857 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $108.04, for a total value of $24,077,470.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 151,418 shares in the company, valued at $16,359,200.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.66% of the company’s stock. 
About Prudential Financial
Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Prudential Financial Inc. Buys Shares of 7,141 Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Qiagen N.V.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Qiagen N.V. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

PayPal Holdings Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (PYPL)
Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) Shares Bought by MCF Advisors LLC
MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) Stake Reduced by American International Group Inc.
Evolution Petroleum Corp (EPM) Shares Bought by Prudential Financial Inc.
Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $4.37 Million Position in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
Prudential Financial Inc. Buys Shares of 7,141 Qiagen N.V. (QGEN)
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Shares Bought by Donaldson Capital Management LLC
KBC Group NV Boosts Position in General Mills, Inc. (GIS)
Fifth Street Asset Management Inc. (FSAM) Stake Lowered by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) to Release Earnings on Monday
Analysts Set Expectations for Novartis AG’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NYSE:NVS)
Seaspan Corporation (SSW) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Allergan PLC. (AGN) Issued By William Blair
Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank Of Canada
Comerica Incorporated (NYSE:CMA) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets
3D Systems Corporation (DDD) Position Raised by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Vetr Inc. Lowers Under Armour, Inc. (UA) to Sell
TrueCar, Inc. (NASDAQ:TRUE) Position Raised by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Orion Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ORN) Stake Decreased by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
KVH Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KVHI) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.







Prudential Financial Inc. Buys Shares of 7,141 Qiagen N.V. (QGEN)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Prudential Financial Inc. bought a new stake in  Qiagen N.V. (NASDAQ:QGEN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  bought 7,141 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $207,000. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its position in shares of  Qiagen N.V. by 1,128.0% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 481,483 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,012,000 after buying an additional 442,274 shares in the last quarter.  Karp Capital Management Corp bought a new position in shares of  Qiagen N.V. during the first quarter valued at approximately $5,862,000.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of  Qiagen N.V. by 13.7% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,222,959 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,430,000 after buying an additional 147,752 shares in the last quarter.  Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Qiagen N.V. during the first quarter valued at approximately $3,540,000.  Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of  Qiagen N.V. by 9.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,120,948 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,474,000 after buying an additional 99,413 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  61.03% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Qiagen N.V. alerts:



Shares of Qiagen N.V. (NASDAQ QGEN) opened at 34.57 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $34.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.78. Qiagen N.V. has a 12 month low of $23.72 and a 12 month high of $35.26. The company has a market cap of $7.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 96.03 and a beta of 1.15. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Prudential Financial Inc. Buys Shares of 7,141 Qiagen N.V. (QGEN)” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/prudential-financial-inc-buys-shares-of-7141-qiagen-n-v-qgen.html. 





Several research analysts have commented on QGEN shares. TheStreet downgraded Qiagen N.V. from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Qiagen N.V. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Qiagen N.V. in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Barclays PLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 target price on shares of Qiagen N.V. in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Qiagen N.V. in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Qiagen N.V.  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $31.72.
About Qiagen N.V.
QIAGEN N.V. (QIAGEN) is a holding company. The Company is engaged in providing Sample to Insight solutions that transform biological samples into molecular insights. Its Sample to Insight solutions integrate sample and assay technologies, bioinformatics and automation systems. Its sample technologies are used for isolating and preparing deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), ribonucleic acid (RNA) and proteins from blood or other liquids, tissue, plants or other materials.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QGEN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Qiagen N.V. (NASDAQ:QGEN).







Receive News & Ratings for Qiagen N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiagen N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























King Wealth Management Group LLC Invests $214,000 in PPL Corporation (PPL) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for PPL Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor PPL Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Increases Position in CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME)
Marvin & Palmer Associates Inc. Increases Stake in CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CME)
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Lowers Stake in H&R Block, Inc. (HRB)
Cardinal Health, Inc. (CAH) Shares Sold by California Public Employees Retirement System
Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Shares Bought by California Public Employees Retirement System
King Wealth Management Group LLC Invests $214,000 in PPL Corporation (PPL)
Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Shares Bought by Stephens Inc. AR
Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Position Maintained by RE Advisers Corp
Enerflex Ltd (EFX) Price Target Raised to C$22.00 at Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Receives Outperform Rating from CIBC
Insider Selling: H&R Block, Inc. (HRB) Director Sells 8,000 Shares of Stock
Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Analysts Set Expectations for GlaxoSmithKline PLC’s FY2017 Earnings (NYSE:GSK)
Sanford C. Bernstein Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Hortonworks, Inc. (HDP)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Maintains Stake in CoreSite Realty Corporation (NYSE:COR)
Ibex Wealth Advisors Purchases New Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY)
Stonebridge Capital Advisors LLC Has $3.23 Million Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $7,052,000 Position in L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:LLL)
Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Position Maintained by HM Payson & Co.







King Wealth Management Group LLC Invests $214,000 in PPL Corporation (PPL)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 18th, 2017 // No Comments




King Wealth Management Group LLC acquired a new position in  PPL Corporation (NYSE:PPL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  acquired 5,727 shares of the utilities provider’s stock, valued at approximately $214,000. 
Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in PPL. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its position in  PPL Corporation by 3.1% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 590,288 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $22,071,000 after buying an additional 17,878 shares in the last quarter.  Deane Retirement Strategies Inc. bought a new position in  PPL Corporation during the first quarter valued at approximately $2,638,000.  Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in  PPL Corporation by 75.2% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 752,300 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $25,616,000 after buying an additional 323,000 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in  PPL Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $749,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new position in  PPL Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,679,000. 71.03% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get PPL Corporation alerts:



PPL Corporation (NYSE:PPL) traded up 0.05% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $37.69. 2,286,905 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $39.28 and a 200-day moving average of $36.92. The stock has a market cap of $25.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.12 and a beta of 0.50. PPL Corporation has a one year low of $32.08 and a one year high of $40.20. 





PPL Corporation (NYSE:PPL) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The utilities provider reported $0.62 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.62. PPL Corporation had a return on equity of 16.28% and a net margin of 24.46%. The firm had revenue of $1.95 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.03 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.67 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 3.0% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  PPL Corporation will post $2.16 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 9th were issued a dividend of $0.395 per share. This represents a $1.58 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.19%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 7th. PPL Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 59.18%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “King Wealth Management Group LLC Invests $214,000 in PPL Corporation (PPL)” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/18/king-wealth-management-group-llc-purchases-shares-of-5727-ppl-corporation-ppl-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts recently commented on PPL shares. Barclays PLC  restated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $41.00 price target (up from $38.00) on shares of PPL Corporation in a research note on Sunday, April 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on shares of PPL Corporation from $36.50 to $39.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. UBS Group AG downgraded shares of PPL Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of PPL Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of PPL Corporation from $36.00 to $38.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $38.80.
In other PPL Corporation news, insider Gregory N. Dudkin sold 8,228 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.55, for a total transaction of $325,417.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 39,693 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,569,858.15. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own  0.42% of the company’s stock. 
About PPL Corporation
PPL Corporation (PPL) is a utility holding company. Through its subsidiaries, PPL delivers electricity to customers in the United Kingdom, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Virginia and Tennessee; delivers natural gas to customers in Kentucky, and generates electricity from power plants in Kentucky. PPL operates through U.K.







Receive News & Ratings for PPL Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PPL Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































KING WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    KING WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC











Company number M17000002128
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 3/14/2017
        

Principal Address
            860 TANBARK DRIVE #203, NAPLES, 34108
            


Mailing Address PO BOX 792, SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY, 12866
        
KING WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC Principals

Manager
                King Lawrence
                 


Address
                860 TANBARK DRIVE #203, NAPLES, FL, 34108
                 



Manager
                King Sally
                 


Address
                860 TANBARK DRIVE #203, NAPLES, FL, 34108
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name PARACORP INCORPORATED (c)
        

Agent Address
                155 OFFICE PLAZA DRIVE, 1ST FLOOR, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301
                

Description
KING WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC has been set up 3/14/2017 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The KING WEALTH MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC principal adress is 860 TANBARK DRIVE #203, NAPLES, 34108. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to PO BOX 792, SARATOGA SPRINGS, NY, 12866. 
The company`s registered agent is PARACORP INCORPORATED 155 OFFICE PLAZA DRIVE, 1ST FLOOR, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are Manager - King Lawrence, Manager - King Sally.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
KING WEALTH MANAGEMENT, INC.
KING WEBMASTER DESIGN INCORPORATED
KING WEBMASTER LLC
KING WEINER, LLC.
KINGWELL CORP
KINGWELL ENTERPRISES, INC.











﻿






























King Wealth Management Group LLC Sells 197 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for GlaxoSmithKline PLC
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor GlaxoSmithKline PLC with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:MKTX) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.92 Per Share
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (GIII) Stock Price
Arbor Realty Trust Inc (ABR) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
HighTower Advisors LLC Has $344,000 Position in Global Partners LP (NYSE:GLP)
Amalgamated Bank Sells 15 Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (EFII)
US Ecology (NASDAQ:ECOL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Continues to Hold Position in Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (NASDAQ:SUPV)
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Takes Position in First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. (FIBK)
Paloma Partners Management Co Invests $441,000 in IPG Photonics Corporation (NASDAQ:IPGP)
KCG Holdings Inc. Acquires Shares of 5,164 OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS)
Royce & Associates LP Has $4.02 Million Position in Profire Energy, Inc. (PFIE)
Royce & Associates LP Has $3,770,000 Position in Medley Management Inc (MDLY)
Knight Transportation, Inc. (KNX) Stake Held by Royce & Associates LP
California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,500 Shares of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (OHI)
King Wealth Management Group LLC Sells 197 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)
Royce & Associates LP Maintains Stake in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS)
eBay Inc. (EBAY) Shares Sold by W.G. Shaheen & Associates DBA Whitney & Co
Service Corporation International (SCI) Shares Bought by California Public Employees Retirement System
Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Position Cut by California Public Employees Retirement System
California Public Employees Retirement System Cuts Position in National Retail Properties (NNN)



 


King Wealth Management Group LLC Sells 197 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)

					Posted by Stanley Muller on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



King Wealth Management Group LLC lowered its position in  GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) by 1.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 11,239 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 197 shares during the period. King Wealth Management Group LLC’s holdings in GlaxoSmithKline PLC were worth $474,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in GSK. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI raised its position in  GlaxoSmithKline PLC by 25.7% in the fourth quarter. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI now owns 11,330 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $436,000 after buying an additional 2,320 shares during the last quarter.  Oxford Asset Management bought a new position in shares of  GlaxoSmithKline PLC during the fourth quarter worth $390,000.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of  GlaxoSmithKline PLC by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,451,342 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $55,891,000 after buying an additional 29,440 shares in the last quarter.  Trexquant Investment LP bought a new position in shares of  GlaxoSmithKline PLC during the fourth quarter worth $239,000.  Finally, Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of  GlaxoSmithKline PLC during the fourth quarter worth $494,000. 8.96% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get GlaxoSmithKline PLC alerts:



GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK) opened at 42.70 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $43.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $41.69. GlaxoSmithKline PLC has a 1-year low of $37.20 and a 1-year high of $45.58. The firm has a market cap of $104.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 48.52 and a beta of 1.04. 




GlaxoSmithKline PLC (NYSE:GSK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The pharmaceutical company reported $0.62 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.62. GlaxoSmithKline PLC had a return on equity of 113.31% and a net margin of 5.48%. The company had revenue of $9.23 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.09 billion.  On average, analysts expect that  GlaxoSmithKline PLC will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 13th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th were paid a $0.483 dividend. This is a positive change from GlaxoSmithKline PLC’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $1.93 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.55%. GlaxoSmithKline PLC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 233.74%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “King Wealth Management Group LLC Sells 197 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK)” was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/19/glaxosmithkline-plc-gsk-stake-reduced-by-king-wealth-management-group-llc-updated-updated-updated.html. 
GSK has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. J P Morgan Chase & Co  reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline PLC in a research note on Friday, June 16th. ValuEngine cut GlaxoSmithKline PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Berenberg Bank raised GlaxoSmithKline PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised GlaxoSmithKline PLC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, BNP Paribas lowered their target price on GlaxoSmithKline PLC to $37.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and eleven have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $46.00.
GlaxoSmithKline PLC Company Profile
GlaxoSmithKline plc is a global healthcare company. The Company operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. The Company focuses on its research across six areas: Respiratory diseases, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/infectious diseases, Vaccines, Immuno-inflammation, Oncology and Rare diseases.







Receive News & Ratings for GlaxoSmithKline PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




MarketAxess Holdings, Inc.  Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.92 Per Share





HighTower Advisors LLC Has $344,000 Position in Global Partners LP 





Arbor Realty Trust Inc  Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research





Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact G-III Apparel Group, LTD.  Stock Price





Glenmede Trust Co. NA Continues to Hold Position in Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR 





US Ecology  Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































King Wealth Management Group, LLC | Wealthminder











































King Wealth Management Group, LLC


King Wealth Management Group, LLC
(CRD# 159550) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Saratoga Springs, NY.
They
manage $289,790,346 in 1,185 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 9 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



King Wealth Management Group, LLC




31 Church Street,
Saratoga Springs,
NY
12866
(518) 306-5640
https://www.kingwealthmanagementgroup.com




https://www.kingwealthmanagementgroup.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

290
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,185
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$244,549







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, FL, MA, NC, NH, NJ, NY, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at King Wealth Management Group, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Daniel P. Gale



CRD#:
4138857



31 Church Street,
Saratoga Springs,
NY
12866




93

Wealthminder
score








Daniel Gale (CRD# 4138857) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
King Wealth Management Group, LLC in Saratoga Springs, NY and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Lawrence E. King



CRD#:
2015201



31 Church Street,
Saratoga Springs,
NY
12866




93

Wealthminder
score








Lawrence King (CRD# 2015201) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
King Wealth Management Group, LLC in Saratoga Springs, NY and has 
over 27 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 1,975 Shares of Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Ingredion Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingredion Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 1,975 Shares of Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR)					

Wright Investors Service Inc. Buys 1,950 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC)					

Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $2.62 Million Position in Anthem, Inc. (NYSE:ANTM)					

Domino’s Pizza Inc (DPZ) Position Maintained by Rothschild Investment Corp IL					

Rothschild Investment Corp IL Purchases Shares of 22,520 Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ:STX)					

USG Corporation (USG) Stake Maintained by Rothschild Investment Corp IL					

Anglo American plc’s (AAL) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)					

Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact RetailMeNot (SALE) Stock Price					

Western Asset Mrtg Defined Oppn Fund (NYSE:DMO) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds					

Gulf Marine Services PLC (LON:GMS) Research Coverage Started at Investec					

Critical Comparison: Criteo (CRTO) versus Social Reality (SCRI)					

Analyzing Eagle Materials (NYSE:EXP) and U S Concrete (USCR)					

Itv Plc. (ITVPY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts					

Analyzing CONSOL Energy (CNX) and Westmoreland Coal (WLB)					

Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (WMC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages					

Redknee Solutions Inc (TSE:RKN) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts					

United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages					

Reviewing SkyWest (NASDAQ:SKYW) & Era Group (ERA)					

Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Lowers Position in Cognex Corporation (NASDAQ:CGNX)					

Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX)					





 





						Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 1,975 Shares of Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR)					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Wright Investors Service Inc. cut its stake in shares of  Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR) by 28.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 5,030 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,975 shares during the period. Wright Investors Service Inc.’s holdings in Ingredion were worth $600,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in INGR. National Pension Service increased its stake in  Ingredion by 108.9% in the second quarter. National Pension Service now owns 894 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 466 shares during the last quarter.  Assetmark Inc. increased its stake in  Ingredion by 105.3% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 975 shares of the company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter.  Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its stake in  Ingredion by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,242 shares of the company’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 108 shares during the last quarter.  Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in  Ingredion by 30.0% in the first quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,325 shares of the company’s stock valued at $160,000 after buying an additional 306 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, WFG Advisors LP increased its stake in  Ingredion by 0.4% in the first quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 1,367 shares of the company’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  84.29% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE INGR) traded down 0.11% during trading on Monday, reaching $121.88. 47,295 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $117.80 and a 200 day moving average price of $120.32. The company has a market capitalization of $8.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.86 and a beta of 0.60. Ingredion Incorporated has a 12-month low of $113.07 and a 12-month high of $140.00. 




Ingredion (NYSE:INGR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $1.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.81 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $1.45 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.43 billion. Ingredion had a return on equity of 20.94% and a net margin of 8.14%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.74 EPS.  Equities analysts expect that  Ingredion Incorporated will post $7.57 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. Ingredion’s payout ratio is presently 31.01%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally  published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/wright-investors-service-inc-sells-1975-shares-of-ingredion-incorporated-nyseingr.html. 
Several analysts recently weighed in on the company. BidaskClub upgraded Ingredion from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $125.00 target price on shares of Ingredion in a report on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $145.00 target price on shares of Ingredion in a report on Wednesday, June 14th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $143.80.
Ingredion Company Profile
Ingredion Incorporated is an ingredients solutions provider. The Company manufactures and sells sweetener, starches, nutrition ingredients and biomaterial solutions derived from the wet milling and processing of corn and other starch-based materials to a range of industries, both domestically and internationally.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INGR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR).






Receive News & Ratings for Ingredion Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingredion Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Wealth Planning with Fidelity















Customer Service
Open an account
Refer a friend
Log in

800-343-2570




Wealth Planning
from Fidelity




A straightforward approach to planning for your future.
Wealth comes with opportunities. But it also comes with questions. Do you have access to investment advice you can understand? Are you taking the smartest approach to taxes? And	 how do you know what you’re really paying to manage it all?
Wealth planning from Fidelity gives you clear answers. It all starts with your dedicated financial consultant, who takes a personal approach to helping you build, grow, and preserve your wealth. For clients investing $250,000 or more, we’ll give you ongoing wealth planning guidance, service, and support, as well as regular portfolio reviews.
Work one on one with our financial professionals and specialists, in-person, online, or by phone.



Call today to make a wealth planning appointment.
800-343-2570





The benefits of wealth planning from Fidelity:

A personal relationship to help with ongoing guidance and planning support
Proactive strategies designed to reduce the impact of taxes on a portfolio
A wide suite of investing and cash management strategies for both growth and protection
Specialists in retirement, insurance, inheritance and estate planning guidance, and more
Planning strategies for education, healthcare, and aging
Simple, straightforward pricing, free tools and insights, and a range of fee-based solutions







Learn more about our wealth planning strategies and services.















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 












































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login









 

Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 




Whatever your priorities, this can help you find someone who understands you and has the resources to help you manage your financial life 











AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, WE ALL face major turning points in our lives—getting married, becoming a parent, receiving a life-changing promotion, getting ready to retire. At times like these, many people feel a need for financial help, and start to wonder whether working with a financial advisor might make sense. That's when the search begins.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future. Someone who'll be there for you for years to come, and who can provide more than just stock recommendations.
To find an advisor who can help you with those decisions, don't be afraid to ask the following tough questions—they'll help you get a clear idea of what you can expect from the relationship and whether it makes sense for you.
1. What types of clients do you work with?
Some advisors have special experience working with business owners or members of a specific profession. Others might have particular knowledge in a specialty, such as sustainable investing or retirement planning. Ask what team members or resources from around their company they can call upon to help you meet your specific needs.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future.
2. What is your track record?
No advisor can or should promise financial results based on past performance. And beware those who do. But an advisor with a record of long relationships with clients likely provides the kind of service that earns their loyalty.
3. How often will we talk?
An advisor should be committed to conversations in person, by phone, or online—whatever your preference is—as often as you require. Every client has different needs and expectations. Be upfront with the advisor about how frequently and by what means you would like to get together to discuss your finances.
4. How realistic are my goals?
Even if you have a strong idea of what you want to accomplish with your money, the right advisor can help you better understand and prioritize your goals, including making any necessary tradeoffs based on your finances, timelines and investing preferences.






MORE INSIGHTS
Wondering What It's Like to Work with an Advisor? Tune in to a candid conversation  on “The Value of Advice.” 
Watch the webcast



5. How will we keep my strategy on course?
Even the best strategy will need adjusting as financial markets and your goals change. An advisor should have a plan for regular reviews and the ability to correct as market conditions and your priorities shift.
6. What happens if the markets are volatile? Will you call me?
When markets get scary, there's nothing worse than feeling isolated and alone. One of an advisor's most vital functions is to reach out at such times, hear your concerns, offer perspective, and talk about any needed adjustments to your strategy.
7. What if I'm upset about a service issue or an investment?
As life becomes increasingly automated, there's nothing like a human voice and quick response when you're concerned about a financial matter. Advisors who define their success by your success will be eager to quickly resolve any such issues.
8. Who will I actually be working with?
Many advisors have teams of professionals to enhance the services they provide. Ask who you'd be working with on a regular basis and their level of experience. Beyond the immediate team, does the company supporting them have access to a broad array of financial insights and resources?
9. How do I pay you for your work?
It's never easy to ask, but the right advisors will welcome this question. Clarity about fees is vital to a successful relationship. Payment—whether a percentage of assets or per transaction—should be structured around your needs and preferences.






What Can an Advisor Do for You?
Watch "Making the Leap" to see how one couple – with the help of their advisor – built a business while keeping their retirement goals in sight. For more first-hand stories, visit "Working with Us."
Transcript of Video
















Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.





Give us a call at
1.866.706.8321
9am - 9pm EST, Monday - Friday





Have questions for your financial advisor?
Connect with to continue the conversation.

View Profile


Phone 
Email 






View Profile










Share:



Facebook


LinkedIn


Twitter


email








LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING WITH MERRILL LYNCH






                Find the Right Advisor For you
            




                With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, find one who fits your needs.
            






Search yourLinkedIn network

Go

Contact your advisor
                            
                        






                Why a Merrill Lynch advisor?
            




                Our investment insights provide a valuable complement to a unique or tailored approach that revolves around you.
            

                        See how
                    






                Explore your goals
            




                This is all about you, from what you hope to achieve to what keeps you up at night.
            

                        Start exploring
                    






                2017 Midyear Market Check:
            




                Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.Join us for an exclusive webcast on Tues. July 25, 2017 at 7p.m Eastern
            

                        Register Now
                    






                Related articles
            









Are You Ready for Life’s Big Changes?
Read article



4 Big Retirement Risks—and How to Prepare for Them
Read article























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR5FWD5G-EXP-2018-05-04
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch



























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































