




Michael Alexander Koen - Senior Principal of Relationship Investments at Canada Pension Plan Investment Board



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael Alexander Koen
Senior Principal of Relationship Investments at Canada Pension Plan Investment Board



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Michael Alexander Koen
Senior Principal of Relationship Investments at Canada Pension Plan Investment Board



 Overview



Age



43
                                  (Born 1974)
                                              




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 29 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
August 3, 2016





                        Advanced Disposal Announces Investment By Canada Pension Plan Investment Board And Michael Koen Joining The Board Of Directors                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Richard L. Burke

Chief Executive Officer at Advanced Disposal Services, Inc.




Steve Carn

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at Advanced Disposal Services, Inc.





Jared  Parker

Managing Director at Oaktree Capital Management LP




John T. Miller

Director at Little Friends, Inc.





Tanuja M. Dehne

Vice President at Young Audiences New Jersey & Eastern Pennsylvania




E. Renae Conley

Chief Executive Officer at ER Solutions, Inc.





B. Clyde Preslar

Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Dollar Express Stores LLC




Charlie Appleby

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Advanced Disposal Inc.





Matthew Rinklin

Senior Vice President at Oaktree Capital Management LP




Bret Budenbender

Managing Director & Co-Portfolio Manager at Oaktree Capital Management LP







See 19 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 19 More 


 


 Paths to Michael Alexander Koen



            Michael Alexander Koen          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael Alexander Koen






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael Alexander Koen.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 2002 


The University of Chicago

                  The University of Chicago's Office of Investments (COI) is responsible for managing the University's investment assets, which includes overseeing the endowment to ensure that it benefits both current and future generations of the University of Chicago. COI oversees the broad investment strategy and provides input to the development of the strategic and tactical investment policies of the University & UCMC endowments, pension plans and self-insurance trust assets. Their strategy combines qualitative and quantitative analysis, seeking to achieve superior investment performance on a risk-adjusted basis. COI's approach seeks to evaluate the investment strategy as an integrated part of the operating plans of the University rather than in isolation and focuses the the University's overall success, not investment returns. The endowment is well-diversified across a variety of asset classes, including global stocks and bonds, real estate, natural resources, private equity, absolute return strategies and protection (tail-hedging strategies). Asset class exposure is achieved primarily by selecting and engaging external managers. COI manages the global macro and the overlay portfolio to ensure that the portfolio’s overall positioning is compliance with the endowment's investment guidelines. COI's strategies for investing in the public markets include: Absolute Return, Private Debt, Fixed Income and Credit. and Global Equities. COI's real assets team invests globally in real estate and natural resources using outside managers. The real estate portfolio invests globally in value-added and opportunistic strategies using both private partnerships and public vehicles. The natural resources portfolio invests globally in strategies that include, but are not limited to: oil and gas exploration & production; power generation; infrastructure; timber; mining and minerals; and agriculture.                




 
Class of 1996 


Queen’s University

                  Queen's University at Kingston (commonly shortened to Queen's University or Queen's) is a public research university located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Founded on 16 October 1841, the university predated the founding of Canada by 26 years. Queen's holds more than 1,400 hectares (3,500 acres) of land throughout Ontario and owns Herstmonceux Castle in East Sussex, England. Queen's is organized into ten undergraduate, graduate and professional faculties and schools.

The Church of Scotland established Queen's College in 1841 with a royal charter from Queen Victoria. The first classes, intended to prepare students for the ministry, were held 7 March 1842 with 13 students and two professors. Queen's was the first university west of the maritime provinces to admit women, and to form a student government. In 1883, a women's college for medical education affiliated with Queen's University. In 1888, Queen's University began offering extension courses, becoming the first Canadian university to do so. In 1912, Queen's secularized and changed to its present legal name.                





 Career History



Senior Principal of Relationship Investments

                                    2009 - Current                


Canada Pension Plan Investment Board


                  Founded in 1997, the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board is a professional investment management organization based in Toronto with additional offices in London and Hong Kong. The firm is also known as the CPP Investment Board. They manage the investments of the Canada Pension Plan (CPP).                




Vice President

                                    2002 - 2009                


TD Capital Mezzanine Partners Ltd.


                  TD Capital Mezzanine Partners focuses primarily on investments in the manufacturing, distribution, outsourcing/services, broadcasting and media industries. The firm looks for companies operating in industries with strong fundamentals, with a strong supporting asset base and the potential for future cash flows. TD Capital Mezzanine also looks for companies with exceptional management teams, sustainable competitive advantages and companies that are experiencing financial growth as the result of beneficial operating leverage, product line expansion or the introduction of new distribution channels. TD Capital Mezzanine typically structures their investments with terms ranging from 3 to 7 years. They participate is a variety of exit strategies.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker)


                  Founded in 1939, Scotia Capital, Inc. is a full-service financial services firm headquartered in Toronto, Ontario. The firm is a subsidiary of the Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE: BNS). Their global operations are divided into two primary business units: (1) global corporate andinvestment banking and (2) global capital markets. Scotia Capital offers a full array of investment services, focusing on the following industries: communications, media, technology, consumer products, financial services, forest products, industrial products, power/infrastructure, mining, oil & gas pipelines and real estate. The firm provides full equity and fixed-income research focusing on Canadian companies and industries, as well as targeted international research.Scotia Capital employs fundamental, macro and quantitative analysis to filter market noise and generate innovative equity ideas. The firm provides continuous and timely recommendations on approximately 300 publicly-listed companies. They also provide guidance on portfolio strategy with forward-looking insights on interest rates, currencies and commodity prices.Scotia Capital's equity research products and services include fundamental and quantitative research reports, daily investment views, monthly sector research reports, portfolio analysis and recommendations, on-line research delivery, interactive analytics and equity strategy.Scotia Capital's fixed-income research is delivered through various daily, weekly and monthly reports and analyses including: (1) Canadian Debt Strategy (2) Debt and Currency Market Technical Analysis (3) Canadian Debt Market Outlook (4) Investment Returns and (5) Corporate Bond Weekly.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2016 - Current                  


Advanced Disposal Services, Inc.

                    Advanced Disposal Services, Inc. operates as a non-hazardous solid waste management company, which engages in the residential, commercial, recycling, roll-off containers, special waste, landfills, and transfer stations services. It operates through the following segments: South, East, Midwest, and Corporate. The company was founded on July 20, 2012 and is headquartered in Ponte Vedra, FL.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Michael Alexander Koen is affiliated with
                            Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, TD Capital Mezzanine Partners Ltd., Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker), Advanced Disposal Services, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Michael Alexander  Koen - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Michael Alexander  Koen
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Michael Alexander  Koen. Find out Michael Alexander  Koen address and contact details. View other people related to Michael Alexander  Koen - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O CANADA PENSION PLAN INVESTMENT BOARD ONE QUEEN STREET EAST, SUITE 2500 TORONTO M5C 2W5 A6




Companies related to Michael Alexander  Koen
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001585790Advanced Disposal Services, Inc.90 FORT WADE ROAD - SUITE 200  PONTE VEDRA 32081




Michael Alexander  Koen on the Web
Persons related to Michael Alexander  Koen - Advanced Disposal Services, Inc.NamePositionCityClyde  Preslar  B.Ponte VedraChristopher  BeallNEW YORKBudenbender  BretNew YorkBret  BudenbenderPONTE VEDRARichard L. Jr.  BurkeChief Exec. Officer & Director PONTE VEDRAPENSION PLAN INVESTMENT BOARD  CANADA10% Owner TORONTOSteven R.  CarnExecutive Vice President & CFO PONTE VEDRAMatthew C.  GunnelsonChief Accounting Officer PONTE VEDRAHighstar Capital LP10% Owner NEW YORKParker  JaredNew YorkMiller  JohnNew YorkSpegal  JohnPonte VedraMichael Alexander  KoenTORONTOGunnelson  MatthewPonte VedraRinklin  MatthewNew YorkKoen  MichaelPonte VedraSlattery  MichaelPonte VedraJohn T  MillerATLANTAJared  ParkerPONTE VEDRASergio  PedreiroNEW YORKSergio  PedreiroPonte VedraB CLYDE  PRESLARDirector CHARLOTTEBurke  RichardPonte VedraMatthew  RinklinPONTE VEDRAMichael K  SlatterySenior VP, Gen Coun, Secretary PONTE VEDRAJohn S.  SpegalChief Operating Officer PONTE VEDRAStar Atlantic GP, Inc.NEW YORKStar Atlantic Waste Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKCarn  StevenPonte VedraWilliam W.  WestrateChief Administrative Officer PONTE VEDRAWestrate  WilliamPonte Vedra
Potentially same personNameCityCountryAlexander  MichaelFountain ValleyCAAlexander  MichaelOlympiaWA












 











Koen Michael Alexander SEC Filings





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Koen Michael Alexander


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Koen Michael Alexander.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (1)
Koen Michael Alexander SEC Filings


Filings


Filing dateFormDescriptionQuarterYear
 2016-10-05342016view

    Page:  
     1 





Form 10-K
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.
Form 10-K/A
Amended Form 10-K
Form 10-Q
The SEC form 10-Q is a comprehensive report of a company's performance that must be submitted quarterly by all public companies to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 10-Q, firms are required to disclose relevant information regarding their financial position. The form must be submitted on time, and the information should be available to all interested parties. 

The 10-Q is due 35 days (it used to be 45 days) after each of the first three fiscal quarters. There is no filing after the fourth quarter because that is when the 10-K is filed.
Form 10-Q/A
Amended Form 10-Q
Form 3
A document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by an insider affiliated with a public company's operation or by any investor owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding shares

This document must be filed with the SEC no later than 10 days after an insider becomes affiliated with a company, and it must be filed for each company in which a person is an insider, regardless of whether or not the insider has an equity position in the company at that time.
Form 3/A
Amended Form 3
Form 4
A Form 4 is a document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) whenever there is a material change in the holdings of company insiders. Insiders required to submit a Form 4 include directors and officers of the company as well as any shareholders owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding stock.

This two-page document covers any buy-and-sell orders on the open market as well as the exercise of company stock options. A Form 4 is mandatory within two business days starting from the end of the day the material transaction occurred. This filing is related to Form 3 and the Form 5, which also cover changes to the company insider holdings.
Form 4/A
Amended Form 4
Form 5
The annual statement of beneficial ownership of securities.
Form 5/A
Amended Form 5
Form 8-K
An 8-K is a report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes at a company that could be of importance to the shareholders or the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Examples of events reported on an 8-K include acquisition, bankruptcy, resignation of directors, or a change in the fiscal year. Also known as Form 8k.
Form D
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.
Form D/A
Amended Form D
Form DEF 14A
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that must be filed by or on behalf of a registrant when a shareholder vote is required. SEC Form DEF 14A is most commonly used in conjunction with an annual meeting proxy. The form should provide security holders with sufficient information to allow them to make an informed vote at an upcoming security holders' meeting or to authorize a proxy to vote on their behalf. It includes information about the date, time and place of the meeting of security holders; revocability of proxy; dissenter's right of appraisal; persons making the solicitation; direct or indirect interest of certain persons in matters to be acted upon; modification or exchange of securities; financial statements; voting procedures; and other details. 

All other filed by non-management definitive proxy statements - typically an annual meeting proxy.

Form DEF 14A, which is also known as "definitive proxy statement", is required under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This form is filed with the SEC when a definitive proxy statement is given to shareholders and helps the SEC ensure that shareholders' rights are upheld.
Form S-1
The SEC form S-1 is the initial registration form for new securities required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public companies. Any security that meets the criteria must have an S-1 filing before shares can be listed on a national exchange. 

Form S-1 requires companies to provide information on the planned use of capital proceeds, detail the current business model and competition, as well provide a a brief prospectus of the planned security itself, offering price methodology, and any dilution that will occur to other listed securities. The SEC also requires the disclosure of any material business dealings between the company and its directors and outside counsel. 

Form S-1 is also known as the "Registration Statement Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933". 

Investors can view S-1 filings online to perform due diligence on new offerings prior to their issue. The form is sometimes amended as material information changes or general market conditions cause a delay in the offering. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1933, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act, which is requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered, and to prohibit fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 

A less rigid registration form is the S-3, which is for companies that don't have the same ongoing reporting requirements.
















 








Michael Alexander's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Michael Alexander#822801@michael_alexander2Always Ready for Businessavazo.com6Following4FollowersFollow39 UpvotesShow My PR'sSee all your Open Source contributions in one placeTech+ 3 save 89 10ThingzoDevice that tells you when something last movedTech+ 2 save 96 16MockFlow WireframePro 2.0Super-easy wireframingTech+ 2 save 350 12FlysmsNotify your friends and family that you have landed safely.Tech+ 4 save 601 27Medium SeriesA new type of story on MediumMedium+ 3 save 1091 50Pilgrim SDK by FoursquareLocation data to understand & engage with your customersTech+ 1 save 356 13SingerSimple, composable, open source ETLTech+ 3 save 158 1ClarkA virtual assistant for tutorsTech+ 6 save 293 32Meet by GoogleEnterprise-friendly version of Google HangoutsTech+ 3 save 803 44CallinglyTurn your website visitors into callers with a clickTech+ 2 save 175 18PopcornHandpicked every day, discover your new favorite movieVideo Streaming+ 3 save 412 20GoodTalkA bot to make your one-on-ones productive, fun, and happy.Tech+ 3 save 607 79My Static PageCreate your personal home page in just a few minutesTech+ 2 save 480 23ShortLinkCreate local, easy to remember short linksTech+ 2 save 330 41VerstThe smart platform for professional websites and blogs.Tech+ 5 save 609 75YouTube TVYouTube takes on the cable TV providersYouTube+ 3 save 1706 102The Startup WayEric Ries' new book on building a lean startupBooks+ 1 save 925 30PlumYour little savings butler: smart, automatic, 3% interest.Fintech+ 5 save 515 61Pitch CardsI've 99 problems and I'm ready to pitch one!Games+ 2 save 343 14Dot WatchWorld’s first braille smartwatchWearables+ 2 save 257 12Share this profile









Michael Alexander's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Michael Alexander#91609@cenderinweb developerringseven.com146Following45FollowersFollow12 UpvotesBeme 1.0Capture real moments from the world around youVideo Streaming+ 3 save 1062 68SparkFin 2.0Spotify for market data. Beautifully designed stocks lists.Fintech+ 3 save 458 37Phone Case of the Month A limited edition phone case every month for only $10Tech+ 1 save 61 2SparkSpark serves up curated stock and market ideasTech+ 1 save 269 12XeodrifterMetroidvania with retro-inspired graphics3DS+ 3 save 22 2bemeShare video, honestly. A new app by Casey Neistat.Video Streaming+ 4 save 1167 190BootsnippHundreds of hand picked snippets for BootstrapTech save 196 10Scratch HouseLearn to cook from scratch, one mission at a time.Tech save 112 2HTML 5 UPMakes spiffy HTML5 site templatesTech save 306 18RockSmithThe fastest way to learn guitarTech save 19 1SuperhotA first-person shooter where time only moves when you do.Tech save 50 5Hyper Light DrifterDiablo meets Zelda Remastered: fast hard nostalgicTech save 30 2Share this profile









Koen Alexander Inventions, Patents and Patent Applications - Justia Patents Search

































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing












                                    Patents by Inventor Koen Alexander
                                




                    Koen Alexander has filed for patents to protect the following inventions. This listing includes patent applications that are pending as well as patents that have already been granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO).
                







Lithographic apparatus and device manufacturing method



Patent number:  9645506
                                            

Abstract:  A liquid confinement system for use in immersion lithography is disclosed in which the meniscus of liquid between the liquid confinement system and the substrate is pinned substantially in place by a meniscus pinning feature. The meniscus pinning feature comprises a plurality of discrete outlets arranged in a polygonal shape.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        December 13, 2013
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        May 9, 2017
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        ASML NETHERLANDS B.V.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Michel Riepen, Christiaan Alexander Hoogendam, Paulus Martinus Maria Liebregts, Ronald Van Der Ham, Wilhelmus Franciscus Johannes Simons, Daniël Jozef Maria Direcks, Paul Petrus Joannes Berkvens, Eva Mondt, Gert-Jan Gerardus Johannes Thomas Brands, Koen Steffens, Han Henricus Aldegonda Lempens, Mathieus Anna Karel Van Lierop, Christophe De Metsenaere, Marcio Alexandre Cano Miranda, Patrick Johannes Wilhelmus Spruytenburg, Joris Johan Anne-Marie Verstraete, Franciscus Johannes Joseph Janssen
                            





Variable reluctance motor with improved tooth geometry



Patent number:  6624538
                                            

Abstract:  The invention provides a motor core movable relative to a stator. The motor core and the stator core comprise base members and a plurality of adjacent tooth members with improved geometry. Each tooth member comprises a tooth surface and tooth sides. The tooth sides extend from the tooth surface toward the base member. At least one of the tooth sides comprises a tip portion and a base portion. The tip portion extends from the tooth surface to the base portion. The base portion extends from the tip portion to an adjoining base portion of a tooth side of an adjacent tooth member. The tip portion is curved.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 30, 2001
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        September 23, 2003
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Delaware Capital Formation, Inc.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Stanislaw Wladyslaw Janisiewicz, Darrin Michael Weiss, Andrew Zalesski, Koen Alexander Gieskes
                            





Variable reluctance motor with reduced noise and vibration



Publication number:  20020079751
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention relates to a method and apparatus for reducing noise and vibration generated by a variable reluctance motor. The relative positions of paired opposing modules in each phase unit are adjusted relative to a stator, even after assembly of the motor, to reduce the noise and vibration.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 6, 2002
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        June 27, 2002
                        

Applicant: 
                                                                        Delaware Capital Formation, Inc.
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Stanislaw Wladyslaw Janisiewicz, Darrin Michael Weiss, Andrew Zalesski, Koen Alexander Gieskes, Daniel J. Hibbard
                            





Variable reluctance motor with reduced noise and vibration



Publication number:  20020047437
                                            

Abstract:  The present invention relates to a method and apparatus for reducing noise and vibration generated by a variable reluctance motor. The relative positions of paired opposing modules in each phase unit are adjusted relative to a stator, even after assembly of the motor, to reduce the noise and vibration.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 30, 2001
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        April 25, 2002
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Stanislaw Wladyslaw Janisiewicz, Darrin Michael Weiss, Andrew Zalesski, Koen Alexander Gieskes, Daniel J. Hibbard
                            





Variable reluctance motor with improved tooth geometry



Publication number:  20010045788
                                            

Abstract:  The invention provides a motor core movable relative to a stator. The motor core and the stator core comprise base members and a plurality of adjacent tooth members with improved geometry. Each tooth member comprises a tooth surface and tooth sides. The tooth sides extend from the tooth surface toward the base member. At least one of the tooth sides comprises a tip portion and a base portion. The tip portion extends from the tooth surface to the base portion. The base portion extends from the tip portion to an adjoining base portion of a tooth side of an adjacent tooth member. The tip portion is curved.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 30, 2001
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        November 29, 2001
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Stanislaw Wladyslaw Janisiewicz, Darrin Michael Weiss, Andrew Zalesski, Koen Alexander Gieskes
                            





Variable reluctance motor



Publication number:  20010026101
                                            

Abstract:  A high power, low cost magnetically uncoupled variable reluctance motor that provides increased performance while reducing hysteresis losses, thereby reducing the amount of generated heat that needs to be drawn away from a phase assembly. The motor includes a linear or rotary variable reluctance motor that has at least one phase assembly including a plurality of phase units that are magnetically isolated from each other. At least one phase unit includes at least one module removably positioned between a pair of housing plates. By removably positioning the modules between the housing plates, the number of modules within the phase assembly can be adjusted so that the motor produces a desired power output. In one embodiment, each module has a substantially C-shape that includes a pair of legs, each positioned on one side of a main body portion. An electrically conductive coil is positioned about the main body portion and arranged in a substantially V-shape.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Application
                                            

Filed: 
                        March 30, 2001
                    

Publication date: 
                                                        October 4, 2001
                        

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Stanislaw Wladyslaw Janisiewicz, Darrin Michael Weiss, Andrew Zalesski, Koen Alexander Gieskes
                            





Areno [e]indols, preparation method and application as intermediates in the synthesis of products with antitumoral activity



Patent number:  5631384
                                            

Abstract:  The compounds (I) are useful as intermediates in the synthesis of hexahydroareno(e)cyclopropa(c)indol-4-ones with antitumoral activity.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        July 3, 1996
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        May 20, 1997
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Pharma-Mar, S.A.-Pharmar
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Koen Alexander, Jose Delamano Garcia, Benedikt Sas, Gabriel Tojo Suarez, Dolores Garcia Gravalos
                            





Areno [E]indols, preparation method and application as intermediates in the synthesis of products with antitumoral activity



Patent number:  5571927
                                            

Abstract:  The areno[e]indols have the formula (I). The methods comprises: (a) reacting (VI) with an aldehyde Ar"--CHO to obtain (VII); (b) oxidizing (VII) to yield the cetone (VIII); (c) reating (VIII) with a strong base and thereafter with an acycle chloride ClCOR, to produce (IX); (d) subjecting to a photochemical cyclization (IX) to produce (I). In said formulas Ar is phenyl or substituted phenyl; Ar' is radical (i) or (ii); R is an acyle group, Ar" is a phenyl, pyrolyl, furanyl or thiophenyl group substituted up to three times by any of the radials R, R.sup.1, R.sup.2, or R.sup.3. The compounds (I) are useful as intermediates in the synthesis of hexahydroareno(e)cyclopropa(c)indol-4-ones with antitumoral activity.
                        

Type: 
                                                    Grant
                                            

Filed: 
                        May 19, 1994
                    

Date of Patent: 
                                                        November 5, 1996
                        

Assignee: 
                                                                        Pharma-Mar, S.A.- Pharmar
                                

Inventors: 
                                                                
                                Koen Alexander, Jose Delamano Garcia, Benedikt Sas, Gabriel Tojo Suarez, Dolores Garcia Gravalos
                            



 




Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                                                    1000
                                                



                                            Ask Question
                                        






Find a Lawyer













Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing










                    Justia Legal Resources
                



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                             © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











Koen Michael Alexander, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Koen Michael Alexander


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Koen Michael Alexander.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (1)
CIK Number: 0001686210


Earliest known filing
October 2016
Latest known filing
October 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Koen Michael Alexander has 1 filings. View Koen Michael Alexander filings.
Similar companiesKOENTOPF DAVID D, KOENINGER DAVID M, Koenigsberger Robert S, Koenigsberger Ricardo, Koenigsberger Dilek, Koenigsberg Richard L, KOENIGSBERG NATHAN, KOENIG THEODORE L, Koenig Suzanne A, Koenig Stuart F., Koenig Scott, KOENIG RONALD B, KOENIG ROGER L, Koenig Reinhard, KOENIG PEGGY, KOENIG NEIL H, KOENIG NANCY J, KOENIG NANCY J, KOENIG LINDA, Koenig Heather Russell, Koenig G Edward JR, Koenig Emery N., Koenig Edwin S., Koenig David Erwin, Koenig David, KOENIG DAVID, KOENIG CYNTHIA B, KOENIG CHARLES L, KOENIG BRIAN C, Koenig Bradford C., KOENIG ARTHUR, Koenig Albert S, Koenen Mark S, Koenemann Christine, Koenemann Barry D, Koeneman Claire A, KOENEMAN CHRIS, KOENEKE MICHAEL S, KOENECKE ROGER A, KOEN ROBERT G, KOEN PHILIP J














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Koen Michael Alexander. 







Michael Alexander Salon - Salon and Spa Products in Anthem, AZ



































 
		



































                                            (623)434-7895   



                                            Anthem, AZ   





















Home


Services


Products


SpecialsSpecialsService and Product Specials Brazilian Blowout Referral Program 


Staff


Guestbook


Photos


More PagesMore PagesAbout UsEventsMembershipNetworking


Contact Info




























Products & Brands ListRedkenSpecific needs. Simple decisions. Whether the need is strength, moisture, color protection or softness, Redken Haircare has a solution. With dozens of products you will find what your hair needs for a new and stylish lookBrazilian Blowout
The Brazilian Blowout is the most innovative and effective professional smoothing treatment in the world! Through the use of a Brazilian Super Nutrient Complex and a proprietary polymer system, the Brazilian Blowout actually improves the condition of the hair by creating a protective protein layer around the hair shaft to eliminate frizz and smooth the cuticle. OlaplexOlaplex uses a single ingredient that is free of silicone or oils, that links broken bonds in the hair during and after chemical services making them stronger than they were before. It may all sound like the same old mumbo jumbo, but check out what our colorists are saying about Olaplex.Original MineralsHealthy hair begins when it’s free from stress. O&M's products replace harsh chemicals, parabens, and sulfates with native Australian ingredients, natural extracts, and active minerals. Michael Alexander Salon is the only salon in Arizona to carry this exclusive brand! Living ProofUsing technology originating from MIT, Living Proof invents and patents new molecules that have never been used in beauty before. With over 45 awards to date, Living Proof continues to develop innovative solutions that change the way our hair and skin behaves, revolutionizing the world of beauty. Living Proof's products keep their promise and the only one who can prove it, is you. You are the living proof.AmikaThe name amika is derived from Latin and means “girlfriend” or “friend” in a number of the Romance languages. Infusing the latest technology with a creative edge, amika tools and hair care are born to perform and live to impress and truly live up to their name as hair’s best friend. Skin ScriptSkin Script provides a clinical, professional skin care line containing retinols, glycolics, lactics, salicylics and natural lighteners / brighteners allowing you to customize a treatment regimen for your clients’ skin conditions.RevitalashRevitaLash is a unique eyelash conditioner that will help you achieve the beautiful look of Longer, Thicker, and Fuller eyelashes. Like liquid eyeliner, RevitaLash is simply applied once a day. Within three to ten weeks, your own natural eyelashes will look Longer, Thicker, Fuller, and BEAUTIFUL! No matter how brittle, short, fragile, thin, or sparse your eye lashes are, RevitaLash can help you achieve long, beautiful, healthy looking eyelashes.Gelish Gel PolishNew from Hand & Nail Harmony comes Gelish Color Gels. The gels come in an array of colors, apply like polish, with twist cap and applicator, but are cured in a LED lamp in 30 seconds or in two minutes in traditional UV lamps, just like gels. Gelish stays on nails for three weeks with no chipping or peeling, and soak completely off in only 15 minutes.OPIOPI is renowned globally for its Nail Lacquers brilliant, chip-resistant, professional formula available in over 200 fashion-forward colors. Neither OPI Nail Lacquers nor any other OPI product or service is subject to animal testing.All logos appearing on this page are trademarked (™), restricted (®) and/or copyrighted (©), and are the exclusive property of their respective owners. The inclusion of these logos in no way implies any official endorsement by the companies represented.
























































































































Quality Services Depend on Quality Products!

Our team has carefully selected innovative and high-quality products to use on all of our clients. Additionally, we offer professional products for purchase in order for you to achieve a fresh out-of-the salon look at home. 

When purchasing your products from us, we will accept any products that did not meet your needs or expectations for store credit or exchange within 7 days of the purchase with your receipt. We apologize that cash or credit refunds cannot be given for used products. We reserve the right to not accept the return of certain products.
 

















































































         
        






         
        













Quick Links









Home





Services





Special Offers





Products





Staff Profiles




Guest Book





Contact Info





Photo Gallery










About Us





Events





Membership





Network
                                                        












Business Hours





 
			              Mon:
			            
 
		                10:00AM to 3:00PM
		              


 
		                Tues:
		              
 
		                9:00AM to 8:00PM
		              


 
		                Wed:
		              
 
		                9:00AM to 8:00PM
		              


 
		                Thur:
		              
 
		                9:00AM to 8:00PM
		              


 
		                Fri:
		              
 
		                9:00AM to 5:00PM
		              


 
		                Sat:
		              
 
		                9:00AM to 5:00PM
		              


 
		                Sun:
		              
 
		                Closed
		              






















Contact Info






Michael Alexander Salon








(623)434-7895








4215 West Anthem Way, Suite 111 Anthem, AZ85086, United States








MichaelAlexanderSalon@cox.net



Directions - Location - MapsGoogle Map | Mapquest Map | 
			








&copy 2017 Michael Alexander Salon, All Rights Reserved.  Unauthorized duplication is prohibited.
Powered by Elaborative Technologies serving the professional beauty industry with
Salon Builder AND Salon Employment AND Beauty Seeker












         
        









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Koen Michael Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Koen Michael Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Koen's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Koen Michael's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Koen Michael's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Koen Michael 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Koen’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailKoen’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Koen’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Koen is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Koen’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Koen is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Koen's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Koen's background in the comforts of home.
Koen will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Koen's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Koen Michael, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Koen's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























