 



Ted Koenig Announces the Formation of Monroe Capital LLC - A Specialty Finance Company Providing Capital to the Middle-Market | Business Wire


























































Ted Koenig Announces the Formation of Monroe Capital LLC - A Specialty Finance Company Providing Capital to the Middle-Market






November 01, 2004 06:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



				CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 1, 2004--Theodore L. Koenig is pleased to announce the formation of Monroe Capital LLC. Monroe Capital is a specialty finance company devoted to providing innovative capital to middle-market businesses. Monroe Capital specializes in originating, structuring and providing customized financing to corporate, real estate and asset-based borrowers based in the U.S. and Canada in amounts of $3 million to $40 million, with an ability to agent and syndicate larger transactions. These investments include senior and junior secured debt as well as bridge loans to companies who need immediate access to funds in order to take advantage of investment opportunities, flexible acquisition facilities for acquirers of opportunistic assets, mezzanine or last-out second loans that stretch a company's debt capacity, acquisitions of distressed debt and equity co-investments.  Monroe Capital will be based in Chicago and also have offices in New York and Los Angeles. It is backed by global institutional investors with over $11 billion in assets. Monroe Capital expands upon the activities previously conducted by the investment fund known as Hilco Capital LP, which Mr. Koenig co-founded and where he continues to serve as President and CEO. 

 According to Mr. Koenig, "Hilco Capital LP arranged for over $320 million in financing for middle-market businesses in 36 separate transactions. Now that the investment period under that fund has closed, creating Monroe Capital with the team was the logical extension of those activities. The opportunity to create an independent specialty finance business that can leverage off our diverse business relationships is both compelling and exciting. We have been very encouraged by the support we received from our friends and business partners over the years."  Michael D. Sharkey, President & CEO of LaSalle Business Credit, Inc., an affiliate of Chicago based LaSalle Bank said, "Ted Koenig and his team have been real innovators. They have pioneered the use of junior secured and second lien debt in the middle-market. The products they offer have become common place in most asset-based loan transaction structures today." Thomas A. Greco, Managing Director of GE's Corporate Lending business in Chicago, said, "With the financial backing to support larger scale transactions and the same core team, Monroe Capital will be one of the go to players in the industry. We look forward to continuing to work with them." Finally, Mark Adelson, Executive Vice President of CIT Business Credit, added, "We have done several deals with Ted and his team over the last few years. We look forward to continuing to work with Monroe Capital on many other transactions in the future. Their team has been a very reliable and effective business partner for us."  Mr. Koenig formed his first fund as a four-year term investment fund in 2000 specializing in providing junior secured debt and other second lien debt products. He was one of the first entrants into this rapidly growing business and is recognized as one of the leaders in this industry segment. The fund was organized as a joint venture between Koenig and Hilco Trading Co. and operated as a stand-alone business unit. Finance industry veterans, Michael J. Egan and Philip J. Isom, joined Koenig early on in creating and developing the business of the fund. Since then, the business had grown to over 15 professionals. Investments in companies included Cybex International, Inc.; Avado Brands, Inc.; Falcon Products, Inc.; FAO, Inc.; Navarre Corporation; Celestron LLC; MacGregor Golf Company; Railworks Corporation; Brook Furniture Rental, Inc.; Newport News, Inc.; Timco Aviation Services, Inc; Forsyth Shirt Company; Source Interlink Companies; and others. Of the fund's 36 completed transactions, 20 have been fully realized to date.  Mr. Koenig said, "I am very proud of what our team has been able to accomplish in a relatively short period of time. I am also very optimistic about the growth prospects for Monroe Capital, especially given the uncertain nature of the economy ahead. Traditional lenders will no doubt need to pull back from a credit perspective as their borrowers experience more challenging times. This is similar to the economic situation we faced when we started our first fund in 2000 when the financing market appeared to be at its peak. Our business thrives on market uncertainty, both in an expanding market and a down market."  With respect to the business of Hilco Capital LP, Mr. Koenig adds, "It will continue to be business as usual for all of our existing portfolio investments and loan commitments we have outstanding. We are an active investor with our portfolio companies and intend to continue to be very involved in monitoring and assisting our borrowers in any manner we can. Our borrowers will continue to deal with the same people that they have known and trusted now that we are in the harvest period of our first fund. The only difference will be that all of my team's new business efforts will be focused in Monroe Capital."  Monroe Capital is a specialty finance company providing flexible mezzanine financing, cash flow and enterprise value-based subordinated loans, junior secured, tranche B, second lien debt and last out participations, senior bridge loans and equity co-investments throughout North America. It specializes in providing revolving credit facilities and non-amortizing term loans in amounts of $3 million to $40 million with an ability to agent and syndicate larger transactions, for a refinance, restructure, acquisition, buyout, recapitalization, DIP, exit financing, or bridge loan to a broad cross section of manufacturers, distributors, retailers, importers and service providers. Monroe Capital prides itself on its flexible investment approach and its ability to close and fund transactions quickly. To learn more about Monroe Capital, visit www.monroecap.com.


Contacts
					Monroe Capital LLCTheodore L. Koenig, 847-272-0055fax: 847-239-7001website: www.monroecap.com












Contacts
			Monroe Capital LLCTheodore L. Koenig, 847-272-0055fax: 847-239-7001website: www.monroecap.com






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Theodore L. Koenig | Monroe Capital LLC






















































Skip to Main Content Area
















 

San Francisco
Los Angeles
New York
Chicago
     
Toronto
Dallas
Boston
Atlanta

  










Home
About Us
Industry VerticalsMonroe Capital Overview
Healthcare
Technology
Media
Retail & Consumer Products ABL
Specialty Finance
Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP")
Investing in Women and Minority-Owned Businesses

Transaction Types
Management Team
InvestmentsInvestments
Featured Transactions

NewsPress Releases
In the News
Upcoming Events

Investor Login
Contact UsMonroe Capital
Monroe Credit Advisors
























Theodore L. Koenig





President & CEO
tkoenig@monroecap.com
Theodore L. Koenig.vcf
Hometown: Chicago, IL
Role at Monroe Capital:

President & Chief Executive Officer

Joined the team: 2004
Education:

Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, B.S. in Accounting with high honors
Chicago-Kent College of Law, J.D. with honors

Experience:

Hilco Capital LP, President and Chief Executive Officer
Holleb & Coff, Partner
Winston & Strawn, Associate

Organizations:

Association for Corporate Growth
Commercial Finance Association, Director
Turnaround Management Association
Chicago-Kent College of Law, Board of Overseers
Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, Dean’s Advisory Council
The Allendale School, Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees
The Executives’ Club of Chicago

Favorite Food: Cheeseburgers

Favorite Movie: My Cousin Vinny




























Search this site: 













Copyright ©  Monroe Capital LLC. All rights reserved. 












Copyright ©  Monroe Capital  |  Financial Website Design by AltaStreet.com












	MONROE CAPITAL GROUP Trademark of Koenig, Theodore L.. Serial Number: 75821685 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
MONROE CAPITAL GROUP










 
Get FREE email alerts













MONROE CAPITAL GROUP  Trademark Information
 Koenig, Theodore L.
financial services, namely, commercial lending, asset-based lending, mezzanine/subordinated debt lending, equity investment, investment banking, private placement of equity and debt investments, lease financing, factoring services, investment management, and financial valuation of businesses and business assets




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         commercial   lending      assetbased   lending      mezzaninesubordinated   debt   lending      equity   investment      investment   banking      private   placement   equity   debt   investments       
                                    




This is a brand page for the MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark by Koenig, Theodore L. 
                                in Northbrook, , 60062.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Koenig, Theodore L. of the MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 12, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MONROE CAPITAL GROUP by 
                        Koenig, Theodore L., Northbrook 60062.
                        The USPTO has given the MONROE CAPITAL GROUP 
                        trademark serial  number of  75821685.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for MONROE CAPITAL GROUP is 
                        
                        
                                            DONALD R. LORENZEN of 
                                            SACHNOFF & WEAVER LTD,  30 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE 29TH FLOOR, CHICAGO, IL  60606 
                                .
                            The MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MONROE CAPITAL GROUP 
                            is financial services, namely, commercial lending, asset-based lending, mezzanine/subordinated debt lending, equity investment, investment banking, private placement of equity and debt investments, lease financing, factoring services, investment management, and financial valuation of businesses and business assets. 
                            





Word mark:
 MONROE CAPITAL GROUP


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

8/28/2001






  Serial Number:  
75821685


  Filing Date:  
10/12/1999


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
financial services, namely, commercial lending, asset-based lending, mezzanine/subordinated debt lending, equity investment, investment banking, private placement of equity and debt investments, lease financing, factoring services, investment management, and financial valuation of businesses and business assets


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/5/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

Koenig, Theodore L.Northbrook 60062
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL GROUP")


 Correspondent:


DONALD R. LORENZEN
SACHNOFF & WEAVER LTD
30 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE 29TH FLOOR
CHICAGO, IL  60606






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/28/2001
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DONALD R. LORENZEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MONROE CAPITAL GROUP trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search monroecapitalgroup on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MONROE CAPITAL GROUP 




MONROE CAPITAL GROUP is providing financial services, namely, commercial lending, asset-based lending, mezzanine/subordinated debt lending, equity investment, investment banking, private placement of equity and debt investments, lease financing, factoring services, investment management, and financial valuation of businesses and business assets.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 








Monroe Capital Plans Public BDC, Private SBIC Vehicles - PE Hub

























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Monroe Capital Plans Public BDC, Private SBIC Vehicles


March 4, 2011
By buyouts1






Monroe Capital LLC is bullish on credit, introducing an array of new lending options for buyout shops.
The Chicago specialty finance company, which announced Monday it raised $250 million for a new limited partner-backed fund, announced Friday it will raise $150 million from public investors by forming a business development company, Monroe Capital Corp.
The regulatory filing also said Monroe Capital received a license in February from the Small Business Administration to operate Monroe Capital Partners Fund LP as a small business investment company (SBIC), opening the door for additional lending capacity of up to $225 million.
“From the customer’s standpoint, it’s the same product,” said Theodore L. Koenig, Monroe Capital’s president and chief executive officer, referring to the lender’s lineup of senior secured, junior secured and mezzanine loans. “We want to provide consistent, flexible capital to our borrowers.”
Because the company is now in registration for a public offering of stock, Koenig said he was in a quiet period and could not discuss the company’s strategy.
But the filing itself provides some hints, as do Koenig’s previous statements.
Because it has public stockholders, a BDC provides permanent capital to a lender. And as long as it maintains a share price at least equal to the net asset value of the loans in its portfolio, it can return to the market whenever conditions are favorable to raise additional capital. But a BDC also has limitations: It can generally invest only in privately-held U.S. companies, and, unlike a fund-based lender, which can use leverage to the extent that the market will bear to increase its returns to LPs, a BDC is limited to a 1:1 leverage ratio. 





An SBIC has a different set of restrictions. Backed by LP investors, it can lend only to U.S. companies, generally borrowers with less than 500 employees, and it typically focuses on mezzanine lending. It is usually limited to $75 million in capital investments, and it can use 2:1 leverage, adding on up to $150 million in debt to form a $225 million fund. An SBIC can bundle and sell a portfolio of loans through an SBA debenture program, replenishing the fund with proceeds priced at an interest rate tied to 10-year Treasury bonds.
Both Monroe Capital’s BDC and SBIC will operate beneath the company’s existing LLC umbrella, forming a lending complex that should enable Koenig and his staff to match the borrower to the vehicle. As Koenig said in Monday’s fund announcement, “Our strategy of providing a total one-stop financing solution to lower middle-market companies differentiates Monroe from other finance companies and positions us well in the market to be a value-added strategic partner to both banks and our prospective clients.”
The new BDC will establish its initial portfolio from 34 loans now owned by Monroe Capital LLC, which had $440 million under management and more than 130 loans in its portfolio as of Dec. 31, according to the filing. The fair value of the initial portfolio is $96.3 million. These BDC-bound loans— 83.6 percent senior secured debt, 8.2 percent unitranche secured debt and 8.2 percent junior secured debt— were chosen because “they are similar to the type of investments we plan to originate,” the filing said. But future loans will be less concentrated in senior tranches and include more of a mix of senior, unitranche and junior secured debt. 





Monroe Capital announced earlier this year that it had hired six new staffers, including a managing director, to support its plans to lend more aggressively in 2011. The firm is looking now for managers to run the BDC offering, the filing said. Koenig said such IPOs typically take 60 to 90 days.
Steve Bills is a senior editor at Buyouts Magazine. Follow his tweets @Steve_Bills. Follow Buyouts tweets @Buyouts. For information on how to subscribe, contact Greg Winterton at [email protected]
 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

Thoma Bravo to sell Sparta Systems to New Mountain
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Post Capital sells BHS Specialty Chemicals
by Iris Dorbian

 


































What Every Finance Professional and CFO Needs to Know Now and Into 2012  -  ABFJournal



















































E-News Registration
Subscribe
Contact Us

Privacy Policy


Classifieds
ABFJ Mobile
ABFJournalfor the commercial finance professionalView the New Digital Edition

Inside the Latest ABFJ

Explore Past Issues

Home
News
Article Archive

Cover Stories
Executive Profiles
Articles By Category
Articles By Issue


Deal Chart
Services Directory
Classifieds
ABFJ in Print

Current Issue
Past Issues


Advertise

Demographics


Events




September 2011


What Every Finance Professional and CFO Needs to Know Now and Into 2012

By Theodore L. Koenig, President & CEO, Monroe Capital LLC

Now that we have all lived through the credit crisis and are still around to talk about it, where do we go from here? What do finance professionals and CFOs need to know in order to navigate the U.S. financing and capital markets now and in 2012? Monroe Capital’s Ted Koenig addresses three important areas of concern going forward.



There are three questions that every one of us has thought about over the last several months: Where will liquidity come from and who will be providing it? How will deals get done post-credit crisis? What are the things keep finance professionals and CFOs awake at night?
Whether you’re a banker, finance professional, CFO or service provider, we all have a vested interest in the answers to these questions. This article highlights some relevant and interesting market trends in these areas.
News Flash: Banks Make Money Today by Not Lending
Ever wonder why banks do not have huge lending appetites right now? Consider this: Thomas Hoenig, president of the Federal Reserve Bank Kansas City, said recently that the Federal Reserve’s policy of holding interest rates near zero is a subsidy for large banks that redistributes wealth from savers to debtors. Testifying before the House Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy, Hoenig said banks can borrow at .25% and buy Treasury bonds that yield over 3%.
“It provides them a means to generate earnings and restore capital, but it also reflects a subsidy to their operations,” Hoenig said. “It is not the Federal Reserve’s job to pave the yield curve with guaranteed returns for any sector of the economy, and we should not be guaranteeing a return for Wall Street or any special interest group,” Hoenig added. With a “risk-free” return of 3% leveraged at ten times, it is no wonder why banks today are not aggressively making new loans.
The Place to Be: As Mega-Deals Lose Their Luster, Middle-Market Companies are Becoming Increasingly Attractive
Private equity investors are increasingly focusing their efforts on middle-market companies. Investments in these companies demand less capital than larger deals and have greater flexibility when it comes to cashing out. This makes middle-market investing particularly attractive at a time when money remains tight and fundraising is challenging in the wake of the recession and global financial crunch. The statistics bear this out: middle-market deal volume is increasing, both in terms of the number of transactions and the dollar value of deals. (See Figures 1 and 2)
One of the factors driving this growth in middle-market deal volume is the increasing number of flexible capital sources available — capital sources that have the ability to structure deals in a variety of ways that best suit the needs of middle-market companies to finance growth. Private capital providers can deliver structures that allow for greater free cash-flow generation due to lower amortization and cash interest requirements in exchange for PIK interest, equity warrants and success-based fees. This allows borrowers to partner with creative lenders that are better aligned with the goals of financing growth and long-term profitability while still benefiting from the lower cost of capital and tax advantages of traditional debt financing.
Fasten Your Seatbelts: It’s Time to Blast Off for Investment Bankers, Private Equity Professionals and Deal Financiers/Lenders
Companies have been hoarding cash for more than two years; however, inflation is on the horizon and cash will have less value. With the economy slowly turning around, companies are spending on acquisitions designed to move their businesses forward rather than protecting them against the woes of a bad economy. Well-capitalized corporate buyers continue to seek growth, realization of synergies and diversification through strategic acquisitions that expand their footprint and product offerings.
The current U.S. private equity overhang (dry powder) stands at $477 billion. Since 2003, private equity fundraising has been driven not by the supply of private equity investments but rather by limited partner demand for private equity investments. This disconnect provides a partial explanation of the current overhang. Over the last decade, $1.5 trillion was raised by private equity firms, with follow-on funds raising nearly double the amount of their predecessor funds while consistently surpassing fundraising targets. In addition, a third of all funds since 2001 were raised by first-time fund managers, allowing limited partners to diversify their holdings as their allocations expanded.
The current overhang is unsustainable — given the nature of private equity fund structures, firms will lose the ability to invest this capital once their investment period runs out. At today’s deal flow pace, it would take around five years to invest the current overhang, which means that private equity firms must start investing now at a much higher rate if they want to invest their full fund (and collect the fees and carry on those remaining commitments). These private equity firms will try their hardest to put this capital to use, which should result in a plethora of M&A activity.
Game Changer: Unitranche Debt Has Gained Significant Traction With Middle-Market Borrowers
Unitranche debt provides borrowers with the benefits of flexible capital and a more efficient lending process that increases the speed with which borrowers can execute deals. Unitranche lending has become a common method of financing middle-market companies, and many private equity firms and lenders prefer unitranche debt over the conventional capital structure involving a senior debt provider and a mezzanine debt provider.
There are fewer parties to deal with, no intercreditor agreement issues among lenders and one set of rules and regulations for the company. Rather than having a separate interest rate for senior and mezzanine debt, the unitranche structure employs a single blended rate that averages out the cost of the two forms of capital. The simplicity of working with a single party can also help close deals quicker, an attractive characteristic for firms that value ease of execution and speed. In recent months, our firm’s clients have increasingly been requesting the unitranche product with over 50% of our financings involving unitranche debt.
The SBA Has Become a Popular Partner for Both Private Equity and Lenders
At a time when fundraising has significantly decreased and it’s been harder overall for private equity firms to raise new funds, the Small Business Administration (SBA) has stepped up to the plate. The SBA’s growth capital program, which invests in mezzanine and growth capital, increased its lending by 23% in fiscal year 2010, providing a record $1.59 billion to investors backing small businesses. Last year saw the highest volume in the 50-year history of the SBA’s Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) debenture program.
As the administration has fended off accusations that small business was ignored amid the bailouts — be it the Troubled Asset Relief Program or the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program — the SBA has been quietly putting capital to work directly into small businesses via the SBIC. “It costs the taxpayers zero and we are expecting the program to continue to grow in 2011,” according to Sean Greene, an associate administrator for investment and senior adviser for innovation at the SBA.
SBICs are privately owned and managed investment firms that are licensed and regulated by the SBA. SBICs use a combination of funds raised from traditional limited partners and the SBA to make equity and mezzanine capital investments in small businesses. There are currently more than 300 SBICs with more than $16 billion in capital under management.
Bank Loan Funds Have Been and Will Continue to be Very Popular With Investors, Which in Turn Has Created a White Hot High-Yield Market for Large Market Companies
Year-to-date June 30, mutual funds have registered inflows of more than $20 billion into leveraged loans, already surpassing the $18 billion in total inflows recorded in all of 2010, according to Lipper FMI. The outlook for credit is positive, buoyed by strong corporate earnings and low default rates. A new crop of floating rate funds are aiming to take advantage of robust demand for bank loans as investors seek mid-single digit returns and protection against an eventual rise in interest rates. At least eight mutual funds that will invest primarily in senior floating rate bank loans have launched this year or are preparing to launch, according to SEC filings.
Bank loans are loans made to non-investment grade large corporate borrowers. Expectations of a future rise in interest rates, combined with a positive outlook for U.S. corporate credit, have raised the profile of bank loans among both institutional and retail investors. The floating rate aspect makes bank loans a natural hedge against rising interest rates and inflation. Examples of major investment management firms launching floating rate funds include:

Credit Suisse’s Asset Management division recently re-launched the Credit Suisse Floating High Rate High Income Fund. The fund was previously focused on U.S. high-yield investments. “The re-launch is a shift in the execution of the investment strategy to an emphasis on floating rate bank loans over high-yield bonds. The high-yield bond fund field is crowded and the bank loan space has a compelling investment rationale,” said John Popp, head of Credit Suisse’s Credit Investment Group.
Global investment managing firm, PIMCO, launched the PIMCO Senior Floating Rate Fund, an open-end mutual fund in July 2011.
Nuveen Investments recently completed the initial public offering of the Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund, a new closed-end fund that will invest in below investment grade adjustable rate corporate debt instruments, including senior secured loans and second lien loans.
Prudential Investments in April began offering the Prudential Floating Rate Income Fund.
GSO Capital Partners, the credit platform of The Blackstone Group, is preparing to launch its third closed-end senior loan fund, according to a regulatory filing.
In May, Babson Capital Management said it would launch a global closed-end fund to invest in floating rate assets, including secured loans, according to a regulatory filing.
KKR Asset Management is raising a global closed-end fund to invest in fixed-income securities, including loans and high-yield bonds, an April regulatory filing said.

All of these funds will be competing for large market, broadly syndicated loan investments and high-yield bonds, making this a very crowded space.
Senior Secured Direct Lending Will Become Even More Popular With Institutional Investors
Senior secured direct lending represents an attractive investment opportunity in the current market environment. This is driven by the imbalance between low supply of capital for middle-market corporate borrowers and high demand from these companies. The dearth of available credit from traditional bank lenders in the middle-market space (as opposed to the large market space) has created a favorable environment for investors.
Funds with both capital to invest and the proper investment structure can utilize strong credit skills to seek returns in the high single digits and perhaps more. This is accomplished by investing in a diversified portfolio of self-originated, senior secured corporate loans. The senior secured nature of the investment offers downside protection to the investor. The returns in this segment of the market are at a significant spread to those available to investors focused on the large liquid credit names in bank loan funds.
This investment opportunity is consistent with Monroe Capital’s view that investors with a long-term horizon and the ability to invest in longer lock-up vehicles can benefit from a premium that accrues to illiquid and more complex investments. This investment can be utilized in the context of an opportunistic credit allocation, a client’s hedge fund sleeve or within a broader fixed income portfolio.
From the perspective of a borrower, senior secured financing is attractive because it does not require the company to give up significant equity ownership or control of their business. Instead, the loan is backed by collateral such as property, plant, equipment, inventory and receivables. Access to credit by the borrower is a function of the nature of such collateral, the amount of free cash flow generated, the health of their business, as well as the type of business and, to a significant extent, the current condition of the capital markets.
Private Equity Investing Has Become a Much More Difficult Business This Decade Than it Was in the Last 30 Years
If we look at the period from 1981 to 2000, the overall market maintained an upward trajectory and the use of leverage made perfect sense during that time. In 1981, debt created returns because we were operating in a high inflation environment, with interest rates that only moved lower for the next ten years. In a sense, you could buy a business with absolutely no growth, leverage it with 90% plus debt, watch inflation grow by 10% and triple your money. That was the story of the 1980s.
In the 1990s, we had the greatest bull market of all time: from January 1990 to the end of 1999, you could leverage just about anything and post an attractive return. If you just levered the stock market, for example, you would have been a leading fund manager.
However, going into this decade of the 2010s, investors will have to navigate a choppy, up-and-down market and not rely on an upcycle to bail them out. With inflation at least checked for now, private equity fund managers are going to have to earn their stripes. It is now a full-fledged business as opposed to merely a form of finance.
ESOPs Will Gain in Popularity for M&A Transactions
Increasingly, closely held business owners are turning to employee stock ownership plans to create liquidity from their businesses. This is due partly to the changing M&A landscape after the recession, partly to the aging of Baby Boomer business owners and partly to recently improved designs for transactions involving employee stock ownership plans. From a tax perspective, an ESOP appeals to selling shareholders because the transaction can be structured to permanently avoid payment of capital gains taxes (if they are a C corporation at the time of the sale), while the company can receive large income tax deductions for the repayment of both principal and interest on the acquisition costs.
An ESOP is a friendly financial buyer created for the sole purpose of buying a shareholder’s stock. The seller will dictate the amount of stock he or she wants to sell and the cash he or she wants to receive at closing. If senior debt does not provide enough up front liquidity, investment and mezzanine debt can be brought in. The most typical ESOP candidates are long-term businesses with consistent earnings. Often, when there are limited cash options from strategic or financial buyers, the ESOP creates the only available market. An ESOP can also be used as a tax-efficient strategy for one shareholder to buy out another.
CLOs Are Off Life Support and Viable Again
The pipeline for new collateralized loan obligation (CLO) deals stands now at $1.98 billion. So far this year, $7.6 billion in CLOs have been printed in the U.S., with the majority being CLOs backed by broadly syndicated loans. Around $4 billion in CLOs were issued in 2010, according to data from Citibank.
The U.S. CLO market has made a strong comeback this year after succumbing to a difficult credit crisis in 2009. Investors are lining up, both for CLOs’ senior-most tranches and for the equity piece, as the economics of investing in a CLO improve over time. Returns to equity holders in new issue CLO deals this year are being marketed at 12% to 15%. And even though many CLO managers are reportedly financing a hefty part of the equity tranches on their own, market participants say that interest is coming in from various quarters such as insurance companies, banks and private equity funds.
Warning: The Fed is Closely Watching Leveraged Loans.
The Federal Reserve, which has come under heavy criticism for failing to spot the housing market bubble, is now paying close attention to run-ups in asset prices that could pose risks to financial stability. In early June, vice chairman Janet Yellen identified one of the markets the central bank is monitoring the most closely: leveraged loans.
In a speech given in Tokyo, Yellen said the Fed is concerned that the large amount of money investors are pouring into syndicated loans has contributed to a rapid increase in purchase prices that could result in imprudent lending. Yellen noted that strong demand from investors has allowed borrowers to bargain for more attractive loan terms, “especially given that many funds catering to retail and other unlevered investors have little choice but to immediately deploy invested funds.” She cited as evidence “the re-emergence of deals that do not provide investors with the traditional protection of maintenance covenants —so called covenant-lite structures —and of deals financing the distribution of dividends to equity holders, as well as a gradual increase in the levering of the underlying corporate assets by borrowers.”
Yellen also noted that, prior to the financial crisis, lead arrangers of syndicated loans amassed significant pipelines of very large deals that they committed to finance. When investor interest waned, the banks were left with notable positions in “hung” deals, which resulted in substantial mark-to-market losses. When prices came under pressure, calls for additional collateral followed, leading in many cases to the sale of positions by banks and other market participants that put further pressure on valuations and started the cycle anew. It is speculated that if the Fed were to introduce regulation, it would most likely take the form of requirements that arrangers retain a portion of loans through maturity, so that if there is downside risk, particularly in the recovery mechanics of the loan, the banks or parties involved in the construction of the product would bear some of that risk.
Theodore (Ted) L. Koenig is president and CEO of Monroe Capital LLC, a private investment firm based in Chicago focused on senior, unitranche and junior debt in the middle-market as well as providing bridge loans. Koenig is a frequent speaker to various business and financial organizations on topics such as the current environment for senior, unitranche, junior and mezzanine debt, structuring leveraged loan transactions, private equity and M&A transactions and acquiring troubled companies. He has published numerous articles in these areas. Koenig earned his undergraduate degree in Accounting from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University with high honors and his graduate degree in Law from IIT-Chicago Kent College of Law with honors. He can be reached at tkoenig [at] monroecap [dot] com.
The author would like to acknowledge and thank Jeffrey Williams and Nathan Harrell for their contribution to this article. Williams is a vice president at Monroe Capital and earned his B.B.A. from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business and his M.B.A. with honors from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Harrell is an assistant vice president at Monroe Capital, and earned his B.A. from the University of Chicago.



Filed Under: 2011, Industry Related Tagged With: private equity


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
Email
Rss

 

 




 
Just Like McDonald’s: Factoring Franchises Offer Benefits to Entrepeneurs
Encina $30mm Dip Facility to American Apparel Approved By Court
When ABL is the Family Business: TD Bank’s Nemia Looks Back at 35 Years in the ABL Industry
Slow and Steady: Battaglia and Encina Business Credit — in the ABL Game for the Long Haul



Services Directory
Our services directory includes appraisers, liquidators, field examiners, software solution providers, specialty lenders and turnaround management firms. 

FEATURED PARTNERS:







Classifieds Preview
 
Business Development Officer – CO
June 23, 2017 

Consultant
June 20, 2017 

Field Examiners – Nationwide
June 13, 2017 

Return to top of pageCopyright © 2017 Xander Media Group · Log in









