



			Marguerite Kondracke Agent | Speaker Fee | Booking Contact
	















About UsRecent BookingsFeatured SpeakersTestimonialsBlogContact Us









1.888.550.6672






Start Your Booking Request Now








About UsRecent BookingsFeatured SpeakersTestimonialsBlogContact Us











Marguerite Kondracke Speaker & Booking Information



Search  Marguerite Kondracke







					President and CEO of America's Promise Alliance
				










								Category
							

Business Speakers, 																	Political Speakers 






								Fee Range
							

Call for Booking Fee







								Travel Location
							

								Available Upon Request
							







						Book Marguerite Kondracke for Your Next Event
					


Book Marguerite Kondracke For
Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, VIP Meet & Greets, Store Grand Openings

Book Marguerite Kondracke for a Speaking Engagement
Businesses, Non-profit organizations, event planners and companies across the country have worked closely with our booking agents to hire Marguerite Kondracke for a speaking engagements, guest appearances, product endorsements and corporate events. Many of those same clients have continued to turn to our speakers bureau as we can easily align Marguerite Kondracke’s availability with their upcoming seminar, gala, annual conference, corporate function, and grand opening. Our close relationship with Marguerite Kondracke’s  booking agent and management team further enables us to provide inquiring clients with Marguerite Kondracke’s speaking fee and appearance cost.
If your goal is to hire Marguerite Kondracke to be your next keynote speaker or to be the next brand ambassador our celebrity speakers bureau can assist. If Marguerite Kondracke’s booking fee is outside your companies budget or your unable to align with his appearance availability, our booking agents can provide you a list of talent that aligns with your event theme, budget and event date.
					

Since 2004, Marguerite W. Kondracke has been President and CEO of America's Promise Alliance, founded in 1997 by General Colin Powell. With more than 300 national partners, America's Promise is currently focused on addressing the nation's high school dropout crisis. During her 40-year career, Marguerite has been both an entrepreneur and a public servant. She brings to America's Promise Alliance extensive multi-sector experience as an advocate for children and families. Before joining the Alliance, Marguerite served as Special Assistant to U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander and Staff Director for the Senate Subcommittee on Children and Families. Previously, she also co-founded and was CEO of the nation's largest employersponsored child care company, Bright Horizons Family Solutions, one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For." Recently, Marguerite was named one of the "Top 50 People of Power and Influence in 2008" by The Non-Profit Times. She is a board member of the Independent Sector and also a trustee of Duke University. Marguerite is married to award-winning journalist Morton Kondracke, and they have four children and two grandchildren.



						Read More About Marguerite Kondracke 
						





					Let our team of booking agents help create a memorable experience with hiring Marguerite Kondracke for your store grand opening, golf outing, trade show booth or corporate outing.
				



						Book Marguerite Kondracke for Your Next Event
					




NOPACTalent acts as a Celebrity Speakers Bureau and Athlete Booking agency for corporate functions, appearances, private events and speaking engagements. NOPACTalent does not claim or represent itself as Marguerite Kondracke’s speakers bureau, agent, manager or management company for Marguerite Kondracke or any celebrity on this website. NOPACTalent represents organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and entertainers for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal appearances, and speaking engagements. 





		Inquire About Fees
		



		Have our booking experts help find you the best speaker for your event.
	











Start Request

 


		Search Other Talent
	


Search by Category
Activists
Actor
Adventurers and Explorers
Artists
Astronauts
Authors
Business Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Entertainment
Health and Wellness
Journalist
Lifestyle Speakers
Sports	
																																																																																																																																																																																											;	
		



Search by Fee Range
$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and Up
Call for Booking Fee	
			;
		




							Similar Speakers
						








													Simon Anderson
												

													Futurist
												










													Richard Rosenblatt
												

													Co-Founder of Demand Media 
												










													Bernie Siegel, MD
												

													Medical Writer
												










													Eason Jordan
												

													Director of Operations and Communications at the Malala Fund
												










													Lucien Engelen
												

													Director of the Radboud REshape Innovation Center
												





								View More Speakers
							




		Speaker Categories
	

Business Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Entertainment
Health and Wellness
Lifestyle Speakers
Sports
View More >

 


		Search By Fee
	

$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and Up
Call for Booking Fee

 







Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now
Click Here










						Categories
					

About UsRecent BookingsFeatured SpeakersTestimonialsBlogContact Us




						Find us in
					








						Contact us
					




						888.550.6672
					




						Bookings@NOPACTalent.com
					


					Copyright © 1999-2015. NOPACTalent | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Sitemap















Marguerite Kondracke | Author at The Muse 























































You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.

















Career Advice

Getting Started
Getting Ahead
Work Relationships
Changing Jobs
Work-Life Balance
Working Abroad
Career Videos



Job Search

Finding a Job
Resumes & Cover Letters
Interviewing for a Job
Networking
Jobs of the Week
Job Search Videos



Career Paths

Finding Your Passion
Exploring Career Paths
Career Changes
Grad School



Management

Hiring
Conflict Resolution
Management Style
Team Culture



Tools & Skills

Productivity
Business Travel
Tech Skills
Communication
Social Media & Blogging
Negotiation & Money



Breakroom

Trending Topics
Book Reviews
Lifestyle
Time Wasters




More 

Management
Tools & Skills
Breakroom








Career Advice
Job Search

More 

Career Paths
Management
Tools & Skills
Breakroom



























































best live chat

 









<< Back to Search






Marguerite Kondracke

			Loading your recognition...
		


									Other recognitions for
									Marguerite Kondracke:									
								

Power & Influence Top 50Power & Influence Top 50 

 

 










 


Marguerite Kondracke - Encore.org                               Encore.org  Marguerite Kondrackeformer President and CEO, America's Promise -- The Alliance for YouthPurpose Prize Fellow 2006 Making children and youth a national priorityMarguerite (Sallee) Kondracke has devoted her career in both the public and private sectors to improving the well-being of young people. After she developed the Healthy Child Initiative as a cabinet member in the administration of then Tennessee Governor Lamar Alexander, infant mortality fell to its lowest point in the state’s history. As a single working mother, she co-founded a pioneering company in the field of employer-sponsored child care. This company, Bright Horizons Family Solutions, is now a public company working in partnership with more than 500 of the nation’s leading employers to offer high-quality, on-site child care that helps employees balance work and family. In 2004, Kondracke became the CEO of America’s Promise, a nonprofit that has become the nation’s largest cross-sector alliance working for the well-being of young people. America’s Promise is a collaborative network involves 400 national partners – including corporations, nonprofits and foundations – as well policymakers, communities and individuals. Together, members of this network leverage their efforts to ensure that all young people in America will receive five essential resources they need to succeed: caring adults, safe places, a healthy start, effective education and opportunities to help others. Under Kondracke’s leadership, the America’s Promise has established an ambitious five-year goal: to change the lives of 15 million underserved young people through the power of these Five Promises.  Visit the America's Promise -- The Alliance for Youth websiteShare StoryLinkedInGoogle+FacebookTwitter       


Marguerite W. Kondracke: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 8:15 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of LoyaltyPoint, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Marguerite W. Kondracke  Executive, LoyaltyPoint, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 10 Board Members in 10 different organizations across 10 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mrs. Marguerite W. Kondracke, also known as Salle, serves as the Chief Executive Officer and President at America’s Promise Alliance. Mrs. Kondracke served as President and Chief Executive Officer of CorporateFamily Solutions Inc. from February 1987 to July 1998. She co-founded corporate family Solutions Inc. in 1987. She serves at LoyaltyPoint, Inc. She served as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Brown Schools from September 2001 to March 2003. Mrs. Kondracke ... served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Frontline Group, Inc. from July 1999 to August 2001. She served as Chief Executive Officer of Bright Horizons Family Solutions from July 1998 to January 1999. She was a Co-founder of Bright Horizons Family Solutions. She served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of America's Promise - The Alliance for Youth. Mrs. Kondracke served as the Chairman of Ladies Professional Golf Association. She served as Co-Chairman of the Board of Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. from May 1999 to December 2001. She served as the Chairman of the Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce. She serves as a Director of Malaria No More and of GSV Advisors. She serves as a Board Member of Rosetta Stone (UK) Limited. Mrs. Kondracke serves as Board Member and Secretary of Independent Sector. She has been a Director of Saks Incorporated since 1996. She has been a Director of Corporation for National and Community Service since March 29, 2012. Mrs. Kondracke has been an Independent Director of Bright Horizons Family Solutions, Inc. since December 2, 2004. She serves as a Director of Ladies Professional Golf Association. She serves as a Director of Proffitt's Inc., MagneTek Inc. and Phoenix Healthcare Corporation. She served as a Member of the Advisory Board at Avondale Partners, LLC. She served as a Director of Teachscape, Inc. Mrs. Kondracke served on Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.'s Board of Directors from 1998 to March 2003. She served as a Director of Rosetta Stone, Inc. from December 1, 2011 to January 19, 2016. She served as a Director of CorporateFamily Solutions Inc., since February 1987. She is a delegate to the Presidential Summit for Children. During her 40-year career, Mrs. Kondracke has been both an entrepreneur and a public servant, focusing on the needs of children and families. She served as Special Assistant to U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander and Staff Director of Senate Subcommittee on Children and Families from April 2003 to September 2004. Mrs. Kondracke served as Commissioner of Human Services in former Governor Lamar Alexander's cabinet. She serves as also a Member of the Board of Directors of Saks Fifth Avenue. She has been an Independent Director of LifePoint Health, inc. (formerly known as LifePoint Hospitals, Inc.) since November 2007. She serves as a Trustee of Washington's Arena Stage. She has been a Director of The American Academy, LLC since May 2013. She serves as a Board of Trustees Duke University Medical Center. She served as Special Assistant to U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander. Throughout her career, Mrs. Kondracke has received numerous awards and honors; including being named a Purpose Prize Fellow, awarded by Civic Ventures to those over 60 taking on society’s biggest challenges. Ms. Sallee served in Tennessee state government where she developed and led a statewide four-year “Healthy Children Initiative.“ She was named by The Non-Profit Times as one of the “Top 50 People of Power and Influence in 2008.” She is an alumna and a trustee of Duke University, where she co-chairs Duke Engage. Mrs. Kondracke received a Bachelor of Arts from Duke University and a Master's Degree in Psychology from Austin Peay University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3885 Crestwood ParkwayDuluth, Georgia 30096United StatesPhone: 770-638-5101Fax: 770-736-0931
Board Members Memberships
DirectorLadies Professional Golf AssociationDirectorIndependent SectorDirectorMalaria No MoreDirectorGSV AdvisorsBoard MemberRosetta Stone (UK) Limited1996-PresentDirectorSaks Incorporated2004-PresentIndependent DirectorBright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.2007-PresentIndependent DirectorLifePoint Health, Inc.2012-PresentDirectorCorporation for National and Community Service2013-PresentDirectorGraduation Alliance Inc.
Education
BA Duke UniversityMA Austin Peay State University
Other Affiliations
Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc.Frontline Group, Inc.Saks IncorporatedCorporateFamily Solutions, Inc.LifePoint Health, Inc.Teachscape, Inc.Avondale Partners, LLCDuke UniversityAustin Peay State UniversityCorporation for National and Community ServiceRosetta Stone Inc.Ladies Professional Golf AssociationIndependent SectorMalaria No MoreGSV AdvisorsGraduation Alliance Inc.Rosetta Stone (UK) Limited


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact LoyaltyPoint, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























   Marguerite Kondracke | University of Washington's Institute for Learning and Brain Science | ZoomInfo.com




















 



 Marguerite Kondracke joins board of directors at The American Academy 
         










    










 






 











 









Marguerite Kondracke joins board of directors at The American Academy

May 15, 2013, 09:30 ET
		  		  														
						 from   The American Academy 











 
















































 

 




















 


SALT LAKE CITY, May 15, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- The American Academy, which partners with school districts across the United States to serve students who have dropped out of school or are at risk of doing so, has announced the appointment of former America's Promise Alliance president Marguerite W. Kondracke to its board of directors.
The announcement comes as Kondracke is receiving further acknowledgment of her contributions to children and families in the form of the Return on Education Lifetime Achievement Award for her four decades of work as a social entrepreneur and public servant. 
In response to a need she recognized for working parents to care for their children, Kondracke co-founded Bright Horizons Family Solutions, the nation's largest provider of employer-sponsored childcare. Later, as the chief executive for America's Promise, which was founded in 1997 by Gen. Colin Powell to make children a national priority, Kondracke helped energize a conversation on the dropout epidemic that has prompted nationwide action. 
"Marguerite has done so much for our nation's children," said American Academy chief executive officer Ray Kelly. "She's a tenacious fighter and her track record at building organizations is incredible, so we're thrilled to have her on a team dedicated to improving the lives of at-risk students."
A rapidly expanding part of that effort is The American Academy's NoDropouts program, which leverages the flexibility of online learning with the power of personal support to help at-risk students succeed. The program is in use by more than 80 school districts across the country.
"There is so much potential in each student that is too easily written off when the circumstances of their lives overcome their ability to keep attending school in the traditional way," Kondracke said. "What NoDropouts promises is a chance to carry on with the flexibility and support students need to overcome those obstacles. That's changing lives — and I'm so excited to be part of it."
Prior to her service at America's Promise, Kondracke served as special assistant to U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, staff director for the Senate Subcommittee on Children and Families, and commissioner of Tennessee's Department of Human Services. 
For more information on The American Academy and its NoDropouts program, visit NoDropouts.com. 
Contact: Jeff Beck, 801-877-1551, Jeff.Beck@NoDropouts.com
 SOURCE  The American Academy  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


 

Biography of Marguerite Kondracke for Appearances, Speaking Engagements





















































1.800.698.2536 







































 











 






Your Location:  
Home  
Marguerite Kondracke Speaker Profile  
Marguerite Kondracke Biography



SHARE  





Marguerite Kondracke
 Category :Activists, Political Commentators, Non Profit, Education 

Booking Fee Range :
Please Contact             
Booking Fee Range :

Travels From :
Please Contact 







Inquire About Marguerite Kondracke!Inquire About Marguerite Kondracke!



Have Questions? Need Suggestions? Want Help? Please fill out the form below or call us at 1-800-MY-TALENT to speak with a talent specialist.







* Required fields



Which speakers / talent would you like information on?

Marguerite Kondracke



Type of Event:


Convention/Trade Show
Corporate Video/Infomercial
Endorsement/Spokesperson Campaign
Fee Information
Personal Appearance
Product Launch
Satellite Media Tour
Speaking Engagement
Performance or Show
Other




Talent Budget:*


Please Select ...
$5,000 or less
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $50,000
$50,000 - $100,000
$100,000 and above
I have a budget, but I am unsure of what it is
I am looking for Talent to donate their time





Additional Comments:







Name:*






Organization:





E-Mail:*






Phone:






 




 














Biography of Marguerite Kondracke


Marguerite W. Kondracke is senior advisor to America's Promise Alliance. Kondracke served as president and CEO of America's Promise Alliance from 2004 to May 16, 2012.During her 40-year career, Mrs. Kondracke has been both an entrepreneur and a public servant, focusing on the needs of children and families. Prior to joining the Alliance, she served as Special Assistant to U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander, as well as Staff Director for the Senate Subcommittee on Children and Families. She also served in the cabinet of then Tennessee Governor Alexander as Commissioner of the Department of Human Services. Previously, Mrs. Kondracke was co-founder and CEO of Bright Horizons Family Solutions, the nation's largest provider of employer-sponsored child care and one of Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For." Today she continues to serve on the company's board of directors. She is also a member of the board of directors of Saks, Inc., LifePoint Hospitals, and Teachscape.Throughout her career, Mrs. Kondracke has received numerous awards and honors, including being named a Purpose Prize Fellow, awarded by Civic Ventures to those over 60 taking on society's biggest challenges. For the past three years, Mrs. Kondracke has been named by The Non-Profit Times as one of the "Top 50 People of Power and Influence."She is an alumna and now a trustee of Duke University, where she co-chairs DukeEngage, which makes civic engagement an integral part of the undergraduate experience. Mrs. Kondracke also holds a master's degree in psychology from Austin Peay State University. She is married to award-winning journalist Morton Kondracke; they enjoy golf, international travel, and spending time with their four children and three grandchildren.            

All American Speakers is a speakers bureau and booking agency providing information on booking Marguerite Kondracke for speaking engagements, personal appearances and corporate events. Contact an All American Speakers Bureau booking agent for more information on Marguerite Kondracke speaking fees, availability, speech topics and cost to hire for your next event.



Tag Cloud

  booking agency famous corporate event appearance fees favorite celebrity speaker bureaus marguerite kondracke how to find hire schedule recommended entertainment contact special event keynote speakingmarguerite kondracke 


Booking Agency Disclaimer:


Marguerite Kondracke Booking Agency: Celebrity Appearance Fees and Availability
Contact a booking agent to check availability on Marguerite Kondracke and other top corporate entertainment
Exclusive Buyer's Agent that Books Celebrities, Entertainers and Speakers like Marguerite Kondracke for Speaking Engagements, Appearances and Corporate Events

Please Note: All American Speakers Bureau acts only as an entertainment broker/producer for corporate functions, private engagements and special events. All American Speakers Bureau does not claim or represent itself as the exclusive agent or management of Marguerite Kondracke or any artist on this website. Speaker fees are determined based on a number of factors and may change without notice. Fees often vary based on a number of factors including: speakers schedule, supply and demand, length of presentation, location of event and other factors. Fee Ranges listed on this website are intended to serve only as a guideline. In some cases, the actual price quote may be above or below the stated range.

                All American Speakers Bureau is a celebrity booking agency and talent buyer which supplies celebrity talent worldwide. We secure speakers and celebrities for speaking engagements, advertising campaigns, personal appearances, commercials, licensing, voice-overs, product endorsements, spokesperson campaigns, publicity events, corporate entertainment, trade shows, and media tours.

                Related Tags: Information on keynote speaking engagements, personal appearances, corporate entertainment and appearance fees for Marguerite Kondracke, an inspirational motivational speaker. bio for Marguerite Kondracke agency, manager, speaker fees, speaking agency entertainment booking agency, speaker's fee, how to book, booking agencies for lectures, speaking event, celebrity appearances for hire, who is agent, manager, publicist, who represents, speakers bureau management who represents Marguerite Kondracke
















Popular Topics

Business Speakers
Celebrity Speakers
Diversity Speakers
Education Speakers
Health & Wellness
Leadership Speakers
Motivational Speakers


Political Speakers
Sales & Marketing
Sports Speakers
Technology Speakers
TED Speakers
University Speakers
Women Speakers



Talent Finder

Speakers by Topics
Speakers by Fee
Speakers by Location
Speakers by Industry
Keynote Speaker Lists
Advanced Search



About AAE

Meet Our Team
About Us
All American Advantage
Testimonials
Our Philosophy
Speakers Bureau FAQs
Contact Us



Quick Links

Speakers Bureau Home
Request Booking Info
Speaker News & Blog
Event Planner Resources
View all Speakers
Client Login




AAE is one of the premier celebrity booking agencies and top keynote speakers bureaus in the world. Let us help you find the perfect motivational speaker, celebrity, or entertainer for your next corporate event.









Copyright © 2017 All American Speakers Bureau. All rights reserved.
Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy
 










subscribe





 TOP 































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




