


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























 
















 
















 
















 
















 


Kovacs Kevin Somerville, NJ 08876 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeProduct Liability Law Attorneys near Somerville, NJKovacs KevinIn mybook® : Services Collection (edit)Added to your services collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your services collection.Kovacs KevinWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!10 E Cliff St, Somerville, NJ 08876(908) 526-7117Add HoursAdd to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteView ServicesSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessSponsored LinksHoursDo you know the hours for this business?Extra PhonesPhone: (908) 526-7110Phone: (908) 526-7119Phone: (908) 526-7111Primary Phone: (908) 526-7111AKAKevin KovacsKevin Kovacs Law OfficeOther Linkhttp://www.kovacslawoffice.comCategoriesProduct Liability Law Attorneys, Attorneys, Labor & Employment Law Attorneys, Business Law Attorneys Other InformationSpecialties: Personal Injury, Personal Injuries, Injury Claims, Property DamageCOUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Sponsored LinksMap & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedThe Goldstein Law Firm, LLCBrian Cige Attorney At Law7 E High St, Somerville, NJSpengler Robert59 W Union Ave, Bound Brook, NJCivil Trial Certified Attorney141 W End Ave, Somerville, NJLaw Offices of Kirsten B Ennis(1)92 E Main St Ste 407, Somerville, NJPaid AdvertisementRelated ArticlesWhen to Call a Lawyer vs. a MediatorAs in a court case, the process of mediation provides a method of conflict resolution. However, it is much more informal and does not usually assign fault to one party or another…What Type of Injuries Can a Personal Injury Lawyer Help withA personal injury lawyer can help defendants in a variety of situations, from car accidents to defamation. Learn what personal injury attorneys can offer.How to Work with Divorce Lawyers & Avoid Financial MistakesDivorce lawyers help couples agree to the terms of their separation, but can also be very expensive. Learn how to choose the right lawyer and save money.more related articles » 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Kevin P. Kovacs | Law Office of Kevin Kovacs | Somerville, New Jersey








































888-851-0364


Contact
  Menu




success in the community Success in the Courtroom







  View Practice Areas
 
Kevin P. Kovacs

  
Kevin P. Kovacs   Attorney   Location:  Somerville, New Jersey Phone:  			888-851-0364			908-336-0311  Fax:  			908-526-7110  Email:   Email Me     Mr. Kovacs received his B.A. degree in Political Science from the State University of New York at Albany in 1977 and received his J.D. degree with High Honors from Rutgers University School of Law in 1980. He served as Notes Editor on the Law Journal and won the American Jurisprudence Most Scholarly Contribution To The Law Award. Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Kovacs spent three years as a Trial Attorney for the Civil Division of the United States Department of Justice in Washington, D.C. He represented Executive Agencies in defense of constitutional challenges to government programs and earned the Attorney General's Special Achievement Award for Excellence.From 1985 to 1995 Mr. Kovacs was an attorney at Lowenstein, Sandler, Kohl, Fisher & Boylan, ultimately becoming a Director in the Firm's Litigation Department. While there, Mr. Kovacs represented a mix of small family-owned companies, mid-sized businesses and Fortune 500 companies in employment, product liability and commercial matters. He joined Purcell, Ries, Shannon, Mulcahy & O'Neill as a partner in 1995.Mr. Kovacs has extensive trial experience in a wide variety of matters. He has successfully tried numerous cases involving claims of wrongful discharge, discrimination and harassment. He has represented school boards as special litigation counsel; banks in lender liability actions; and businesses in breach of contract and related commercial matters. Mr. Kovacs also has substantial trial experience in personal injury, workers compensation, toxic tort and product defect litigation.Mr. Kovacs is certified by the Supreme Court of New Jersey as a Civil Trial Attorney. He served for six years as a Master and Bencher in the Joseph Halpern American Inn of Court working closely with new lawyers in developing trial skills in the region. Mr. Kovacs was the President of the Somerset County Bar Association (2002-2003). Mr. Kovacs was a member of the Board of Directors of Somerset Sussex Legal Services Corp for over ten years and in 2001 he was awarded the Equal Justice Medal by Legal Services of New Jersey for his pro bono efforts.Mr. Kovacs has been certified by the New Jersey Supreme Court as a Civil Trial Attorney since 1992. Only a small percentage of New Jersey lawyers are Board Certified. It requires demonstrated trial experience, recommendations from Judges and adversaries, extensive legal training and a passing grade on a rigorous exam. Because of his status as a Certified Civil Trial Attorney, a former President of the Somerset County Bar Association and his demonstrated skills, many lawyers in the area frequently refer cases to him for handling.For ten straight years, from 2006 to 2016, Mr. Kovacs was selected as a New Jersey Super Lawyer, as published in the New Jersey Monthly magazine, in the practice areas of Personal Injury and Employment Law. Super Lawyer designation is achieved through an independent survey and peer review process. Less than 4 percent of New Jersey lawyers are designated Super Lawyers. Mr. Kovacs also has been given the highest rating for quality and ethics by Martindale Hubble, a leading attorney service company.Mr. Kovacs has served on the Board of Trustees for Somerset Sussex Legal Services, as an Ethics Investigator for the Vicinage XIII Ethics Committee and as an Arbitrator for the Somerset County Court. He was awarded the Legal Services Equal Justice Medal in 2001 and the Best of Branchburg Award from the Branchburg Rotary Club for his community service.Mr. Kovacs has taught Business Law at Middlesex County College. He has also been a barrister in the Joseph Halpern Inns of Court training new lawyers in trial techniques. He has served as a coach for several local high schools participating in statewide moot court competitions. Mr. Kovacs has been a frequent speaker in seminars hosted by the New Jersey State Bar Association, the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, The Somerset County Bar Association and various insurance companies and groups.Mr. Kovacs has taken on difficult cases and won them. For example, in Jane Doe v. the XYZ Corp., 382 N.J. Super. 122 (App. Div. 2005), Mr. Kovacs sought to hold an employer responsible for its employee's use of his workplace computer for posting photos on the internet that he had clandestinely taken of a young girl. The lower Court threw the case out but on appeal, the Court reversed opening the way for compensation for the young girl and other such victims. The case has gained nationwide attention as setting new obligations on employers to help fight child pornography.In Accardi v. EnviroPak, 317 N.J. Super. 457 (App. Div. 1999), Mr. Kovacs' client was injured while working on a storage lot owned by a separate company. Because he was under the control of his employer, however, the Defendant was successful in having the case dismissed at the end of the trial. Rather than give up, Mr. Kovacs appealed. The Appellate Division, in a precedent setting decision, reversed and concluded that the neighbor company could be responsible leading the way to retrial and a verdict for Mr. Kovacs' client in excess of two million dollars.Mr. Kovacs has taken on a health insurance carrier who refused to pay for medical treatment for cancer, a life insurance company which refused benefits, a large employer that had condoned sexual harassment and fired the woman who complained and bars that had served visibly intoxicated customers who later injured other innocent drivers. He obtained one of the highest punitive damage verdicts in the State against an employer that had fired three employees because of their age.Mr. Kovacs has handled complex commercial litigation. He is experienced in all types of personal injury, automobile accident, product liability and premises liability claims. He has represented employees and employers in discrimination, wrongful discharge and breach of contract actions. Mr. Kovacs has also represented injured employees in Workers' Compensation Court obtaining for them benefits wrongfully denied by insurance carriers.   Areas of Practice  Personal Injury -- Plaintiff Motor Vehicle Accidents -- Plaintiff Workers' Compensation Law    Certified Legal Specialties  Civil Trial Attorney, New Jersey Supreme Court, 1992    Bar Admissions  New Jersey, 1980 U.S. Court of Appeals 3rd Circuit, 1984 U.S. District Court District of New Jersey, 1980    Education  Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey School of Law - Camden, Camden, New Jersey  J.D., Doctor of Jurisprudence  magna cum laude - 1980   Honors: With High Honors Honors: American Jurisprudence Most Scholarly Contribution To The Law Award   Law Journal: Rutgers-Camden Law Journal, Notes and Comments Editor, 1979 - 1980  State University of New York, Albany, New York  B.A., Bachelor of Arts - 1977   Major: Political Science     Published Works  Transportation of Nuclear Materials, 11 Rutgers-Camden Law Journal 63, 1979    Representative Cases  Jane Doe v. the XYZ Corp., 382 N.J. Super. 122 (App. Div. 2005) Accardi v. EnviroPak, 317 N.J. Super. 457 (App. Div. 1999)    Classes/Seminars  Teacher, Business Law, Middlesex County College Barrister, training new lawyers in Trial Techniques, Joseph Halpern Inns of Court Frequent Speaker in seminars, New Jersey State Bar Association Frequent Speaker in seminars, Association of Trial Lawyers of America Frequent Speaker in seminars, The Somerset County Bar Association    Honors and Awards  Attorney General's Special Achievement Award for Excellence, United States Department of Justice Equal Justice Medal by Legal Services of New Jersey, 2001 New Jersey Super Lawyer in the practice areas of Personal Injury and Employment Law, New Jersey Monthly magazine, 2006 - Present Highest rating for quality and ethics by Martindale Hubble Legal Services Equal Justice Medal, 2001 Best of Branchburg Award, Branchburg Rotary Club    Professional Associations and Memberships  Somerset County Bar Association, President, 2002 - 2003 Somerset County Bar Association, Former President Joseph Halpern American Inn of Court, Master and Bencher    Past Employment Positions  United States Department of Justice in Washington, D.C., Civil Division, Trial Attorney Lowenstein, Sandler, Kohl, Fisher & Boylan, Attorney/Litigation Department, Director Purcell, Ries, Shannon, Mulcahy & O'Neill, Partner, 1995    Pro Bono Activities  Somerset Sussex Legal Services Corp., Member of the Board of Directors Ethics investigator for the District XIII Ethics Committee Arbitrator for the Somerset County Court   











 Email Us For Response






© 2017 by Law Offices of Kevin Kovacs, Esq. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map
Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. 


Back To Top





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














 



hhgregg Appoints Kevin Kovacs as Chief Financial Officer and Samuel Johnson as Chief Retail Officer | Business Wire


























































hhgregg Appoints Kevin Kovacs as Chief Financial Officer and Samuel 
      Johnson as Chief Retail Officer






August 09, 2016 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



INDIANAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--hhgregg, Inc. (NYSE:HGG) today announced key internal promotions of 
      Kevin Kovacs to Chief Financial Officer and of Sam Johnson to Chief 
      Retail Officer.
    


      Mr. Kovacs is assuming the CFO role from Robert Riesbeck who was 
      recently appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. Since joining 
      hhgregg in 2009, Mr. Kovacs held the roles of Vice President/Controller 
      and Director of Tax and Treasury. Prior to joining the company, he 
      served as Director of Tax and Treasury for Steak n Shake, and as Senior 
      Tax Manager with KPMG, LLP. Mr. Kovacs is a Certified Public Accountant 
      and holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Indiana University.
    

      Mr. Johnson has been promoted to Chief Retail Officer. Since joining 
      hhgregg in 2010, Mr. Johnson has served in the role of Senior Vice 
      President of Stores. In addition to his responsibility for Store 
      Operations, Customer Relations, Fine|Lines and Commercial Sales, Mr. 
      Johnson will assume responsibility for Real Estate and Visual 
      Merchandising. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Johnson held the roles 
      of Vice President of Small Stores, Regional Vice President of Northwest 
      Stores and Regional Director of Merchandising and Operations with Sears 
      Holding Corporation. Mr. Johnson holds a Bachelor of Arts in History 
      from East Tennessee State.
    

      “As a result of the significant contributions Sam and Kevin have 
      delivered in their time with hhgregg, we are excited to promote them to 
      roles of greater responsibility,” said Mr. Riesbeck. “Both will continue 
      to perform as significant members of the senior leadership team. We look 
      forward to their continued contribution to drive positive impacts as we 
      achieve our growth and profitability goals.”
    

About hhgregg


      hhgregg is an appliance, electronics and furniture retailer that is 
      committed to providing customers with a truly differentiated purchase 
      experience through superior customer service, knowledgeable sales 
      associates and the highest quality product selections. Founded in 1955, 
      hhgregg is a multi-regional retailer currently with 226 stores in 20 
      states that also offers market-leading global and local brands at value 
      prices nationwide via hhgregg.com.
    




Contacts

      hhgregg, Inc.Lance Peterson, 317-848-8710Director, Finance & 
      Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@hhgregg.com















Contacts

      hhgregg, Inc.Lance Peterson, 317-848-8710Director, Finance & 
      Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@hhgregg.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 













 













 













 













 





Kevin P. Kovacs - a Somerville, New Jersey (NJ) Personal Injury -- Plaintiff Lawyer
      



FindLaw


Are you a legal Professional?
Visit our professional site
Law firm marketing





Updated 05/09/2016Your profile? Update now

Kovacs, Kevin P. 
Law Offices of Kevin Kovacs, Esq.




29 Ross StreetSomerville, NJ 08876



Phones: 888-851-0364908-336-0311


Fax: 908-526-7110


      Contact Us

www.kovacslawoffice.com




Lawyer Overview

Mr. Kovacs received his B.A. degree in Political Science from the State University of New York at Albany in 1977 and received his J.D. degree with High Honors from Rutgers University School of Law in 1980. He served as Notes Editor on the Law Journal and won the American Jurisprudence Most Scholarly Contribution To The Law Award. Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Kovacs spent three years as a Trial Attorney for the Civil Division of the United States Department of Justice in Washington...Read moreMr. Kovacs received his B.A. degree in Political Science from the State University of New York at Albany in 1977 and received his J.D. degree with High Honors from Rutgers University School of Law in 1980. He served as Notes Editor on the Law Journal and won the American Jurisprudence Most Scholarly Contribution To The Law Award. Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Kovacs spent three years as a Trial Attorney for the Civil Division of the United States Department of Justice in Washington, D.C. He represented Executive Agencies in defense of constitutional challenges to government programs and earned the Attorney General's Special Achievement Award for Excellence.From 1985 to 1995 Mr. Kovacs was an attorney at Lowenstein, Sandler, Kohl, Fisher & Boylan, ultimately becoming a Director in the Firm's Litigation Department. While there, Mr. Kovacs represented a mix of small family-owned companies, mid-sized businesses and Fortune 500 companies in employment, product liability and commercial matters. He joined Purcell, Ries, Shannon, Mulcahy & O'Neill as a partner in 1995.Mr. Kovacs has extensive trial experience in a wide variety of matters. He has successfully tried numerous cases involving claims of wrongful discharge, discrimination and harassment. He has represented school boards as special litigation counsel; banks in lender liability actions; and businesses in breach of contract and related commercial matters. Mr. Kovacs also has substantial trial experience in personal injury, workers compensation, toxic tort and product defect litigation.Mr. Kovacs is certified by the Supreme Court of New Jersey as a Civil Trial Attorney. He served for six years as a Master and Bencher in the Joseph Halpern American Inn of Court working closely with new lawyers in developing trial skills in the region. Mr. Kovacs was the President of the Somerset County Bar Association (2002-2003). Mr. Kovacs was a member of the Board of Directors of Somerset Sussex Legal Services Corp for over ten years and in 2001 he was awarded the Equal Justice Medal by Legal Services of New Jersey for his pro bono efforts.Mr. Kovacs has been certified by the New Jersey Supreme Court as a Civil Trial Attorney since 1992. Only a small percentage of New Jersey lawyers are Board Certified. It requires demonstrated trial experience, recommendations from Judges and adversaries, extensive legal training and a passing grade on a rigorous exam. Because of his status as a Certified Civil Trial Attorney, a former President of the Somerset County Bar Association and his demonstrated skills, many lawyers in the area frequently refer cases to him for handling.For ten straight years, from 2006 to 2016, Mr. Kovacs was selected as a New Jersey Super Lawyer, as published in the New Jersey Monthly magazine, in the practice areas of Personal Injury and Employment Law. Super Lawyer designation is achieved through an independent survey and peer review process. Less than 4 percent of New Jersey lawyers are designated Super Lawyers. Mr. Kovacs also has been given the highest rating for quality and ethics by Martindale Hubble, a leading attorney service company.Mr. Kovacs has served on the Board of Trustees for Somerset Sussex Legal Services, as an Ethics Investigator for the Vicinage XIII Ethics Committee and as an Arbitrator for the Somerset County Court. He was awarded the Legal Services Equal Justice Medal in 2001 and the Best of Branchburg Award from the Branchburg Rotary Club for his community service.Mr. Kovacs has taught Business Law at Middlesex County College. He has also been a barrister in the Joseph Halpern Inns of Court training new lawyers in trial techniques. He has served as a coach for several local high schools participating in statewide moot court competitions. Mr. Kovacs has been a frequent speaker in seminars hosted by the New Jersey State Bar Association, the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, The Somerset County Bar Association and various insurance companies and groups.Mr. Kovacs has taken on difficult cases and won them. For example, in Jane Doe v. the XYZ Corp., 382 N.J. Super. 122 (App. Div. 2005), Mr. Kovacs sought to hold an employer responsible for its employee's use of his workplace computer for posting photos on the internet that he had clandestinely taken of a young girl. The lower Court threw the case out but on appeal, the Court reversed opening the way for compensation for the young girl and other such victims. The case has gained nationwide attention as setting new obligations on employers to help fight child pornography.In Accardi v. EnviroPak, 317 N.J. Super. 457 (App. Div. 1999), Mr. Kovacs' client was injured while working on a storage lot owned by a separate company. Because he was under the control of his employer, however, the Defendant was successful in having the case dismissed at the end of the trial. Rather than give up, Mr. Kovacs appealed. The Appellate Division, in a precedent setting decision, reversed and concluded that the neighbor company could be responsible leading the way to retrial and a verdict for Mr. Kovacs' client in excess of two million dollars.Mr. Kovacs has taken on a health insurance carrier who refused to pay for medical treatment for cancer, a life insurance company which refused benefits, a large employer that had condoned sexual harassment and fired the woman who complained and bars that had served visibly intoxicated customers who later injured other innocent drivers. He obtained one of the highest punitive damage verdicts in the State against an employer that had fired three employees because of their age.Mr. Kovacs has handled complex commercial litigation. He is experienced in all types of personal injury, automobile accident, product liability and premises liability claims. He has represented employees and employers in discrimination, wrongful discharge and breach of contract actions. Mr. Kovacs has also represented injured employees in Workers' Compensation Court obtaining for them benefits wrongfully denied by insurance carriers.Read less


Current Employment Position(s)
Attorney


Practice Areas

Personal Injury -- PlaintiffMotor Vehicle Accidents -- PlaintiffWorkers' Compensation Law



Representative Cases

Jane Doe v. the XYZ Corp., 382 N.J. Super. 122 (App. Div. 2005)Accardi v. EnviroPak, 317 N.J. Super. 457 (App. Div. 1999)




Qualifications

Bar Admissions

New Jersey, 1980U.S. Court of Appeals 3rd Circuit, 1984U.S. District Court District of New Jersey, 1980



Specialties and Certifications
Civil Trial Attorney, New Jersey Supreme Court, 1992


Other Affiliations

Somerset County Bar Association,
        2002
        -
        2003
        (President)
      Somerset County Bar Association
        (Former President)
      Joseph Halpern American Inn of Court
        (Master and Bencher)
      



Honors

Attorney General's Special Achievement Award for Excellence, United States Department of JusticeEqual Justice Medal by Legal Services of New Jersey, 2001New Jersey Super Lawyer in the practice areas of Personal Injury and Employment Law, New Jersey Monthly magazine, 2006 - PresentHighest rating for quality and ethics by Martindale HubbleLegal Services Equal Justice Medal, 2001Best of Branchburg Award, Branchburg Rotary Club



Classes and Seminars

Teacher, Business Law, Middlesex County CollegeBarrister, training new lawyers in Trial Techniques, Joseph Halpern Inns of CourtFrequent Speaker in seminars, New Jersey State Bar AssociationFrequent Speaker in seminars, Association of Trial Lawyers of AmericaFrequent Speaker in seminars, The Somerset County Bar Association



Pro Bono Activities

Somerset Sussex Legal Services Corp., Member of the Board of DirectorsEthics investigator for the District XIII Ethics CommitteeArbitrator for the Somerset County Court



Past Positions

United States Department of Justice in Washington, D.C., Civil Division, Trial AttorneyLowenstein, Sandler, Kohl, Fisher & Boylan, Attorney/Litigation Department, DirectorPurcell, Ries, Shannon, Mulcahy & O'Neill, Partner, 1995



Education

Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey School of Law - Camden, Camden, New Jersey,
        1980J.D., Doctor of JurisprudenceHonors: magna cum laude
          Honors: With High Honors
          Honors: American Jurisprudence Most Scholarly Contribution To The Law Award
            Law Journal:
          Rutgers-Camden Law Journal, Notes and Comments Editor, 1979 - 1980State University of New York, Albany, New York, 
        1977B.A., Bachelor of ArtsMajor: Political Science




Fees

Offers Free Initial ConsultationAccepts Credit Cards



Articles

Published Works
Transportation of Nuclear Materials, 11 Rutgers-Camden Law Journal 63, 1979



Office Information

Address
29 Ross StreetSomerville, NJ 08876


Phone

888-851-0364908-336-0311



Fax
908-526-7110


Email

	  Contact Us


Websites
http://www.kovacslawoffice.com



When viewing a listing, consider the state advertising restrictions to which lawyers and law firms must adhere, as well as our West Legal Directory disclaimers. Some lawyers publish comparative information regarding the services that they provide which may be subject to specific comparative communications restrictions.







Map Location

      		Please enable JavaScript to view the map.                    
	
View larger map/Directions »

How do I choose a lawyer?Consider the following: 
Comfort Level - Are you comfortable telling the lawyer personal
information? Does the lawyer seem interested in solving your problem? 
Credentials - How long has the lawyer been in practice? Has
the lawyer worked on other cases similar to yours? 
Cost - How are the lawyer's fees structured - hourly or flat
fee? Can the lawyer estimate the cost of your case? 
City - Is the lawyer's office conveniently located?
Not sure what questions to ask a lawyer?Here are a few to get you started:

How long have you been in practice?
How many cases like mine have you handled?
How often do you settle cases out of court?
What are your fees and costs?
What are the next steps?

Want to check lawyer discipline?Research
Lawyer Discipline.


























Kovacs, Kevin Attorney - Somerville, New Jersey




























	        Kovacs, Kevin Attorney
		







USA






What are you looking for?
Where is it?








Search


Financial services, pizza delivery...
New York City, San Francisco...











Search companies
pictures
Add your business
Users Access




Trivok
Companies
New Jersey
Somerville
Kovacs, Kevin Attorney - Somerville, New Jersey






Kovacs, Kevin Attorney - Somerville, New Jersey

10 East Cliff Street NJ 08876 Somerville (New Jersey)





Tweet











Overview
How to get
Contact
Opinions









Contact with Kovacs, Kevin Attorney company
Do you need more info about this company? Contact now


Ranking Kovacs, Kevin Attorney

226.037Trivok Rank
48.657Legal services & Attorneys



Kovacs, Kevin Attorney popularity

Online popularity: 9 / 100
Persons who visited this: 76.348



Categories

Constitutional Law Attorneys
Construction Law Attorneys
Insurance barrister
Solicitor
Vehicular Accident Attorneys



 Are you the owner?
Improve your ranking and visibility in Trivok completing all the required information of your company.
Edit company data
Add the first company picture


Security Center
Report abuse


 I like this company
Print this page
Tell a friend
Be a fan
Share Business Card
Add this page to 'Favourites'


 You might also like...

Constitutional Law Attorneys in New Jersey (23)
Construction Law Attorneys in New Jersey (309)
Insurance barrister in New Jersey (73)
Solicitor in New Jersey (281)
Vehicular Accident Attorneys in New Jersey (166)



Nearby companies



Kevin Kovacs
10 East Cliff Street - NJ 08876 Somerville
0 miles0 min by car






Levine, Brian J. Attorney
75 North Bridge Street - NJ 08876 Somerville
0.06 miles0 min by car






Brenner & Levine, P.A.
75 North Bridge Street - NJ 08876 Somerville
0.06 miles0 min by car






Brenner, Robert E. Attorney
75 North Bridge Street - NJ 08876 Somerville
0.06 miles0 min by car






Goodman, Ezra N. Attorney
721 Route 202-206 - NJ 08876 Somerville
2.76 miles3 min by car








Kovacs, Kevin Attorney information

Kovacs, Kevin Attorney at New Jersey is the most recommended company for Certified, Product Liability & Personal Injury services.


(908) 526-7110


www.kovacslawoffice.com			    			    



				If you need Certified, Product Liability and Personal Injury in New Jersey, Kovacs, Kevin Attorney is the best choice.			








Do you know how to arrive here?







Street View is a virtual tool based on Google Street View that provides updated information about Kovacs, Kevin Attorney location.









				    This company on your GPS: Latitude: 40.5711250000 Longitude: -74.6103560000
Distance from Kovacs, Kevin Attorney to Somerville center is 350 yards




1920 yards from Raritan, NJ
Estimated time of arrival by car: 3 minutes


3.87 miles from Manville, NJ
Estimated time of arrival by car: 6 minutes


4.89 miles from Zarephath, NJ
Estimated time of arrival by car: 7 minutes


5.44 miles from Martinsville, NJ
Estimated time of arrival by car: 8 minutes






Trivok Level
(293 points)










Rate Kovacs, Kevin Attorney services, quality and price using Trivok Level



Share your opinion with Trivok Community on Facebook










			Fill in this application form to contact with Kovacs, Kevin Attorney :
		




1.- Contact information


* Name / Company
* Email 






Phone / Mobile
Province





- Select a province -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




2.- Query details


* Query reason



 Information & Inquiries  Request For Quotation  Make an appointment / Book  Exchange between businesses  


* Subject





* Message

















 I have read and accept the  Terms of Use  and the  Privacy Policy..



Send e-mail










From






For example: Central Park - New York City



Until
				10 East Cliff Street
				NJ 08876 Somerville (New Jersey)




Select your State and find out how to get to Kovacs, Kevin Attorney :

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming

















Search companies
Add your business
Users Access






info@trivok.com | © 2012 Trivok.com



Business Services

Add your business 
Users Access
Contact



About Trivok

Legal notice
Privacy policy
Terms of use
















 
















Kevin B Kovacs - Orange Remodeling Contractors - homeyou



















Toggle navigation














Plumbing
Handyman
Painting
Landscaping
Roofing
See All Services





Plumbing Services


Septic Tank Cleaning
Drain Cleaning
Septic System Repair
Water Main/Sewage Pipes
Well Pumps
Water Well Services
Other Plumbing Project


Most Popular Services










Plumbing Tasks








Water Heater








Septic System Installation








Septic System Replacement









Homeowners use homeyou to get millions of projects done quickly and easily
Get a Free Quote Now




Handyman Services


Glass Installation or Repair
Bathroom Repair
Electrical Tasks
Outdoor Services
Home Maintenance
Dryer Vent Cleaning
Holiday Lighting
Other Small Projects


Most Popular Services










Handyman Tasks








Plumbing Tasks








Windows








Painting









Homeowners use homeyou to get millions of projects done quickly and easily
Get a Free Quote Now




Painting Services


Wallpaper Removal
Commercial Painting
Faux or Specialty Painting
Power Washing
Other Painting Project


Most Popular Services










Interior Painting








Exterior Painting








Popcorn Ceiling Removal








Wallpaper Installation









Homeowners use homeyou to get millions of projects done quickly and easily
Get a Free Quote Now




Landscaping Services


Soil or Mulch
Lawn Mowing
Sprinkler
Landscape Design
Sod
Snow Removal
Retaining Walls
Drainage Work
Other


Most Popular Services










Landscape Maintenance








Debris Removal








Lawn Treatment








Pea Gravel or Loose Fill Paving









Homeowners use homeyou to get millions of projects done quickly and easily
Get a Free Quote Now




Roofing Services


Roof Coating or Sealant
Roof Inspection
Gutters
Gutter Covers
Not Sure


Most Popular Services










Roof Repair








Replace Entire Roof








Install New Roof








Skylight









Homeowners use homeyou to get millions of projects done quickly and easily
Get a Free Quote Now










Homeyou


Directory


Additions and Remodels


California


Orange


Kevin B Kovacs










Kevin B Kovacs

Remodeler -
Orange, CA (8.49 Miles from Orange, CA)










Highlights

Home Renovation Companies in Fountain Valley, CA
Custom Garages in Irvine, CA
Home Remodeling Companies in Placentia, CA





Write a review Call us



Client Review
dfvsdf





Out of 0 Reviews






Rating


89

Verified Business Rating
We analyze and rate each contractor to help our users find the perfect candidate for the job.
Contractors must claim and maintain their profiles to ensure a high and trustworthy rating.
In addition, we utilize the following elements to determine the homeyou rating:

- Licenses and Insurance
- Customer Reviews
- Time in business
- Profile completion







Is this your business? Claim Profile

 It's 100% free
and only takes a couple minutes





This business is not a screened and approved member of homeyou.






About this pro




 Time in business: 13 years 

 2280 N Maplewood Street, Orange, CA 92865 




 
 (714) 588-XXXX









Detailed Information



Year Established
2004


Business Categories
Additions and Remodels in Orange, CA





Services Offered

Additions and Remodels

Home Renovation Companies
Custom Garages
Home Remodeling Companies
General Contractors





 License Information


Licensed inState Of California
Number849154
License typeFraming And Rough Carpentry
License issue date11/01/2004



Client Review






Out of 0 Reviews

Write a review



Business Hours Please call to confirm




Monday 8AM - 6PM




Tue 8AM - 6PM




Wednesday 8AM - 6PM




Thursday 8AM - 6PM




Friday 8AM - 6PM




Saturday 8AM - 6PM






Coverage Area



Best Questions to Ask a Remodeler Contractor


Do you work with subcontractors?

The question is great for some industries and non-applicable for others. A general contractor, for example, will by definition employ subcontractors. Most Orange Additions and Remodels companies do not, but there are exceptions. You should always ask this question to your service providers. If they do use subcontractors, ask if they're all licensed and insured independently.



Do you have any references that I can contact?

Always ask for references, and always check them. Keep in mind though that the only references you'll get are people who the contractor is certain will give him a good review. You'd also be well advised to check online review sources in Orange as well, which will give you a broader view of customer satisfaction for a given company.



What guarantees and/or warranties can you give me? Are you a warranty agent for any brands?

These first two questions should only relate to services or good purchased directly from the service provider. Many products carry their own warranties, like roofing shingles or siding. It's useful to know what these warranties cover as well as how long they last. The "warranty agent" question is important, because often warranty agents work with the manufacturer to get you repairs under warranty at a much lower price.



How many contractors do you have working for you? How many vehicles are in your fleet?

This is important mostly for larger jobs. Clearly a two man operation is going to build a home much slower than a 15 man crew. This is also a good indication of the overall size of the Additions and Remodels company, if that's an area of concern for you. The reason you may want to ask about the fleet is that fleet size is a good indicator of the mobility of the company. Mobility may not sound important, but it's hard for the Orange contractors to get to job sites if they lack appropriate vehicles.

 


Let us find additions and remodels professionals for you

Request Online




AC Companies
AC Installation
AC Repair
Air Compressor Repair
Air Conditioning
Air Conditioning Installation
Air Conditioning Repair
Air Duct Cleaning
Boiler Repair
Commercial Boiler Repair
Commercial HVAC
Duct Cleaning
Duct Repair
Furnace Cleaning
Furnace Installation
Furnace Repair
Furnace Replacement
Heat Pump
Heat Pumps
Heater Repair
Heating and Cooling
Heating Repair
Humidifier
HVAC
Oil Heating
Roof Vents
Swamp Cooler


Aluminum Siding Repair
Fiber Cement Siding
Siding Installation
Siding Repair
Siding Replacement
Vinyl Siding
Vinyl Siding Installation
Vinyl Siding Repair


Ant control
Ant Exterminator
Bed Bug Exterminator
Cockroach Exterminator
Flea Control
Flea Exterminator
Fumigation
Mosquito Control
Organic Mosquito Control
Organic Pest Control
Pest Control
Raccoon Removal
Rattlesnake Removal
Snake Removal
Termite Control
Termite Inspection
Termite Treatment


Appliance Pick-Up
Appliance Removal
Foreclosure Cleaning
Furniture Disposal
Furniture Pick-Up
Furniture Removal
Junk Removal
Mattress Disposal
Mattress Pick-Up
Mattress Removal
Wood Furniture Repair


Appliance Repair
Commercial Refrigeration Repair
Dryer Repair
Oven Repair
Refrigerator Repair
Vacuum Repair
Washing Machine Repair


Artificial Grass
Artificial Turf
Backyard Design
Clogged Drains
French Drains
Hardscape
Hydroseeding
Ice Dam Removal
Landscapers
Landscaping
Lawn Aeration
Lawn Care
Lawn Maintenance
Lawn Mowing
Lawn Service
Mulch
Organic Fertilizer
Organic Lawn Care
Pea Gravel
Poison Ivy Removal
Retaining Walls
Roof Snow Removal
Snow Removal
Snow Removal Services
Stone Pavers
Stump Grinding
Stump Removal
Tree Planting
Tree Stump Removal
Water Features
Water Fountains
Weed Control


Asphalt
Asphalt Paving
Asphalt Repair
Concrete
Concrete Patio
Driveway Paving
Driveway Repair
Epoxy Flooring
Tennis Court Construction
Tennis Court Resurfacing


Attic Fan
Ceiling Fan Installation
Ceiling Fan Repair
Electrical Repair
Electrical Service
Electrician
Home Energy Audit
Landscape Lighting
Light Fixture Repair
Lighting Companies
Lighting Installation
Thermostat Repair


Attic Insulation
Insulation
Soundproofing
Spray Foam Insulation


Auto Locksmith
Car Key Replacement
Car Locksmith
Cheap Locksmith
Commercial Locksmith
Emergency Locksmith
Key Duplication
Local Locksmith
Lock Installation
Lock Repair
Locked Keys in Car
Locksmith
Locksmith Services
Mobile Locksmith


Awnings
Composite Decking
Deck Builder
Deck Builders
Deck Cleaning
Deck Repair
Deck Sealing
Deck Staining
Decks
Handicap Ramps
Patio Covers
Pool Decks
TREX
Wheelchair Ramp
Wood Decks


Basement Remodeling
Custom Garages
Exterior Renovation
Garage Remodeling
General Contractors
Home Additions
Home Remodeling
Home Remodeling Companies
Home Renovation
Home Renovation Companies
Room Additions


Basement Waterproofing


Bathroom Countertops
Butcher Block Countertops
Cheap Granite Countertops
Concrete Countertops
Corian Countertops
Countertops
Formica Countertops
Granite Countertops
Kitchen Countertops
Laminate Countertops
Marble Countertops
Marble Restoration
Marble Slab
Quartz Countertops
Recycled Glass Countertops
Soapstone Countertops
Stainless Steel Countertops
Wood Countertops


Bathroom Remodeling
Bathroom Renovations
Bathroom Vanities
Bathtub Refinishing
Bathtub Reglazing
Bathtub Repair
Bathtub Resurfacing
Frameless Shower Doors
Glass Shower Doors
Hot Tub Repair
Shower Doors
Tub Refinishing
Tub Resurfacing


Bay Window
Custom Windows
Home Window Repair
Hurricane Impact Windows
Impact Windows
Impact Windows and Doors
Window
Window Blinds
Window Companies
Window Glass Repair
Window Glass Replacement
Window Installation
Window Repair
Window Replacement
Window Restoration
Window Screen Repair
Window Shades
Window Treatments


Brick Pavers
Concrete Pavers
Driveway Pavers
Fireplace Repair


Cabinet Doors
Cabinet Painting
Cabinet Refacing
Cabinet Repair


Carpenter
Closet Design
Crown Molding
Custom Closet
Framing
Handrail Installation
Shed
Stair Builders
Wood Rot Repair


Carpet Cleaning


Carpet Installation
Carpet Removal
Carpet Repair
Carpet Replacement
Carpet Stretching


Catch Basin Cleaning
Catch Basin Repair
Drain Blockage
Drain Cleaning
Drain Repair
Drain Rodding
Emergency Plumbing
Faucet Repair
Frozen Pipes
Garbage Disposal Repair
Grease Trap
Grease Trap Cleaning
Leak Detection
Leak Repair
Pipe Insulation
Pipe Repair
Plumber
Plumbing
Plumbing Repair
Plumbing Services
Septic Pumping
Septic Repair
Septic Service
Septic Tank Cleaning
Septic Tank Installation
Sewage Clean Up
Sewage Leak
Sewage Removal
Sewer Line Repair
Sewer Line Replacement
Sewer Rodding
Sink Installation
Sink Repair
Sump Pump Installation
Tankless Water Heater
Water Heater Repair
Water Leak Repair
Weatherization


Caulking
Chairlift
Christmas Light Installation
Custom Mirrors
Dog Door Installation
Dryer Vent Cleaning
Furniture Assembly
Furniture Assembly Service
Glass Walls
Grab Bars
Handyman
Handyman Repair
Handyman Services
Home Moving
Home Theater Installation
IKEA Assembly
Mailbox Installation
Mirror Installation
Screen Enclosures
Shelves
Shelving
Stair Lift
Stairlifts
Wheelchair Lift


Ceiling Repair
Drywall
Drywall Repair
Plaster Repair


Ceramic Tile Installation
Grout Cleaning
Grout Repair
Marble Polishing
Tile Installation
Tile Removal
Tile Repair
Travertine Pavers


Chair Repair
Couch Repair
Furniture Refinishing
Furniture Repair
Furniture Restoration
Furniture Upholstery
Leather Couch Repair
Leather Furniture Cleaning
Leather Seat Repair
Leather Sofa Repair
Patio Furniture Repair
Sofa Repair
Upholsterers
Upholstery Repair


Chimney Cleaning
Chimney Repair
Chimney Sweeping
Fireplace Cleaning


Cleaning Services
Home Cleaning
Home Cleaning Services
House Cleaning
Maid Service
Move Out Cleaning
New Construction Cleaning
Office Cleaning
Oriental Rug Cleaning
Rug Cleaning
Upholstery Cleaning


Closet Doors
Custom Doors
Door Repair
Double Doors
Entrance Doors
Entry Doors
Exterior Doors
French Doors
Front Doors
Glass Doors
Hurricane Doors
Hurricane Impact Doors
Impact Doors
Impact Glass Doors
Interior Doors
Iron Doors
Iron Front Doors
Patio Doors
Screen Door Installation
Screen Door Repair
Security Doors
Sliding Doors
Sliding Glass Door Repair
Sliding Glass Doors


Commercial Painting
Exterior Painting
Faux Painting
House Painting
Interior House Painters
Interior Painters
Interior Painting
Lead Paint Removal
Paint Stripping
Painting
Painting Contractors
Popcorn Ceiling Removal
Wallpaper Installation
Wallpaper Removal


Container Homes
Custom Home Builders
Home Builders
Home Restoration
Little Houses
Manufactured Homes
Modular Homes
New Home Builders
Shipping Container House
Tiny Homes


Copper Gutters
Gutter Cleaning
Gutter Guard Installation
Gutters
Leaf Guard
Rain Gutters
Seamless Gutters


Deluxe Portable Toilets
Porta Potty Rental
Portable Toilet Rental
Portable Toilets
Rent a Porta Potty
Restroom Trailers


Disaster Restoration
Emergency Water Extraction
Emergency Water Removal
Fire Damage Repair
Fire Damage Restoration
Flood Clean Up
Flood Damage Repair
Flood Damage Restoration
Flood Repair
Flood Restoration
Flooded Basement
Restoration Companies
Water Clean Up
Water Damage
Water Damage Clean Up
Water Damage Contractors
Water Damage Remediation
Water Damage Repair
Water Damage Restoration
Water Extraction
Water Mitigation
Water Removal


Driveway Gates
Fence Repair
Fences
Temporary Fencing


Dumpster Rental
Dumpsters
Roll Off Dumpster


Elastomeric Roof Coating
Foam Roof
Metal Roofing
Roof Coating
Roof Inspection
Roof Leak Repair
Roof Painting
Roof Repair
Roof Replacement
Roof Tiles
Roofing
Roofing Companies
Roofing Contractors
Rubberized Roof Coating
Skylight Repairs


Floor Waxing
Flooring
Flooring Installation
Hardwood Flooring Installation
Hardwood Flooring Refinishing
Hardwood Flooring Repair
Hardwood Floors
Laminate Flooring
Mosaic Tiles
Porcelain Tile
Tiles


Foundation Inspection
Foundation Repair


Garage Door Repair
Impact Garage Doors
Wood Garage Doors


Generator Rental
Portable Storage
Storage Containers
Storage Units
Storage Units In


Geothermal Heating


Home Inspection
Property Inspection
Property Inspector


Home Security
Home Security Systems


Home Window Tinting
Window Film


Interior Decoration
Interior Decorator
Interior Designer


Jacuzzi Repair
Pool Builders
Pool Cleaning
Pool Companies
Pool Contractors
Pool Heater
Pool Installation
Pool Plastering
Pool Renovations
Pool Repair
Pool Repairs
Pool Resurfacing
Pool Services
Spa Repair
Walk In Tubs


Kitchen Remodeling


Land Surveyor
Soil Testing


Metal Fabrication
Welding


Mold Inspection
Mold Removal
Remediation Companies


Pressure Cleaning
Roof Cleaning
Roof Moss Removal
Roof Pressure Cleaning


Solar Heating
Solar Installation
Solar Panel Installation
Solar Panel Repair
Solar Panels


Sunroom


Tree
Tree Pruning
Tree Removal
Tree Service
Tree Trimming


Window Cleaning
Window Washing

 




Continue

or

Call Us Directly




1-844-HOMEYOU







Get Quotes From up to 3 Pre-Screened Pros

Where do you need it?



Submit





 Residential? 


 Commercial? 


 Offer Financing? 


 Emergency Service? 


 Accept Credit Card? 









People viewed this after searching for

Lawn Service in Creston CA
Closet Design in Compton CA
Sewage Removal in Corning CA



Related Services



Home Renovation Companies




Custom Garages




Home Remodeling Companies




General Contractors



Related Categories

Landscaping
Handyman
Additions and Remodels

Browse By City





Orange, CA





Santa Ana, CA





Yorba Linda, CA











Other Business Like This








About The House General Construction









Lodi, CA 











Ace High Roofing & Construction









259 S Guild Avenue Ste B Lodi, CA 











Acosta Construction, Inc









PO Box 947 Woodbridge, CA 






 










© 2017 homeyou, Inc. - All Rights Reserved. homeyou, Inc. is a subsidiary of Triares, Inc.

Sitemap:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z







Compare quotes from our local pros






Find Pros
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























 
















 
















 
















 
















 


