






 






John Kraeutler | Financial Advisor in Morristown, New Jersey








 








 






  zdeecwravsrwtxxdreevv






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					John Kraeutler				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationMoreDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








John Kraeutler



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















John Kraeutler Morristown, New Jersey

 






Private Advisor GroupDual-Licensed (Investment Advisor and Broker)23 years of experience4 exams passed0 disclosures  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewJohn Christopher Kraeutler is a financial advisor employed by Private Advisor Group in Morristown, New Jersey. With over 23 years of experience and 4 exams passed, John maintains the following registrations:Investment AdvisorJohn is registered with the SEC as an Investment Advisor, which is defined as someone who is paid to provide advice about securities. Investment advisors can also be paid to manage investment portfolios or offer financial planning services. Other terms commonly used for investment advisors include Investment Advisor Representative (IAR) and Registered Investment Advisor (RIA).BrokerMr. Kraeutler is also registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).
Advisor data current as of May 15, 2017
Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:2450747Types of fees charged:Percentage of AssetsHourly ChargesCommissionsFee OnlyAdvisory services offered:Portfolio Management for IndividualsIndependent Contractor:YesState RegistrationsFinancial advisors must register with each state in which they conduct business. Below is a record of each state where John Kraeutler maintains an active registration.View a sortable list of all financial advisors located in:New Jersey (28,394 advisors)Morristown  (717 advisors)

Click here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent FirmPrivate Advisor Group, LLC (CRD #155216)total assets under management$11.9B United States Dollarstotal number of employees584total number of accounts54146average account balance$219,780 United States DollarsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With $11,900,231,558 USD in AUM, Private Advisor Group is categorized as a large investment firm, with assets above the prestigious one billion mark. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM above one Billion.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017 

Firm MetricsPrivate Advisor GroupFirm CRD# 155216

Investment Adviser Representatives
559


Broker-dealer Registered Reps
574


Licensed Insurance Agents
510


Number of Clients
27,200


Financial Planning Clients
4,000
Much more information about Private Advisor Group can be found on Credio's Investment Advisors website.Research Investment Advisors  >>Types of Clients Served



IndividualsHigh Net Worth IndividualsPension and Profit Sharing PlansCharitiesCorporations or Other BusinessesState or Municipal EntitiesInsurance CompaniesFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name63.57 percent6.07 percent6.07 percent6.07 percent6.07 percent6.07 percent6.07 percent155216







Work History

FirmLocationStart DateEnd DateIDIndividual CRD #LPL Financial, LLCMorristown, NJMay 2014LPL FinancialConvent Station, NJMay 2014Private Advisor Group, LLCMorristown, NJMay 2014WRP Investments, Inc.Youngstown, OHMay 2004Main Street Management CompanyMorristown, NJFebruary 1998May 2004Investment Advisors & Consultants, Inc.Oakhurst, NJJuly 1995August 1997Montano Securities CorporationOrange, CAJanuary 1994December 1994Rod's Ranch HouseMorristown, NJJanuary 1989May 1990DR John C KraeutlerMorristown, NJDecember 1988

Other AdvisorsAdvisors at Private Advisor GroupAdvisors in MorristownAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at Private Advisor Group



Above is a partial list of advisors working at Private Advisor Group. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,207 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at Private Advisor Group, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  Private Advisor Group >>Advisors in Morristown



See all Advisors in  Morristown >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >> 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor Certification

Exam CodeName And TypeExam DateGradeIDIndividual CRD #Series 65Uniform Investment Adviser Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawOctober 12, 2007PassedSeries 24General Securities Principal Examination
Principal/SupervisoryMay 25, 2004PassedSeries 7General Securities Representative Examination
General Industry/ProductMarch 14, 1994PassedSeries 63Uniform Securities Agent State Law Examination (NASAA)
State Securities LawMarch 11, 1994Passed

More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website.See all  Financial Exams  >> 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.John Kraeutler had no reported disclosure events as of the most recent filing submitted to FINRA.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#2450747) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >> 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationJohn Kraeutler - Morristown, New Jersey



Address
65 Madison Avenue, Suite 300Morristown,  New Jersey 07960United States





Main Phone
(908) 604-8700
 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,207 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in Morristown, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in Morristown  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>zdeecwravsrwtxxdreevvData updated on May 15, 2017 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 







Kraeutler, John A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































John A. Kraeutler
JOHN A. KRAEUTLER is President and Chief Operating Officer of Meridian
Bioscience, Inc. Mr. Kraeutler has more than 31 years of experience in
the medical diagnostics industry and has been the Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of Meridian since 1992. Before
joining Meridian, Mr. Kraeutler served as Vice President, General
Manager for a division of Carter-Wallace, Inc. Prior to that, he held
key marketing and technical positions with Becton, Dickinson and Company
and Organon, Inc.
Related Interviews:JOHN KRAEUTLER - MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE INC (VIVO)April 12, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google

















John A. Kraeutler - Chief Executive Officer at Meridian Bioscience, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





John A. Kraeutler
Chief Executive Officer at Meridian Bioscience, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Events 


John A. Kraeutler
Chief Executive Officer at Meridian Bioscience, Inc.



 Overview



Age



68
                                  (Born 1949)
                                              




Notable Companies


Meridian Bioscience, Inc.




Board Seats



10





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 301 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
July 13, 2017





                        VIVO INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of an Investigation Concerning Possible Securities Violations by Meridian Bioscience, Inc.                    





GlobeNewswire
July 13, 2017





                        Meridian Bioscience Comments on Recent FDA Press Statement                    





GlobeNewswire
June 30, 2017





                        Meridian Bioscience Comments on Recent FDA Matters Related to Magellan Diagnostics                    





GlobeNewswire
June 28, 2017





                        Meridian Bioscience, Inc. Expects to Report Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Operating Results on Thursday, July 27, 2017                    





Business Wire
June 5, 2017





                        INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces the Commencement of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by the Board of Directors of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




James M. Anderson

Professional at Ameritas Holding Co.




Melissa Lueke

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Executive Vice President at Meridian Bioscience, Inc.





James S. Burns

Executive Chairman at Assurex Health, Inc.




David C. Phillips

Co-Founder at Cincinnati Works Inc.





Marco G. Calzavara

President & Managing Director, Meridian Bioscience Europe at Meridian Bioscience, Inc.




John C. McIlwraith, Jr.

Co-Founder at Allos Ventures LLC





Gary P. Kreider

Senior Partner at Keating Muething & Klekamp PLL




Virginia Drosos

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Assurex Health, Inc.





Dwight E. Ellingwood

Lead Executive, Collective Impact on Health at Health Improvement Collaborative of Greater Cincinnati




James A. Buzard

Former Vice President at Marion Merrell Dow, Inc.







See 291 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 291 More 


 


 Paths to John A. Kraeutler



            John A. Kraeutler          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 John A. Kraeutler






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with John A. Kraeutler.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BS Biology 


Fairleigh Dickinson University

                  Fairleigh Dickinson University is a private, coeducational and nonsectarian university founded in 1942. Fairleigh Dickinson University is the first American university to own and operate an international campus and currently offers more than 100 individual degree programs to its students. The school has four campuses, two in New Jersey (United States), and one in Canada and in the United Kingdom. Fairleigh Dickinson University is New Jersey's largest private institution of higher education with 12,000+ students. The university has two campuses in New Jersey: the College at Florham in Madison, which is on the former estate of Florence Vanderbilt and Hamilton Twombly, and the Metropolitan Campus, close to New York City and spanning the Hackensack River in Teaneck and Hackensack.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    1992 - Current                


Meridian Bioscience, Inc.


                  Meridian Bioscience, Inc. is a fully integrated life science company, which engages in the development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of diagnostic test kits, purified reagents, and related products and offers biopharmaceutical enabling technologies. It operates in the Diagnostics and Life Science segments. The Diagnostics segment comprises of manufacturing operations in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the sale and distribution of diagnostic test kits in the US, Europe, Africa and the Middle East. The Life Science operating segment consists of manufacturing operations in Memphis, Tennessee; Saco, Maine; Boca Raton, Florida; London, England; Luckenwalde, Germany; and Sydney, Australia and the sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells and bioresearch reagents domestically and abroad. The company was founded by William J. Motto in 1976 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.                




Marketing Manager

                                    1980 - 1986                


Becton, Dickinson & Co.


                  BD is a medical technology company that serves healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, industry and the general public. BD manufactures and sells a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products. BD is headquartered in the United States and has offices in more than 50 countries worldwide.                




Vice President & Divisional General Manager

                                    Prior                


MedPointe, Inc.


                  MedPointe, Inc. develops, markets, and sells therapeutics. The company's products include respiratory, allergy, central nervous system, cough/cold, and pediatric products. The company was founded by James S. Burns and Anthony H. Wild in 2001 and is headquartered in Somerset, NJ.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Organon USA, Inc.






Professional

                                    Prior                


Organon International, Inc.


                  Organon International, Inc. manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products. It develops therapeutics in the fields such as gynecology, fertility, osteoporosis, and anesthesia. The company was founded in 1923 and is located in Roseland, NJ.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    1997 - Current                  


Meridian Bioscience, Inc.

                    Meridian Bioscience, Inc. is a fully integrated life science company, which engages in the development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of diagnostic test kits, purified reagents, and related products and offers biopharmaceutical enabling technologies. It operates in the Diagnostics and Life Science segments. The Diagnostics segment comprises of manufacturing operations in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the sale and distribution of diagnostic test kits in the US, Europe, Africa and the Middle East. The Life Science operating segment consists of manufacturing operations in Memphis, Tennessee; Saco, Maine; Boca Raton, Florida; London, England; Luckenwalde, Germany; and Sydney, Australia and the sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, PCR/qPCR reagents, nucleotides, competent cells and bioresearch reagents domestically and abroad. The company was founded by William J. Motto in 1976 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.                  




Chairman

                    Current                  


Dan Beard Council






Director

                    Current                  


Magellan Biosciences, Inc.

                    Magellan Biosciences, Inc. operates as a a medical device company. The company was founded on May 4, 2005 and is headquartered in North Billerica, MA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


ESA Biosciences, Inc.

                    ESA Biosciences, Inc. manufactures detection and electrochemistry combined component kits and reagents for laboratories and commercial diagnostics. Its products include coulochem, coulArray detector, pumps and auto samplers. The company was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Billerica, MA.                  




Director

                    1997 - Prior                  


Bioanalytical Systems, Inc.

                    Bioanalytical Systems, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical development company, which engages in the provision of drug discovery, development services, and analytical instruments. The company operates through two business segments: Contract Research Services and Research Products. The Contract Research Services segment provides screening and pharmacological testing, preclinical safety testing, formulation development, regulatory compliance, and quality control testing. The Research Products segment designs, develops, manufactures, and markets vivo sampling systems and accessories, physiology monitoring tools, liquid chromatography, and electrochemistry instruments platforms. The company was founded by Peter T. Kissinger in 1974 and is headquartered in West Lafayette, IN.                  




Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Assurex Health, Inc.

                    AssureRx Health, Inc. operates as a personalized medicine company that develops genetic tests. It specializes in pharmacogenomics, a study of the genetic factors that influence an individual’s response to drug treatments, as well as evidence-based medicine and clinical pharmacology. The firm offers GeneSight, a genetic test that helps healthcare providers to take a personalized approach for prescribing medicine for patients; GeneSight Psychotropic, a test that analyzes genes that affects a patient’s response to antidepressant and antipsychotic medications; and GeneSight Analgesic, a test that analyzes how genes affect the way the body respond to medicines prescribed to treat acute or chronic pain. The company was founded by Donald R. Wright Jr. in 2006 and is headquartered in Mason, OH.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    2012 - Current                  


Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber of Commerce

                    The Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber is one of the nation's largest Chambers, representing the interests of nearly 4,000 member businesses. The Chamber provides numerous services, including business retention and attraction, programs and events, member benefits to improve members' bottom line, solutions to members' workforce challenges, government advocacy, and more to create and sustain a positive business climate for our community, including demonstrating a commitment to small business assistance and economic inclusion.

The Chamber's talented, professional staff of 60 people works with thousands of engaged member companies, volunteers and partners in an effort to create and sustain a dynamic Cincinnati USA, a region of 15 counties located in three states. The Chamber's member businesses and organizations represent approximately 300,000 employees throughout southwestern Ohio, northern Kentucky and southeastern Indiana.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Boy Scouts of America (Dan Beard Council)






Vice Chairman

                    Prior                  


BIOSTART






Government Boards ▾




Member

                    Prior                  


State of Ohio Third Frontier Research & Development







 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2012                


Mitt Romney







$1,000

                  2012                


Josh Mandel


                  Treasurer at Government of Ohio                




$1,000

                  2010                


Senator Rob Portman


                  Senator from Ohio                




$1,000

                  2008                


John McCain


                  Senator from Arizona                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Events



Speaker

                  New York City, NY                




2013 UBS Global Healthcare Conference







 Other Affiliations




              John A. Kraeutler is affiliated with
                            Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Becton, Dickinson & Co., MedPointe, Inc., Organon USA, Inc., Organon International, Inc., Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Dan Beard Council, Magellan Biosciences, Inc., ESA Biosciences, Inc., Bioanalytical Systems, Inc., Assurex Health, Inc., Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber of Commerce, Boy Scouts of America (Dan Beard Council), BIOSTART.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	John Kraeutler,  at . Insurance professional in , 





































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit

























































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets













Are you John Kraeutler?


Claim your user profile and you will be on your way to enhancing your professional profile in minutes!



147 Public Views


84 Member Views


45 Requests For Info.


Claim My Profile















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...






















John Kraeutler
Member Since: February 2017


















12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this person?
2. What about this person do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit










Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this person?
2. What about this person do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit



















Birthday: October 1962





0

                            Reputation ?



The higher your score, the more credibility you have as a member of the site. A reputation score is a system calculated score that takes the following factors into consideration: 

Your profile completeness and accuracy (including pictures)
Your connections and followers
Your activity on blogs, discussions, groups.
How others rate your content, contributions, answers to questions.
Your expertise in your field - other users can rate your responses and that affects your overall reputation score.
The value and frequency of your contributions to the member community.

















Company Category: Life/Health & Financial Services Agency



                                    Public Profile: 
                                    https://completemarkets.com/JohnKraeutler/




  John has been practicing insurance and risk management for over 2 year/s. John renews various insurance licenses every few years (or as the state/s may require.)  John has 0 reviews and recommendations from industry peers, insurance clients and/or prospects.
                                




Follow
20




The person you selected will have to confirm your request. You may add a personal message:















Fill out the form below to follow John Kraeutler.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow





You are now following John Kraeutler.






You are already following John Kraeutler.

Unfollow


























            Please wait...












About MeCareer HistoryContentConnectionsReviews










Claim My Profile
















Contact:


John Kraeutler





Phone:


973-867-1387





Address:


45 Symor Dr, , , , 











Time Zone:


UTC












Licensing/Certifications





Representative CRD:


http://brokercheck.finra.org/Individual/Summary/   2450747



Insurance Products Offered















Company/Agency





Category:


Life/Health & Financial Services Agency
















Be the first to write a client testimonial or peer review!






Please login to leave a comment.


Connect


Connect






Sorry, you are not authorized to leave a comment on this review. Only the owner of the profile or the reviewer can leave a comment on this review.














12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)



Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this person?
2. What about this person do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit





















Most helpful positive review:












None of the reviews have been marked helpful.



Most helpful negative review:












None of the reviews have been marked not helpful.








News Feed


											
            
            
            Currently there are no messages on John Kraeutler's wall.
            






            Please wait...









            Please wait...










Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.




























 






























John Kraeutler | GenomeWeb


















Skip to main content



 







 





 









RSS Feeds
Twitter
LinkedIn
 





 







Log in




Join now


 






Business & PolicyBusiness News
Research Funding
Policy & Legislation
Regulatory News
Reimbursement

TechnologyMicroarrays & Multiplexing
PCR
Informatics
Sequencing
Mass Spec
Sample Prep
Gene Silencing/Gene Editing

ResearchGenetic Research
Gene Expression Research
Epigenetics Research
Proteomics & Protein Research
Cell Biology Research

DiagnosticsMolecular Diagnostics
Companion Diagnostics
Biomarker Discovery & Validation
Drug Discovery & Development
Clinical Sequencing
Clinical Proteomics

Disease AreasCancer
Infectious Disease
Cardiovascular Disease
Neurological & Psychological Disease
Metabolic Disease
Autoimmune Disease
Inherited Disease
Reproductive Health

Applied Markets
ResourcesWebinars
White Papers
The Scan
Career Blog
Job Listings
New Products
People in the News
Conferences & Events


Main menu 






Enter your keywords 





 





Home » Resources » People in the News »  John Kraeutler  

















 John Kraeutler 

May 11, 2017

 



John Kraeutler will retire as CEO from Meridian Bioscience as part of a planned transition as soon as the firm finds his successor. He will remain as executive chairman of Meridian's board of directors and will be available to assist the new CEO during the transition and onboarding phase, the firm said in a statement. Kraeutler joined the company as CEO in 1992.


 



More Like This









Jul 21, 2017


Thomas Loewald

Thomas Loewald, senior vice president and chief commercial officer at Thermo Fisher Scientific since early 2016, will resign from the company, effective September 1. He joined the firm's Explosives Detection business in 2002 and held various positions over the years, including senior vice president and president of Laboratory Products. Prior to that, he was vice president of sales and marketing for Tyco International.


 











Jul 20, 2017


Mark Stevenson

Mark Stevenson has been promoted to executive vice president and chief operation officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific, effective August 1. In his new role, he will oversee operations of the company's Laboratory Products and Analytical Instruments businesses, in addition to the Life Sciences Solutions business. Since 2014, when Thermo Fisher acquired Life Technologies, Stevenson has been executive vice president and president of Life Sciences Solutions. Prior to that, he was president and chief operating officer of Life Technologies, and before that, he was president and COO of Applied Biosystems.


 











Jul 19, 2017


Hans Bishop

Hans Bishop has been elected to Agilent's board of directors. Bishop is cofounder, president, and CEO of Juno Therapeutics, a Seattle-based biopharmaceutical company. He has also held a range of executive positions in the pharmaceutical industry, including as COO at Dendreon; president of Specialty Medicine at Bayer Healthcare; and global commercial head for Chiron.


 











Jul 19, 2017


Daniel Sikkema

Quanterix has appointed Daniel Sikkema as vice president of acclerator services for the company's new Simoa Accelerator Lab, a dedicated environment for biomarker research, custom assay development, and clinical sample testing. Sikkema will work to expand the reach of Quanterix's Accelerator Lab services in neurology, oncology, immuno-oncology, infectious disease, inflammatory diseases, and other therapeutic areas. He has previously worked at Frontage Lab, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Wyeth, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur, and GlaxoSmithKline.


 











Jul 17, 2017


Stephen Pereira

Stephen Pereira has been appointed to Immunovia's scientific advisory board. Pereira is a professor of hepatology and gastroenterology at University College London and is an honorary consultant in pancreaticobiliary medicine at UCL Hospitals and the Royal Free Hospital. 


 











Jul 17, 2017


Daniel MacArthur

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Daniel MacArthur as the first recipient of its Early Career Award. He is an assistant professor in the Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School and the co-director of the Medical and Population Genetics Program at the Broad Institute. The new award, which comes with $10,000 in prize money, recognizes contributions of genetics and genomics scientists in the first 10 years of their careers as independent investigators. MacArthur and his colleagues developed the Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) database and website and its successor, the Genome Aggregation Database (gnomAD). He also published many scientific articles on identifying genes associated with rare diseases, in particular muscular disorders.


 











Jul 13, 2017


Mary Thistle

Enterome has appointed Mary Thistle to its board of directors as a non-executive director. Thistle currently serves as chief operating officer at Dimension Therapeutics, and has also served as senior VP of Business Development at Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Dimension in 2015, Thistle held leadership positions at ViaCell. In addition to developing therapeutic products for rare and metabolic liver diseases, Enterome also develops diagnostics to support therapies in microbiome-related diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease and cancer.


 











Jul 12, 2017


Arthur Beaudet

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Arthur Beaudet the recipient of this year's Victor A. McKusick Leadership Award. The award recognizes individuals whose "professional achievements have fostered and enriched the development of human genetics as well as its assimilation into the broader context of science, medicine, and health." Beaudet, who will receive the award along with a $10,000 prize at the ASHG annual meeting in October, is the Henry and Emma Mayer Professor in the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics and the Department of Pediatrics at Baylor College of Medicine. He is a member of the National Academy of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences and has received several other awards for his work. Beaudet has published more than 350 articles in the scientific literature. 


 











Jul 12, 2017


Kári Stefánsson

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Kári Stefánsson the winner of this year's William Allan Award, a prize established in 1961 that recognizes a scientist for "substantial and far-reaching scientific contributions to human genetics." Stefánsson is the founder of Iceland's Decode Genetics, which has conducted a large-scale population genetics research project in Iceland. He has published more than 500 articles in the scientific literature and has received several awards for his work, including the European Society of Human Genetics Award in 2009.


 











Jul 07, 2017


Matthias Raquet

Oneservice, a Swiss company offering complete managed service solutions, consulting, and learning for the life science, diagnostics, and medical device industries, has appointed Matthias Raquet as CEO. Raquet joins Oneservice from Qiagen, where he has worked since 2001, most recently as vice president and head of global service solutions and global customer management. Prior to Qiagen he worked in various management roles at Amersham Pharmacia.


 











Jul 06, 2017


Steven Kanner

Caribou Biosciences has appointed Steven Kanner as CSO. Kanner has more than 25 years of experience in drug discovery and development. He previously served in various research leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Astex Pharmaceuticals, and Agensys/Astellas Pharma. Most recently, he served as vice president of discovery biology at Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals.


 











Jul 05, 2017


Chad Brown

NanoString Technologies has appointed Chad Brown senior vice president of sales and marketing. With more than 35 years of experience in life science tools and clinical diagnostics, Brown most recently served as the president and head of commercial operations for North America at Qiagen. Prior to that, Brown was with Roche Diagnostics Corporation, where he held a series of commercial leadership positions in the applied sciences and centralized diagnostics businesses. He has also held sales leadership positions in several medical device and healthcare companies, including Chiron Diagnostics, Rotech Healthcare, Apria Healthcare, and Humana.Brown succeeds Barney Saunders, who is expected to stay with NanoString for a three-month transition period before pursuing other professional opportunities.


 











Jun 30, 2017


Todd Whitson

Karius has appointed Todd Whitson as chief commercial officer. Whitson joins Karius from CareDx where he served as CCO. Prior to CareDx, he served as VP of commercial operations for Ariosa Diagnostics, now part of Roche, and led sales at Genzyme Genetics, later acquired by LabCorp.


 











Jun 30, 2017


Ena Cratsenburg, Will Schroeder

Ginkgo Bioworks has appointed Ena Cratsenburg as chief business officer and Will Schroeder as head of metabolic engineering. Cratsenburg joins Ginkgo with over a decade of experience in business development in the biotech space. She has held positions as senior VP of the consumer sector at Intrexon, senior VP of business development at Evolva, and VP of business development for Amyris. Schroeder joins Ginkgo from Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) where he served as CP of technology. Before ADM, Schroeder spent 12 years at Cargill, overseeing strain and fermentations process development.


 











Jun 28, 2017


Chris van Ingen

Chris van Ingen, a former member of Bruker's board of directors, died on June 27, Bruker said in a document filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. van Ingen died less than a week after he told the firm that he would be retiring from the board due to medical reasons. The cause of his death was not disclosed. He had been on Bruker's board since 2012. From 2001 to 2007, van Ingen was with Agilent Technologies where he served as president of the firm's bio-analytical measurement business. 


 






 















Breaking News 

  



Researchers Find MRSA Genesis Occurred Years Before Clinical Introduction of Methicillin   








In Brief This Week: Quest Diagnostics, Agilent Technologies, Meridian Bioscience, and More  








People in the News: Mark Stevenson, Hans Bishop, Daniel Sikkema, and More  








Doris Duke Charitable Foundation Funds Junior Physician Scientists  








Startup SpinDiag Raises €1.6M in Seed Funding  








Tempus, Rush University Medical Center Collaborate to Expand Hospital's Biobank  




 
 





 







The Scan 







Drive Resistance 

Gene drives might run into biological resistance, the Economist reports.



 









Dalí DNA Collected 

Forensic experts exhumed painter Salvador Dalí's body to collect DNA for a paternity test, CBS News reports.



 









Synthetic-Conservation Biology Disconnect 

Yale Environment 360 writes that synthetic and conservation biologists aren't always on the same wavelength, but they are trying to reach an understanding.



 









This Week in Science 

In Science this week: full CRISPR locus integration complex structure, and more.



 






 







Featured White Papers




 By SeraCare 
 Seraseq ctDNA: A Breakthrough QC Technology  

 By Enzo Life Sciences 
 A Novel, High Sensitivity, Quantitative Hepatitis C Virus Assay  

 By Promega 
 qPCR: Guidelines for Validating a Multiplex Assay  

 By TTP Labtech 
 Successful Miniaturization of Molecular Biology Reaction Volumes: Using Mosquito HTS for Gateway Cloning, PCR Amplification and Nextera Library Generation  


 





 











 




What's Popular?



      In PCR    

  



Circulating Tumor DNA Dynamics May Hold Hints to Immunotherapy Response, PseudoprogressionPremium  








Startup SpinDiag Raises €1.6M in Seed Funding  








Bio-Rad Laboratories Aims to Create Genome Editing Tools Pipeline, Starting With ddPCRPremium  








Rice U Team Debuts Modular Probe Method to Detect Hypervariable, Long, or Repetitive DNA SequencesPremium  








LGC Acquires Link Technologies  




 
 





 





 












Sponsorships 





 





 





 





 





 





 









 






About us
Advertise
Contact
Jobs
Subscribe







Privacy Policy.  Copyright © 2017 GenomeWeb LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 





 























John Kraeutler - Kraeutler Financial | Network of Opportunity

































 















 












LoginYou are not logged in.UsernamePassword Register 










John Kraeutler – Kraeutler Financial

				Posted on November 30, 2013August 27, 2015  by Jay- Admin login 


John Kraeutler, Kraeutler Financial


About John
65 Madison Ave, Suite 300
Morristown, NJ 07960
Phone: (973) 867-1387
Fax: (973) 401-1418
http://www.kraeutlerfinancial.com
john@kraeutlerfinancial.com
About Kraeutler Financial
Kraeutler Financial is an independent investment advisory firm, dedicated to its clients and their life goals. We are located in Liberty Corner New Jersey.
We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in our relationship with you, our client. We endeavor to know and understand your financial situation and provide you with only the highest quality information, services, and products to help you reach your goals.
Our philosophy derives from a focused, value-oriented approach to investment research and portfolio management.  We take a disciplined, long-term view of the markets and investments. We aim to foster long-term relationships with our clients.
 





























Kraeutler John C






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,580  0.15%Kuldip SahiRobert MarcusMarc LawrenceApfelbaum






World
US















Kraeutler  John C

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameKraeutler  John CSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment0.0 Contact Details LocationLiberty Corner, New JerseyAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://khfmllc.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Kraeutler-John-C and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Kraeutler  John C Liberty Corner NJ 0 Macro Consulting Group LLC Parsippany NJ 0 Pinnacle Financial Advisors  LLC Marlton NJ 0 Caxton Associates  LLC Princeton NJ 0 Highland Financial Advisors  LLC Riverdale NJ 0 Quantitative Management Associates Newark NJ 0 Raab & Moskowitz Asset Management L Chatham NJ 0 Kraeutler  John C Liberty Corner NJ 0 Value Architects Asset Management L Summit NJ 0 The Concard Investment Advisors  LL Iselin NJ 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets







































 



Meridian Bioscience Promotes John A. Kraeutler to Chief Executive Officer, William J. Motto Moves to Executive Chairman | Business Wire


























































Meridian Bioscience Promotes John A. Kraeutler to Chief Executive 
      Officer,William J. Motto Moves to Executive Chairman






January 28, 2008 04:00 PM Eastern Standard Time



CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Cincinnati, Ohio (NASDAQ: VIVO) today 
      announced that the Board of Directors has appointed Jack Kraeutler to 
      Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kraeutler joined the Company in January, 
      1992 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. In July 
      1992, Mr. Kraeutler was named President and Chief Operating Officer of 
      Meridian. Before joining Meridian, Mr. Kraeutler served as Vice 
      President, General Manager for a division of Carter-Wallace, Inc. Prior 
      to that, he held key marketing and technical positions with Becton, 
      Dickinson and Company and Organon, Inc. Mr. Kraeutler has more than 35 
      years of experience in the medical diagnostics industry and has been a 
      Director of Meridian since 1997.
    

      Bill Motto was appointed Executive Chairman. Mr. Motto founded the 
      Company and held the title of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
      Before forming Meridian, Mr. Motto served in various capacities for 
      Wampole Laboratories, Inc., Marion Laboratories, Inc. and Analytab 
      Products, Inc., a division of American Home Products Corp. Mr. Motto has 
      more than 40 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and diagnostics 
      products industries and has been Chairman of the Board since 1977.
    

      Mr. Motto commented, “I am very pleased that 
      the Board approved this change, which properly reflects the roles of 
      senior management. Jack has certainly earned the position of Chief 
      Executive Officer and has my full confidence. My role as a full time 
      working Executive Chairman will be a continuation of my interest in 
      furthering the strategic growth of Meridian Bioscience. As we look 
      forward to record sales and earnings, it is comforting to know that we 
      have an experienced and highly capable management team led by an 
      exceptional CEO.”


      FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
    

      The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe 
      harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements accompanied 
      by meaningful cautionary statements. Except for historical information, 
      this report contains forward-looking statements which may be identified 
      by words such as “estimates”, 
      “anticipates”, “projects”, 
      “plans”, “seeks”, 
      “may”, “will”, 
      “expects”, “intends”, 
      “believes”, “should” 
      and similar expressions or the negative versions thereof and which also 
      may be identified by their context. Such statements, whether expressed 
      or implied, are based upon current expectations of the Company and speak 
      only as of the date made. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly 
      update any forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to 
      various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
      results to differ materially, including, without limitation, the 
      following: Meridian’s continued growth 
      depends, in part, on its ability to introduce into the marketplace 
      enhancements of existing products or new products that incorporate 
      technological advances, meet customer requirements and respond to 
      products developed by Meridian’s competition. 
      While Meridian has introduced a number of internally developed products, 
      there can be no assurance that it will be successful in the future in 
      introducing such products on a timely basis. Ongoing consolidations of 
      reference laboratories and formation of multi-hospital alliances may 
      cause adverse changes to pricing and distribution. Costs and 
      difficulties in complying with laws and regulations administered by the 
      United States Food and Drug Administration can result in unanticipated 
      expenses and delays and interruptions to the sale of new and existing 
      products. Changes in the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. 
      dollar can change expected results. One of Meridian’s 
      main growth strategies is the acquisition of companies and product 
      lines. There can be no assurance that additional acquisitions will be 
      consummated or that, if consummated, will be successful and the acquired 
      businesses successfully integrated into Meridian’s 
      operations. In addition to the factors described in this paragraph, Part 
      I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Form 10-K contains a list of 
      uncertainties and risks that may affect the financial performance of the 
      Company.
    

      Meridian is a fully integrated life science company that manufactures, 
      markets and distributes a broad range of innovative diagnostic test 
      kits, purified reagents and related products and offers 
      biopharmaceutical enabling technologies. Utilizing a variety of methods, 
      these products and diagnostic tests provide accuracy, simplicity and 
      speed in the early diagnosis and treatment of common medical conditions, 
      such as gastrointestinal, viral and respiratory infections. Meridian’s 
      diagnostic products are used outside of the human body and require 
      little or no special equipment. The Company's products are designed to 
      enhance patient well-being while reducing the total outcome costs of 
      healthcare. Meridian has strong market positions in the areas of 
      gastrointestinal and upper respiratory infections, serology, 
      parasitology and fungal disease diagnosis. In addition, Meridian is a 
      supplier of rare reagents, specialty biologicals and related 
      technologies used by biopharmaceutical companies engaged in research for 
      new drugs and vaccines. The Company markets its products and 
      technologies to hospitals, reference laboratories, research centers, 
      veterinary testing centers, physician offices, diagnostics manufacturers 
      and biotech companies in more than 60 countries around the world. The 
      Company’s shares are traded through NASDAQ’s 
      Global Select Market, symbol VIVO. Meridian's website address is www.meridianbioscience.com.
    




Contacts

      Meridian Bioscience, Inc.John A. Kraeutler, 513-271-3700
    












Contacts

      Meridian Bioscience, Inc.John A. Kraeutler, 513-271-3700
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Meridian Bioscience's (VIVO) CEO John Kraeutler Presents at Baird 2016 Global Healthcare Conference (Transcript) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Meridian Bioscience's (VIVO) CEO John Kraeutler Presents at Baird 2016 Global Healthcare Conference (Transcript)Sep. 7.16 | About: Meridian Bioscience (VIVO) Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIVO)
Baird 2016 Global Healthcare Conference
September 07, 2016 08:30 AM ET
Executives
John Kraeutler - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts
Catherine Sazdanoff - Robert W. Baird & Co
John Kraeutler
Good morning, everybody and thank you to Baird for the invitation as always. We've been long-term partners with Baird and we always appreciate coming to their conferences. They seem to get the best meetings and really get PMs that appreciate our story.
Our story is a bit unique; you will see that I have only got two slides today, because most of our conversation is fireside chat. So I don't have to warn that talks about warning you about forward looking statements. So I will warn you verbally that we may be talking about things that may or may not come true in the future, but please take the appropriate heed.
Our business was founded in 1977 so we are coming up on our 40th year and we have been driven by essentially making lab diagnostics much simpler, but also being extremely efficient financially. The company started paying a dividend in 1991 and we paid one every year since then.
Today we are paying at a fairly high rate up north of 80% of earnings, which should tell you two things. One is we are profitable and like many companies in the biomedical space or unlike many companies in the biomedical space, we actually do generate profit.
Very high gross profits in the mid 60s, high operating income around 30% and after tax around 20% and we have been able to sustain numbers like that for at least the last 25 years. We do acquire, but our organic growth rates are expected to be somewhere in the 5% to 7% range, so that when we acquire it's incremental to whatever our organic growth happens to be.
The slide that I’m going to share with you, I think is a slide that allows us to go into a number of directions. We are very specific about the parts of our business and where the growth is coming from. So the slide that you are looking at shows Vivo at about a $200 million rate for this year and we are on a - October 1 begins our new fiscal year. So we are just wrapping up fiscal 2016.
The life science piece of it is important. It is a part of our business that began in 1998, a very small piece back then around $1 million and essentially this business is supplying the biological raw materials to other large diagnostic companies such as Siemens, or Abbot, Roche, or J&J. Also to research laboratories and a lot of work was being done by startup companies that are trying to get into the space.
A good example of that is every time an Abbot instrument anywhere in the world run a Hepatitis A test, Meridian grew that protein and purified it and sold that to Abbot and that becomes integral to their diagnostic test.
Recently Zika Biologicals had become very important for us and you may be familiar with all the companies that are chasing after Zika to try to develop a test we are supplying raw biologicals to many of those companies. I say raw biologicals, they are highly purified biologicals, but they are essentially the biologicals that are used as a basis for those test and Zika has snuck up on us this year and we will do nearly a $1 million in Zika Biologicals in fiscal 2016.
We are not really sure where that market is going, but that's a great example of an emerging market that may never become a huge commercial success other than blood unit screening, but Meridian is at the forefront, because we had the biologicals that are being used by those companies.
So our life science business, well over $50 million this year, it should grow $5 million to $7 million next year organically with a lot of that growth coming from the one I just mentioned Zika. But also a lot of emerging opportunities in China where the Chinese diagnostic companies want to buy their biologicals from the company that supplies the large western diagnostic companies.

Our China business in the life science has grown from about $300,000 four years ago to over $4 million this year and it's growing quite rapidly and it gets in under the reimbursement sealing, because we are supplying part of the diagnostic rather than a finish diagnostic that usually gets collaborate by low reimbursement rates.
We got into the molecular business about six years ago, with a brand called Illumigene, and Illumigene is a very simple platform. It's a piece of equipment that the customer doesn’t pay for, they do 1000 test a year, replace the reader for free in their laboratory and they have got a three year commitment to us to use that reader.
We now have over 1,500 placements and a menu of about 11 tests in Illumigene. So our positioning for Illumigene is different than a lot of the molecular companies that have chosen one or two targets and they have got a single piece of capital equipment and they hope that they are either going to make it or not make it based upon the success of that target.
We have got 11 targets, we are adding three to five a year and we want to Illumigene to end up as the best value molecular system in the laboratory, almost one you can’t do without as oppose to getting into the trading capital equipment, which is drilling on with so many of the businesses.
If you look at the molecular space, it's been very hard for six or seven years. Wall Street has chased a lot of these startup companies, many of them are falling back to earth and you probably saw yesterday that Sofie got acquired. So that’s a consolidations taken place, there is not many other players that have viable systems other than a Meridian or Sofie or something that are embedded like in a Becton, Dickinson.
So molecular should grow also mid to high single digits, somewhere in the 5% to 8% range going forward and there is a number of new products that would be announced going into the future that fit into that with one of the harder new products being our product for malaria diagnostics. Very, very successful sensitive assay, which is doing well in Europe right now, it's beginning to go into the emerging market in Africa, but you have to get into the bureaucracy in of way healthcare has paid for in that marketplace.
Magellan is an acquisition we did in March of this year. Magellan has a proprietary system for doing blood lead levels. Children that are covered by Medicaid at year one and year two, they must be tested for blood lead. Magellan was a business that was owned by a private equity firm for about six or seven years, which made Magellan very financially efficient, but somewhat restricted in its global marketing, they were only in the U.S. pediatrician office.
Our goal with Magellan is to keep them growing on their current trajectory, but also to get Magellan into other specialties in the United States and then get them outside the United States. I mentioned China, China is very opportunistic market for us where the government has said “we believe more than 10% of our children had elevated blood lead levels and we want to do something about it.”
So we are in the process right now are looking for - I shouldn’t say looking for, evaluating a number of distribution partners that have clamored for this particular product.
I’m looking at Magellan as a 10% grower. The number you are looking at is around $16 million that was fiscal 2015, actually this year they will come in somewhere around $17 million to $18 million. So for fiscal 2017 we are looking for another couple of million dollars on top of Magellan and of course if China opens up, then we will recast that number, because it should be much stronger than that.
Tier 1, rapid diagnostic is primarily our H. pylori franchise, H. pylori being the primary cause of peptic ulcers; this is the category that’s grown rapidly at 8% to 10% over the years. We are tuning that one back a little bit, because we come off patent in May of this year and although we haven’t seen much competition, we don’t want to be too aggressive and we will be looking somewhere at 5% growth rate for fiscal 2017.

Tier 2, diagnostic products, these are legacy products, products where there is a lot of generic competition. This year, there has been some erosion in that space $3 million to $4 million in that category. We would probably look at another $3 million to $4 million of erosion going forward just because prices are difficult, we expect more competition and it’s not really a focus area for our business.
So I believe the consensus for 2017 is around $211 million for Meridian, we expect to launch guidance sometimes towards the end of September, this is the first year where we are actually integrate Magellan in, so it’s taken us a few extra weeks to get our guidance ready, but you should expect to see that.
So Catherine if I can, I'll come over and join you.
Question-and-Answer Session
Q - Catherine Sazdanoff
Thanks okay. So with most excited recent Magellan acquisition, now starting in March, how has that been going for forum as the integration, what are your expectations for the year, are they the same as when first announced?
John Kraeutler
We have done a series of acquisitions that very often they have very low margins and it took us three to five years to bring the margins up through Magellan comparable margin. Because of private equity group had owned Magellan, they put a tremendous discipline into the business. So going in and cutting costs was really never anything we had to consider. We can look at strictly as a leverageable opportunity.
After we had fixed the price on Magellan, the Flint Michigan crisis broke. So, the number of new customers that were accessing has gone up, the rate has gone up. We expected Magellan to be slightly dilutive this year and it looks like Magellan borrowing the one-time charges is actually going to be slightly accretive this year.
So Magellan currently is running ahead of expectations, we have not articulated at what rate, but they are beating their plan month-by-month. So we think it’s going quite well, you asked about the integration. Magellan is essentially a turnkey for us. They use a sensor based diagnostic technology, which means that its different from Meridian’s other seven or eight diagnostic platforms and if you went to Magellan facility, you would see it is primarily a production facility.
So relatively low G&A overhead and a very, very fine-tuned production facility. Our expectation is that probably within three years, we are going to have to build out in that space for additional production and if China opens up, which will not be in our guidance, but if China opens up, we might have to move faster on that.
So I think, it’s gone extremely well, the management teams have worked well together, we have really yet to explore the leverage potential. One of the things that attracted us to Magellan aside from a well run business was they had 7,500 placements of their LeadCare II instrument in pediatrician offices.
And Meridian’s business, its diagnostic business is primarily a lab-based business. So outpatient labs, hospital labs, reference laboratories. Magellan had a very strong position in point-of-care and our interest in Magellan was to be able to cross-sell Meridian’s diagnostics into the primary care markets. But I would say we are extremely early in that process, but it looks promising.
Catherine Sazdanoff
And the a little bit on your fiscal 2016 guidance then puts and takes there. What is your level of confidence in that guidance and what are the biggest areas of risk for upsides?
John Kraeutler
Yes I think the 2016 numbers were damaged by two things. One was the Tier 2 diagnostics for legacy products that I mentioned, we did not expect to take a $3 million to $4 million haircut in that space, but we saw generic competition come in early in the year and it continues to be problematic.

And we have also seen panels coming in where instead of the doctor ordering a test for a single target or two targets, the doctor orders a panel that does 12 or 15 assays in the panel. The reimbursement is off the scale for that. So far, reimbursement has been somewhat variable with some third-party payers paying and others protesting loudly. So we think that's going to sort out, but that’s still an area of concern for us.
The other parts of the business are fairly durable. As you could imagine there has been a lot of competition in molecular and in molecular you have companies that are probably winding down and because of that they are I use the term reckless in some of their marketing strategies, where they are going for lowest possible prices, free pieces of capital equipment. Anything to be able to come to Wall Street and say I just got another 20 customers, so they can raise more money and they can stay alive.
So molecular has been a very hot area of interest, it's obviously a focus area for us. But I believe that I’m confident saying that Meridian and Sofie had held their average selling prices worth of $20 a test in molecular, whereas we have seen a number of these younger companies coming in anywhere from the $10 to $15 per test. And for many of them, which rely upon capital equipment, they are probably selling at an overall loss, just to be able to get a toe hold.
Catherine Sazdanoff
Okay. And C. diff. has been a substantial revenue component for you guys historically, where do you envision that market unfolding over the next few years? So pricing dynamics experience is that still an area of growth for you?
John Kraeutler
C. diff. is an interesting area. Our first C. diff. products were launched in the late 1980s and we have had a commanding market share since that time, but when molecular came into C. difficile, which was about six years ago, we were the only existing company that had significant market share, close to $30 million and see C. difficile that had to flip much of that business to molecular.
So one of the things you don’t see over the last five or six years, is we have actually back filled about $25 million of C. difficile business that was being done by immunoassay that's now being done by molecular. So today our C. difficile business is hanging in at around $30 million, we are optimistic that we might be able to get a couple of points of growth out of it.
But it's a very diversified part of the business where about 75% of the dollars are in molecular, but the other 25% are in the old immunoassays and we are the only company that offers the full armamentarium of tests either immunoassay or molecular, but is it a growth area? No.
Catherine Sazdanoff
And you mentioned in your prepared remarks that H. pylori patent expired in May, haven’t seen increased competition there yet. What actions are you taking to combat potential increased competition in the future and may be talk about the market dynamics for testing that would be centralized and where that’s headed?
John Kraeutler
Sure our H. pylori business began around 1996, 1997 and prior to that doctors were running a rapid screening test for antibody to see if a person had ever been exposed to H. pylori, but it didn’t tell you whether you had an active infection. So our patented product was a test for active infection, it was a stool based assay that would tell the doctors this person has the H. pylori bacteria in their gut. The recommendation at that point was to test, treat, eradicative infection.
A lot of market development went into it and it grew to be than a $30 million category. About six or seven years ago, we began to have competition in Europe and our growth rate in Europe slowed from around 15% to down to 2% or 3%, because price pressures et cetera, et cetera. So our unit market share has held up nicely in Europe, but prices have come down rapidly in that market.

In the U.S., we were protected through May of this year by our patent and we expected that European competitors that we have been fighting against were going to show up in the U.S. market. To this point, none have come into the United State's market, we still expect them, but it's allowed us to do a couple of things.
One is to build a very defensive posture where our existing customers are doing lots of the longer term contracts, we are you would see talked about centralized versus decentralized, we do have rapid assays that work in 10 minutes. We have been able to decentralize a lot of the testing to hospitals and clinics and as you diversify your customer base, obviously your target becomes more difficult to hit.
But it's also allowed us to build an offensive string, and what I mean by that is we have had another new product in the category approved by the FDA earlier this year and we just started marketing ASR, Analyte Specific Reagent for Clarithromycin resistance H. pylori. So this would be a premium diagnostic that tells the doctor not only does the patient has H. pylori, but also is it resistant to Clarithromycin, which is usually one of the top-line drugs that’s prescribed for eradicating.
There is a third product in development so that would probably see the light in the middle of 2017, which is a combination product of H. pylori diagnostics and something else that we think is material to detect in a stool sample. So we are not caviler about it, as I said we expect next year a 5% growth rate is probably appropriate. We hope that we can do better than that but there is no reason to be bullish in the guidance when we are facing potential competition.
I will say that our largest competitor, which is not unusual is a doctor that treats empirically for stomach pain. And the doctor prescribes an nexium or zantac and never worries about whether there is a bacteria in your gut and this bacteria happens to a class-1 question again. So later in life when you get stomach cancer, remember that when you were 40 years old, your doctor put you on zantac or nexium and you took that your entire life and now the bacteria has done its job.
Catherine Sazdanoff
And then if you go back over the last year, you have launched CT/NG, HSV, you talked about malaria. Can you talk about how those are progressing, as you have been pleased with the launches and if you had to take one and what your more excited about?
John Kraeutler
Great question, Illumigene which is our molecular platform, because Illumigene doesn’t require a capital investment on the customers’ part. We find that we conclude assets on the system that are relatively low volume, but very high value to the laboratory. So each of the products you mentioned is very different.
Chlamydia and Gonorrhea, our feeling was in the United States, the market was well-served by large automated companies, because with Chlamydia and Gonorrhea, you are talking about primarily screening testing, making up mostly the volume as oppose to what I would consider diagnostic testing. Diagnostic meaning somebody who suspects that they Chlamydia or Gonorrhea versus somewhat who is being screened as either a part of wellness or it’s a prenatal workup or something of that type.
So we said, we are stay away from that, because the FDA wants $5 million to $7 million worth of clinical trials to be run to be approved in United States. We said, but we have got 300 Illumigene customers in Europe and Chlamydia and Gonorrhea would be a great side core product for people that already have the system.
So actually is doing well, but we are talking about hundreds of thousands for dollars. Herpes 1 and 2 is one of those products that its appeal is that about 70% of laboratories in United States, don’t do any Herpes testing, they send them out. And in today’s world where hospital CEOs and hospital Boards have purchased physician offices, they have built satellite clinics, they have added new wings on their hospitals, they are star for revenue. So a send out diagnostic is a revenue opportunity if they can bring that in-house.

So the Herpes products are actually kicking the door open, meaning for us, it allows new placements of Illumigene and then as you might expect with 11 products on the platform, if you open the door with Herpes very often, you can get two to three other assays to be brought in at the same time. Often when we get new C. difficile customer, it’s not because we have opened them up for C. difficile, but we have opened them for hoping whooping cough or Herpes or something else.
The one that I'm most excited about, I think is Malaria, because Malaria has done couple of things for us. Number one is the first Illumigene molecular assay that’s done on blood every other one is done on either stool, or swabs, or wounds or some odd specimen. And the amount of Malaria in the world is just enormous, million children die every year. Malaria has two distinct markets, one is the traveler market.
These are people, who are residents of Europe, but they were probably born in an endemic area and they go back and forth and when they show-up in Europe again with a low fever, they need to be tested right away. So again, we have an existing base of customers, the addition of Malaria onto those customers has been very routine for us. Hundreds of thousands of dollars this year, probably close to a million dollars going into next year.
But the real opportunities how to I get into Senegal and Sierra Leone, et cetera and we have had great - in fact, we just won a award for the most innovative Malaria diagnostic or treatment in the last year. And the issue here is you have to get into the bureaucracy, you have to get your product embedded, approved, put on the list and then dollars have to be appealed for.
So Malaria is going to be maybe mid to late 2017 in terms of large purchases coming out of the endemic areas, but we think it’s going to happen. Malaria has also opened up a brand new strategic category for us that begin as we called that mosquito-borne or tropical diseases, but now it’s been re-identified as insight vector diseases, which allows us to get into line lyme kingella, which causes pediatric arthritis in the joints.
So here Illumigene is going to be used on joint fluid, which is called synovial fluid and begin to see this very and you begin to see this very broad diversified platform that's capable of doing almost any infectious disease diagnostic on any type of sample.
Catherine Sazdanoff
Okay, and then you talked about adding about three to five tests per year. Just wondering if you could paint a picture for the future pipeline, anything in there that is faced through and then how to you think about adding in test for areas in that test field going forward ?
John Kraeutler
Sure. I want to be respectful of this forum. We tend not to signal where we are going too far in the future, because there are many of our competitors that are taking a different tact when they are looking at market opportunities. They tend to look at where is the highest volume and then we are going after that high volume. What we tend to do is look for the markets that we believe we can help emerge.
And I think the insect vector is a very, very good one. So insect vector takes you into malaria, takes you into Zika, we can do Zika on Illumigene, we can also do Zika in immunoassay, because we believe the market is going to bifurcate. And I don't know if bifurcate is a world, but they will be screening for Zika immunity, they will be screening for Zika in blood units and they will be screening for Zika diagnostic, I think Zika diagnostic will be the smallest volume.
So that's an opportunity. And then things like for Babesia which is a tick-borne disease that is often associated with suspicion of lyme disease. And those of you that are in the New York are Long Island will be - many of the large institutions on Long Island are trying to start there BCF screening in January and we are in early with prototype products. So we think that could be very appealing.

And then the kingella bacteria that I mentioned before is also tick-borne and the children's hospitals that are trying to diagnose arthritis in children are extremely excited about this. This is anecdotal, but the children's hospital will usually try to culture the organism from synovial fluid and their accuracy rate is about 50%.
So in the studies that we have done, we have got an 100% of the Babesia infections. So we believe this can be not only a very viable market for us, but it also helps to define what Meridian is all about.
Catherine Sazdanoff
Okay and then before we wrap up with the last question, I'll change gears and move at your margin so far, I think that's an attractive piece of Meridian. So if you could talk about your integrating molecular manufacturing in-house, how that improves margins and then what else you are doing to drive manufacturing efficiency?
John Kraeutler
Sure, sure, I mentioned before that very often when we acquire, we will acquire things and have a lower margin profile and then it takes us three to five years to bring them up to a level that's comparable to what the Meridian investor is looking for. When it came to molecular, our job was to get Illumigene into the market as fast as possible and we used a number of outside partners to get that done, which became expensive.
We spent $4.1 million I guess it’s three years ago now to build our own on campus molecular manufacturing facility and the savings on that at 2015 revenue rates was about $2 million a year. So as Illumigene sales go up that number continues to improve. So to Illumigene which had margins in the mid-50s now is up around 65%, 66%. There is another program that we reviewed yesterday morning, which has the potential to save another $2 million on Illumigene, it will probably take us two to three years to get through that.
But I think the point Catherine is constant focus on driving cost down. The molecular space has had the luxury of having higher reimbursements in the United States, but we are expecting that there is going to be broad-brush approaches to reimbursement and molecular is going to be a very opportunistic target. So we want to make sure that our manufacturing costs are the lowest in the industry.
Catherine Sazdanoff
Okay and then one big picture question to wrap it up. When you look at Meridian five years from now, be it Magellan, your appetite for additional M&A, how you plan to expand globally? And what does Meridian looks like five years from now?
John Kraeutler
I think that all I would tell an investor today is organic growth in the 5% to 8% range is something that we think we can manage at our current size and our current investment profile. We do acquire and we have never leveraged our balance sheet up until this year, when we brought Magellan.
We have spent some time talking about what is our capacity with the bankers and also a little bit with the public markets. We haven't come to you and tried to raise money in quite a while, but we think we have got $150 million to $200 million of easily accessible capital and as long as we follow our formula, we should be in good shape.
So if you take $200 million business and you bandwidth it at 5% growth versus 8% growth that gives you what the core is and then another couple $100 million should buy us another $80 million to $100 million of revenue going forward, very, very rough numbers. But we have done this for 40 years.
We are not trying to convince everybody, we are going to double next year, but if we can convince people that we can grow it 5% to 8% continue to pay a dividend and be smart with our acquisition dollars, I think we will satisfy a lot of investors.
Catherine Sazdanoff
With that, thank you very much.
John Kraeutler
Catherine, a pleasure. Thank you.

Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Diagnostic Substances, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All VIVO TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #02f87ee0-6f0c-11e7-9729-d154ccc3b4c0
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #032470e0-6f0c-11e7-ad8e-dfd2e0daa25a
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          



















Meridian Bioscience Engages Korn Ferry To Conduct CEO Search As John A. Kraeutler Announces Plans To Retire - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Meridian Bioscience Engages Korn Ferry To Conduct CEO Search As John A. Kraeutler Announces Plans To Retire






GlobeNewswire



May 10, 2017 9:00 AM EDT













 


















































 CINCINNATI, May 10, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIVO) today announced it will commence a global search for a new Chief Executive Officer in conjunction with the planned retirement of John A. Kraeutler in accordance with the terms of his employment agreement.  Mr. Kraeutler plans to continue to serve in the capacity of CEO until his successor is found.  Going forward he will be available to assist the new CEO during the transition and onboarding phases, and will remain as Executive Chairman of Meridian's Board of Directors.  A committee of the Board will begin the search immediately with the assistance of Korn Ferry, a global talent advisory firm "The Board thanks Mr. Kraeutler for his entrepreneurial vision and many achievements that led to Meridian's growth and status as a leading and well regarded diagnostics and life sciences company," said David Phillips, Lead Director. "The Board and Mr. Kraeutler have planned for the transition of his leadership, and they will work together to bring on a CEO who can take Meridian to the next level, utilizing its considerable assets." "The Board would like to recognize, with deep appreciation, the contributions and dedication of its management team and employees that define Meridian.  Under Mr. Kraeutler's leadership, they have achieved many significant milestones." Mr. Kraeutler commented, "Since having joined the Company in January 1992, numerous opportunities and challenges have been managed successfully that have enabled Meridian Bioscience to become a global leader in diagnostics and life science tools.  It has been my pleasure to have led such a dedicated and capable team that has built this diversified, efficient business that supplies vital products and tools for improving healthcare worldwide.  This succession process is an essential part of helping to ensure the future growth of Meridian Bioscience and I look forward to welcoming a CEO with a clear vision and the skills to drive the Company forward."   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













3 Undiscovered, Undervalued Health Care Stocks Poised to Outperform the Sector in 2016
Investors already know that the multitrillion-dollar health care sector is booming, but these exceptional growth plays in health are largely ignored, which is a great opportunity now for you.



Devesh Kumar

Jan 9, 2016 1:45 PM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - VIVO, CCG And PDCE Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include VIVO, CCG and PDCE



TheStreet Wire

Nov 25, 2015 11:00 AM EST
























Meridian Bioscience (VIVO) Weak On High Volume
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Meridian Bioscience (VIVO) as a weak on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Sep 9, 2015 10:21 AM EDT
























Buy These 4 High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Take Advantage of the Health Care Boom
Health care stocks are up 33% over the last 12 months, nearly doubling the return of the S&P 500.



Ben Reynolds

Apr 17, 2015 8:51 AM EDT








































 











Trending


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


The 5 FANG Stocks of the Dotcom Era -- and Where They Are Now


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


There Is One Merger That Would Scare the Living the Daylights Out of Amazon











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















