









Dental Kramer Kevines| DoWell Dental Products, Inc.




























JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.







10% OFF ORDERS OVER $300

Skip to Content
 



My Account

        Sign In    



        SHOPPING CART()
    










Toggle Nav










MY ACCOUNT



SIGN IN





Search











        Advanced Search    














 


Account

















                    Home                


Kramer (Gold) - Chisel





SKU: S1022ZS




$80.00 








 


Qty






Add to Cart










Kramer (Gold) is designed to remove tissue flaps and splitting bone.


Additional Information























Newsletter



Sign Up for Our Newsletter:






Subscribe








ONLINE SERVICE+

Privacy Notice/
Shipping & Returns/
Contact Us



DOWEL DENTAL PRODUCT
9287 Ninth Street Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
/
Tel: (+877) 373-8904










        © 2016 DoWell Dental Products. All rights reserved.    

 








Kevin E. Kramer, '89 | Benedictine College




















































        



       



















RAVENZONE
APPLY
GIVE



APPLY
GIVE
RAVENZONE














   



          

 ▼ RELATED LINKS ▼


  × 


   


 Benedictine College

 About

 Mission & Values

 Mission 
 Vision 
 Values 
 Ex Corde Ecclesiae 
 
 Heritage 
 Facilities

 Buildings 
 Security

 Emergency Response Plan 
 Security Report 
 
 Parking 
 Conferencing 
 
 Benedictine 2020

 Give to Benedictine College 
 
 Mary's Grotto 
 Board of Directors 
 Lists & Rankings 
 Raven Review 
 
 Give

 The Gift of Benedictine 
 Making A Gift 
 Benedictine College Fund 
 Major Gift Opportunities 
 Scholarship Ball 
 Giving Societies 
 Planned Giving 
 Matching Gifts 
 Alumni 
 Contact Us 
 Loyal Raven Program 
 
 Academics

 Undergraduate Programs

 Art 
 Biology

 Faculty & Courses 
 Careers & Alumni 
 Prospective Students 
 Research & Discovery 
 Trips, Events, & Outreach 
 Resources & Facilities 
 
 Business

 Overview 
 Degrees and Careers 
 Faculty 
 Jobs, Internships, and Events 
 Student Organizations 
 Learning Opportunities 
 
 Chemistry & Biochemistry

 Degree Programs 
 Colloquium 
 Faculty & Staff 
 Instrumentation 
 Student Activities 
 
 Economics 
 Education 
 Engineering

 Why Benedictine Engineering? 
 Degrees 
 Overview 
 Faculty 
 Alumni 
 
 English 
 Exercise Science 
 History 
 Journalism & Mass Communications 
 Mathematics & Computer Science 
 World & Classical Languages and Cultures 
 Music

 Instrumental Ensembles 
 Choral Ensembles 
 
 Nursing 
 Philosophy

 Current Students 
 Prospective Students 
 Faculty 
 
 Physics & Astronomy

 Degrees 
 Courses 
 Graduates 
 Faculty 
 
 Political Science 
 Psychological Sciences

 Curriculum 
 Faculty 
 Club 
 Research Experience 
 Service Experience 
 Careers 
 
 Sociology & Criminology 
 Theatre & Dance 
 Theology 
 
 Graduate Programs

 Master of Business Administration

 Why a Benedictine MBA? 
 Requirements & Admission 
 Courses 
 Live Interactive Video-Conferencing 
 
 Graduate Programs in Education 
 
 International Education

 Study Abroad 
 International Students 
 English as a Second Language 
 
 Library 
 Programs of Distinction

 Gregorian Fellows Program 
 Honors Program 
 
 Student Success Center 
 Center for Service-Learning 
 Great Books 
 Course Catalog 
 Offices 
 Resources

 FERPA 
 Transcript Request 
 Finals Schedule 
 
 Commencement 
 Century of Science 
 
 Admission

 Application Process 
 Visit Us

 Personal Campus Visit 
 Open House 
 Raven Day 
 Transfer Raven Day 
 Presidential Scholars 
 
 Financial Aid

 Award Process 
 Scholarships 
 Calculator 
 
 Transfer Students 
 Counselors 
 ROTC 
 Personal Admission Interviews 
 SOAR 
 
 Faith Life

 Mission and Ministry 
 Sacramental Life 
 Spiritual Growth 
 Social Mission 
 Youth Outreach 
 Benedictine College Youth Conferences

 BCYC Immersion 
 BCYC Encounter 
 
 Memorare Army 
 Symposium on Advancing the New Evangelization 
 Institute for Missionary Activity 
 
 Student Life

 Student Activities 
 Events 
 Student Services 
 Residence Life 
 Health & Wellness

 Student Health Center 
 Counseling Center 
 Student Resources 
 Workout Facilities 
 Sexual Misconduct Policy and Procedures (Title IX) 
 
 Dining Services 
 
 Athletics 




      


Kevin E. Kramer, '89




     

Kevin E. Kramer is a 1989 graduate of Benedictine College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration and a minor in Finance. As an executive vice president of commercial banking for Bank Midwest, Mr.  Kramer is in charge of commercial banking, including business development, treasury management, and client relationship management. Mr. Kramer came to Bank Midwest from UMB Financial Corporation, where he served as senior vice president and led commercial strategy. At UMB, Mr. Kramer was responsible for oversight of commercial strategy and customer acquisition across all business client segments, and during his 15 year tenure, he held various senior roles in commercial banking, enterprise sales and business development. A long-time resident of Kansas City, Mr. Kramer has held numerous board and leadership positions with community organizations, including Kansas City Area Development Council, Union Station, Ronald McDonald House Charities, Catholic Charities, Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce Centurions Program, and Benedictine College. He is an alumnus of Ingram’s 40 Under Forty and former Centurion of the Year. Kevin  is married to Pam Schaefer Kramer (88) and live in Olathe, Kansas, with their two daughters Claire (17) and Libby (12).  They are parishioners at Church of the Ascension and are very active in many church and school related activities.    Back to Board of Directors


          









COPYRIGHT © 2017 BENEDICTINE COLLEGE



       















 













 








Kevin E. Kramer, MD - Pediatrician in Mattoon, IL | MD.com



































































HomeFind a DoctorPediatriciansIllinoisMattoonDr. Kevin E. Kramer 



















Make an Appointment
+ Locations, Office Hours & Directions










                                        Kevin Kramer, MD                                    



200 Richmond Ave E,
                                                                                Mattoon,
                                        IL
61938 
                                        
 map
                                        





                                                                                    Call for an Appointment
                                                                            







 

                                                                                                                            Dr. Kevin Kramer is a pediatrician in Mattoon, IL. He offers primary medical care for children of all ages, from toddlers to teens.                                        
                                    













Advertisement







                Save up to 96% on your prescriptions.   Click Here






Reviews of
            
                Dr. Kramer            


                Dr. Kramer            




































Have you seen this doctor?
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Kramer.



Write a Review








            Office            
                of Dr. Kramer            

See Insurance



                of Dr. Kramer            


































Advertisement






            Kevin Kramer, MD             
                    







Accepting New Patients?


Yes, Dr. Kevin E. Kramer is accepting new patients at this office.
                                                    





Phone



(217) 234-7400




Fax



                                                    (217) 258-6767                                                





Address

200 Richmond Ave E, Mattoon, IL 61938





                        Office Details
                    




Doctor Specialty


Pediatrics 


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Practice Specialty
Pediatrics


Languages Spoken
English

















×Close


                            Office Details
                        



                            Kevin Kramer, MD                            

                                200 Richmond Ave E,                                                                 Mattoon,
                                Illinois 61938                                •
                                (217) 234-7400                            





Doctors

1



Doctor’s Specialty


                                        Pediatrics                                    


Doctor’s Title
Pediatrician


Accepting New Patients?
Yes


Practice Specialty
Pediatrics





Close








×Close

                            Request a Video Visit with Dr. Kevin E. Kramer                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password




 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        




>
            


×Close

                            Request an Office Visit with Dr. Kevin E. Kramer                        


Please log in or sign up to continue



Email


Password


Log In

 
Don’t have an account? Sign up now to continue booking your visit:
Sign Up



Close
                        









 Office Details
                


 Get Directions






            Insurance Accepted  
                    




Medicare




NOTE: Please
                        contact the doctor’s office
                        to confirm your coverage before making an appointment.
                                






            About
            
                Dr. Kramer            


                Dr. Kramer            


































Advertisement





Bio









                                        Dr.
                                        Kramer                                        has

                                        
                                            one office                                        
                                        in
                                        Illinois                                                                                    where he                                                                                                                            specializes in
                                            Pediatrics.                                                                            
















             Specialty        







 


Pediatrics 

                                As a pediatrician near Mattoon, IL, Dr. Kevin Kramer provides comprehensive medical care for newborns, children & teens. Pediatricians act as primary care providers, serving as the first point of contact when a young patient is sick or exhibiting symptoms. Dr. Kramer is qualified to offer well-rounded medical care for children of all ages, working closely with the patient's parents & family to make certain that the child is developing & maturing without issue.                            






 


            Languages Spoken  
                    




English









            Latest Pediatrics            News
        
Read the most recent articles about
            Pediatrics









                                Does Your Child Really Have a Food Allergy?                            


                                    Amy Norton, HealthDay Reporter, Jul 24, 2017                                    at 2:00 PM








                                Treating ADHD May Help Curb Later Drinking, Drug Problems                            


                                    Robert Preidt, Jul 24, 2017                                    at 12:00 PM








                                Just a Few Vaccine Refusers Could Endanger Many                            


                                    Alan Mozes, HealthDay Reporter, Jul 24, 2017                                    at 12:00 PM










 













×
Free courtesy of MD.com


Daily Health News & Tips via Email

Get a daily roundup of the latest headlines for free (sent Mon-Fri)















Join the Newsletter













                        See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
                    
















































































Camanche salsa business heats up  | Economy | qctimes.com







































×
We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month.




Already a subscriber?
Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one.






Want to become a subscriber?
Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information.




Digital-only Access









Unlimited Access to:
            
qctimes.com
mobile web and mobile apps
e-replica edition of printed newspaper



Digital-only access only $10.00/mo

















Current Subscriber?




Set up your account



Log In






Current Subscriber?




Set up Account














You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article




























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout









Subscribe
Customer Service




                
                Sections
                
            










                                News
                            



                                        Local News
                                    


                                        Local Crime & Courts
                                    


                                        Politics
                                    


                                        Iowa
                                    


                                        Illinois
                                    


                                        Ask the Times
                                    


                                        Nation
                                    


                                        World
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        High School
                                    


                                        Iowa Hawkeyes
                                    


                                        Bandits
                                    


                                        Mallards
                                    


                                        Live scores & updates
                                    



                                Economy
                            






                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Arts
                                    


                                        Quad-Cities Calendar
                                    


                                        Dining
                                    


                                        Games & Puzzles
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        People
                                    


                                        TV
                                    





                                Lifestyles
                            



                                        Food and Cooking
                                    


                                        Health and Fitness
                                    


                                        Home and Garden
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    



                                Mug shots
                            






                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorials
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    



                                Obituaries
                            




                                Travel
                            






                                Celebrate
                            



                                        Anniversaries
                                    


                                        Birthdays
                                    


                                        Engagements
                                    


                                        Milestones
                                    


                                        Salute
                                    


                                        Weddings
                                    


                                        Births and daily record
                                    



                                Photos
                            




                                Live from the newsroom
                            




                                Traffic
                            




                                Weather
                            






                                Classifieds
                            



                                        Real Estate
                                    


                                        Cars
                                    


                                        Jobs
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Newspaper Ads
                                    


                                        Special sections
                                    



                                Weekly Ads
                            






                                Deals
                            



                                        QC Deals: Get it! Today
                                    


                                        Local Business Search
                                    


                                        Weekly Ads
                                    


                                        Latest Offers
                                    


                                        Contests
                                    



                                Jobs
                            




                                Email Newsletters
                            




                                E-Edition
                            




                                Quad-City Times Bix 7
                            




























Close
















Jeremy Jones of Camanche, Iowa, fills jars with Kramer's Salsa at Tom and Linda Kramer's home in Camanche. (Kevin E. Schmidt/Quad-City Times) 
































































        
        Camanche salsa business heats up 
    


Jennifer DeWitt

Jul 5, 2008













































                                Jeremy Jones of Camanche, Iowa, fills jars with Kramer's Salsa at Tom and Linda Kramer's home in Camanche. (Kevin E. Schmidt/Quad-City Times) 
                            


















































CAMANCHE, Iowa— Linda Kramer could measure the success of her
salsa business by the fact her sales have been growing 25 percent
to 30 percent a year.
She could measure it by the warehouse it now takes to store
Kramer’s Salsa products or by the hundreds and hundreds of Midwest
grocery stores — big and small — that stock it on their shelves.
Or, there are the nearly dozen jobs the operation has created in
her small hometown.
But Kramer measures it by the size of the cooking pot.

“When we first started we used just one small pot,” she said
proudly showing a photograph of the original six-quart pot.
That was back in 2000 when she made salsa two cases at a time on
the weekend and sold it by word-of-mouth.
Today, Kramer’s Salsa is still homemade in the basement of her
home. But it takes a crew of employees, three apartment-sized
stoves and three gigantic metal stock pots that each hold 34
gallons at a time.
“That’s as large as we can buy them,” she said, explaining how
the pots cover all four burners on the stovetop. “We don’t cook in
vats, so it doesn’t overcook the product. That’s the secret,” said
Kramer, who owns the business with her husband, Tom.
“We do everything by hand. The only thing here that is automated
is a can opener,” she said. Although she now buys processed and
diced tomatoes, all the onions and peppers are cut by hand, each
jar is hand-washed and the salsa is dipped into jars one at a time.
After each jar cools, sealing the lid, a label is put on by
hand.
Even the jalapeno and habanero peppers are grown by hand by Tom
Kramer, who planted 2,600 pepper plants this year, up from 2,100
plants a year ago. “We started growing our own to control the
quality,” his wife said, adding that last season’s crop lasted them
through January. Her business was unfazed by this summer’s tomato
scare.
Kramer admits their methods may seem a little unorthodox. But at
full production, they can produce up to 1,800 jars of salsa a week.
“What can I say — it just works,” she said. “It’s a small facility
but it’s very adequate.”
The proof is in the company’s sales and distribution. Kramer
said their salsas – and now a line of pepper jams – are in 1,000
major grocery stores, ranging from Fareway — Kramer’s  first
major grocer — to Hy-Vee, Wal-Mart, SuperTarget and Schnuck’s. It
also is sold through many independent grocery stores across the
Midwest.
Kramer’s Salsa was in 11 states with Wal-Mart, but “logistics”
forced the company to pull back distribution to Iowa, Missouri and
some of Illinois. “Fuel prices are killing small businesses,” she
said. The family-run company recently has enlisted three major food
distributors, Kehe Foods, Gino’s and Sweets and Treats, to help
expand its reach.
“I hold the reins pretty tight,” Kramer said. “If it doesn’t
feel right to me, it doesn’t happen. Other people in the family
like growing faster, not me.”
The company now employs 12 people full-time at the Kramers’
Camanche home as well as 20 people part-time who do in-store
demonstrations in the Des Moines area. Among the employees are the
Kramers’ son, Shane, who is in charge of sales, and daughter,
Jennifer, who is in charge of the office side of the business.
Robyn Butz, who supervises the salsa production, has worked with
Kramer since the days when Linda did in-home childcare — before the
salsa business took over the basement and their one-car garage.
“When we did daycare, everyone loved it,” she said. In those days,
Tom Kramer took salsa to work with him at Union Pacific Railroad
and sales really began to grow.
“The growth has been amazing, it’s gone a long way,” Butz said,
crediting the success to the company’s family atmosphere and Linda
Kramer’s drive. “She’s usually got two phones to her ears,” Butz
said.
Their original salsa, a mild variety nicknamed “Grandma’s
Sauce,” is now one of five levels of heat. For the truly daring,
there also is Inferno and Habanero XXXtreme. The company also has
expanded products to include a variety of pepper jams and soup
mixes. Five new salsa flavors — garlic onion, cranberry, raspberry,
cherry and mango peach pineapple — are due out next month just in
time for the Iowa State Fair.
Kramer, who admits she gets her entrepreneurial spirit from her
father, Bill Logan, says the idea for turning her passion for
cooking into a business was born in 2000 after a trip to Ohio to
celebrate her father’s 75th birthday. Her father was the owner of
Daisy Donut Shops in Clinton and Camanche — named for Kramer’s
mother, Daisy.
“Here we were going to this party and we knew we didn’t want to
take potato salad …,” she said. Instead, she took two cases of her
homemade salsa. After the incredible response from the party-goers,
“something just told me this could work (as a business).”
In fact, after returning home she called Bob Haxton, the head of
inspections for the state of Iowa. “He
said if we were serious, to do it the right way the first time,”
she recalled. Taking that cue, she has every new recipe tested at
the University of Nebraska before it is put in production.

The Kramers created a strong following by taking products to
craft shows across the Midwest as well as to the Iowa State Fair.
Kramer said her family and friends still attend 30-plus shows a
year, sometimes splitting up to cover multiple shows in a single
weekend. They travel across Iowa to Des Moines, Sioux City, Council
Bluffs and others as well as to Chicago and the Quad-Cities.
“People love to meet us,” she said. “People say we’re crazy to
do all these shows. But we have met so many great people.”
By appearing with the Iowa products at the fair, she said “we
can expose the product to a million people at a time.”
Business really began to take off about five years ago after
Kramer’s Salsa gradually broke into the grocery sector. Of course,
it all began at home when Steve Nauman, the owner of Camanche Food
Pride, let Kramer put a display of her salsas in his store. Before
that deal was made, he said “She had people knocking at her door
wanting to buy it. I wish I was the only one carrying it.”
Nauman even buys Kramer salsa by the gallon to put on pizzas he
serves at his Camanche restaurant, The Food Court. Kramer’s Salsa
also has begun supplying salsa for several Quad-City Mexican
restaurants.
“She’s No. 1 around here anyway,” Nauman said. “She’s a real
go-getter.”

Kramer, who will turn 60 this summer, admits she’s a workaholic
and probably never will retire. In her space time, she is a
Camanche city council member and a grandmother to eight of her own
and 200 former daycare kids.
“It’s fulfillment, something of the heart, to see your product
on the shelf,” she said. “It’s definitely not been easy, but the
rewards have been unbelievable — mainly the people we meet.”
Kramer’s hot internationally
Kramer’s Salsa landed a top international food award with its
Inferno Salsa.
The salsa, one of five levels of heat the company makes, won
first place in the 2008 Scovie Award’s hot salsa category. A total
of 783 products competed for top honors in the contest.
The coveted Scovie Awards were created by Dave DeWitt, editor of
Fiery-Foods & BBQ Magazine and founder of the National Fiery
Foods & Barbeque Show. The awards are named for Wilbur
Scoville, who pioneered a rating scale for spicy foods that has
become the industry standard for excellence in more than 60
categories of fiery foods. The entries represented companies from
32 states and  four countries.
On the menu
Salsa: Kramer’s Salsa comes in five levels of
heat from mild, which is known as “Grandma’s Sauce,” to Inferno and
Habanero XXXtreme for those who want more than blazing hot. The
company also offers a Green Olive Salsa — an idea that came to
founder Linda Kramer at 3 a.m. after eating out one night and being
served salad with green olives.
Pepper Jams: Kramer’s Salsa went sweet in 2001
when it introduced its line of pepper jams. Flavors include
raspberry jalapeno, jalapeno pepper, cranberry jalapeno, cherry
jalapeno, peach mango habanero and habanero pepper.
Soup mixes: The company also sells a line of
soup mixes, including tortilla soup, cheesy enchilada soup and
chili soup.
Coming soon: The company plans to introduce
five new salsa flavors in August. They are garlic onion, cranberry,
raspberry and cherry and mango peach pineapple.
For more information: Call (888) 551-5990 or
visit kramerspecialtyfoods.com.
Jennifer DeWitt can be contacted at (563) 383-2318 or jdewitt@qctimes.com.










Angry


0


Sad


0


Funny


0


Wow


0


Love


0























































Tags


Kramer's Salsa


Camanche


Iowa


Linda Kramer


Tom Kramer



























                
                Most Popular
                
            







        

        
        Elderly woman killed in head-on crash in Bettendorf



        

        
        Teacher indicted in federal child porn case



        

        
        Names released in Brady Street crash



        

        
        Davenport police investigate armed robbery



        

        
        Ickes: Last look at Twin Bridges























promotion





        

        
        Riverfront Pops: The Beatles’ Greatest Hits


Riverfront Pops: The Beatles’ Greatest Hits 






















promotion





        

        
        Nonprofit Spotlight - Family Resources' Opening Doors Gala


Nonprofit Spotlight - Family Resources' Opening Doors Gala 











© 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy


























© Copyright 2017 The Quad City Times, 500 E 3rd St. Davenport, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

































 


Kramers Best - products










 
■ ORDER NOW
■ Introduction
■ What Makes it
            Different?
■ What Does It Do?
■ Other Products
■ Professional Tools 
             & Supplies
■ The Turpentine Story
■ Book of Instructions
           &  Uses
■ Q & A 
■ Letters from
             Customers
■ Letters With 
             Pictures
■ Newsletters
■ Blog 
■ Photo Album
■ Scrapbook
■ PDF Files
■ Links
■ FIND-A-DEALER
■ Pricing & Ordering
■ Contact Us
■ Dealer Info & Ordering
■ ORDER NOW



 




KRAMER'S BEST ANTIQUE IMPROVER 
             Other Kramer's 
            Bestproducts...




The Kramer's Best product you will use most often is the Kramer's Best Antique Improver. It is very versatile and will cover most of your restoration and maintenance needs.  We do, however, offer 2 other products for more specialized needs. You will not need these products as often, but when you do, they are your very best choice for the job.





Kramer's Best Blemish Clarifier, is a powerful natural cleaner. It 
              is useful and effective on wood, metal and many other materials. 
              Use it for severe  cleaning projects that go beyond 
              what the Antique Improver can do. Blemish Clarifier 
              is very effective in tackling the removal of heavy grimy surface 
              build-up and ground-in grease and oil. After becoming familiar with 
              use of the Clarifier you will know beforehand when it is 
              needed, but if you aren't sure, start with the Antique Improver. 
              If you do not see the required results, pre-cleaning with Blemish 
               Clarifier may be necessary. Use the 
              Clarifier to go deep into the wood to help flush out embedded 
              foreign materials or to help break down a thick surface buildup. 
              Multiple cleanings may be necessary on the most severe cases. The 
              Clarifier, because of its natural and compatible ingredients, 
              goes deeply into the finish and the wood, gently displacing foreign 
              materials, lifting them to the surface. Very old and severely damaged 
              pieces might take several of these sessions to complete the restoration. 
              Modern caustic cleaners may do the job quicker, but damage to the 
              finish and the wood could be tragic. The final result of working 
              slowly and surely with safe and gentle materials is worth the effort. 
              After cleaning with the Clarifier, use applications of Kramer's 
              Best Antique Improver to replace the natural oils and restore 
              the color and beauty to the piece. 





[Samples shown: The old cabinet door shown 
              above was found on the floor of a barn. Several applications of 
              Blemish Clarifier were needed to flush out years of accumulated 
              grime and dirt. Clarifier was also used on half of the wood 
              plane (right) to remove ground-in grease and dirt. The boiler lid 
              is an example of one of the product's many other uses. It does an 
              exceptional job cleaning a variety of materials. After cleaning 
              with the Clarifier, each of these pieces had wipes of Kramer's 
              Best Antique Improver. See the book of Instructions and Uses for full information.]







 
Kramer's Best Wood Food Oyl,  
        is for use on food service items, such as butcher 
        blocks, salad bowls, cutting boards, etc. � anything that 
        will be in direct contact with food.  Keeping these utensils clean 
        and safe requires regular washing with lots of hot soapy water and a scalding 
        rinse. These pieces soon dry out, lose their color and will crack 
        and split over time if left untreated.  As with other modern wood 
        care products, the formulations offered for the care of wooden food utensils 
        usually have petroleum derivatives, such as mineral oil, as their base. 
        Repeated use may leave a "gummy" build-up. Only materials natural 
        to the wood are capable of furnishing what is necessary for effective 
        care.  Food-grade oils, such as the common vegetable oils may be 
        more desirable, but may turn rancid over time.  Our Kramer's Best 
        Wood Food Oyl,  when applied occasionally as needed, reverses 
        the dryness and at the same time maintains the natural appearance and 
        condition of the piece.
Use your treenware, as it was intended, without worry. 
        If the wood seems dry, work some of the Wood Food Oyl into the wood. 
        Continue to use and care for your pieces in your normal way, reapplying 
        the Wood Food Oyl, as necessary, if you begin to see surface dryness return.
Both the Kramer's Best Blemish Clarifier and 
        Kramer's Best Wood Food Oyl are exceptional products. Not everyone 
        has a need for them, and you may not use them as often as you do the Antique 
        Improver. But keep them in mind. After you have become familiar with 
        using the Antique Improver and seen what it can do, you may find 
        ways you can also use these to great benefit.
 
Complete information and instructions 
        can be found in the 
Book of Instructions and Suggested Uses.
Remember to read and understand the instructions 
        before using and
        ALWAYS TEST FIRST!

Kramer's Best...products that do what you 
        hoped the others would do!
 




 




 







 
ORDER NOW
 




Introduction
 What Makes it Different?
 What Does It Do?
Other Products
Professional Tools & Supplies
The Turpentine Story
 Book of Instructions & Uses

 


Questions & Answers
Letters from Customers
Letters With Pictures
Newsletters
Blog 
Photo Album
Scrapbook




PDF Files
Links
FIND-A-DEALER
Pricing & Ordering
Contact Us
Dealer Info & Ordering




 
ORDER NOW
 





KRAMER PRODUCTS, INC.
              John T. Kramer, maker of Kramer's Best Antique Improver
              P.O. Box 8715, Sugar Creek, MO  64054
              816-252-9512 / Fax 816-252-9121
              E-mail:  see Contact Us
© 2003 - 2017, Kramer Products, Inc.














Parts & Service – Kevin Walker On Site Plant Services Limited














































































You Are Here: Home » Parts & Service










Search




Search





Kramer Allrad



















































































































































Products & Services
Parts & Service
New Equipment
Used Equipment
Attachments
Breaking for Spares
Wanted


Contact
Kevin Walker On Site Plant Services Limited
Beech Tree Farm
Rainton
Thirsk
North Yorkshire
YO7 3QB
Tel:  +44 (0)1845 577 832
Fax: +44 (0)1845 578 700
enquiries@kramerallrad.co.uk

Click here for larger map


Recent News


Video of NEW Kramer Fully Electric 5055e or KL25.5e Wheeled Loader


Video of New Kramer 5065 or KL25.5T Telescopic Loader


Video of New Kramer 2706 or KT276


JCB520-50 Tele-handler


Kramer Allrad 580T Telescopic Handler










Parts & ServiceKevin Walker On Site Plant Services is the LARGEST Stockist of Kramer Allrad Parts in the North of England.
Please contact us on 01845 577 832 for any parts or service enquiries … We also supply Deutz Engine parts New and used. Please call us for a quotation.
Parts can be ordered 365 days a year and if we don’t keep it in stock,we can get any part on a NEXT DAY delivery direct from the Kramer Factory if required.
 

 
NEW – We are now a Yanmar Engine and Parts Dealer!
Please contact us on 01845 577 832 to discuss your Yanmar Engine and Parts requirements …

 

 
Visit our full Used Machinery listings to check out our latest used machinery
 

 
Parts
Spare parts are an essential part of a machines life and we carry a large quantity of parts here in our stores at Rainton.

Kramer Allrad also has 97% parts availability at the factory in Pfullendorf, Germany. Due to our working relationship with Kramer Allrad we can access their main frame computer system and check parts availability. If required we can send parts direct to you as our customer or they can be collected from our premises here in Rainton. Parts that are sent from Kramer Allrad arrive here in the UK on a next day shipment (subject to parts availability). Larger and heavier parts do come via lorry and take longer. We are dispatching parts across Europe and the world. 
 
Used parts
Second hand parts are available as we do break machines. Please ring for more details on 01845 577832.
 
Service

 
As with parts the service back up is essential to the working life of a machine. We currently have three mobile fully kitted service vans and a lorry to collect and deliver machines. All of our mechanics are sent to Kramer Allrad in Germany every year for factory service training courses. We also have the back up from the Kramer Allrad’s UK based service team. There is also the knowledge from Kevin himself who has 25 years experience with the Kramer product.
 

 
Kevin Walker On Site Plant ServicesBeech Tree FarmRaintonThirskNorth YorkshireYO7 3QB
Tel: +44 (0)1845 577832Fax: +44 (0)1845 578700
enquiries@kramerallrad.co.uk
Opening Hours: 8am to 5pm Monday to Friday; 8am to 12pm Saturday
Out of Hours Emergencies: 07793 208 322 – Nigel Richardson 





Kevin Walker On Site Plant Services Limited 01845 577 832






New Equipment
New Machines Currently in Stock
New Equipment
Attachments
New Parts









Used Equipment
Used Equipment
Used Attachments
Used Parts
Breaking for Spares
Wanted









Parts & Service
Please contact us on 01845 577 832 for any parts or service enquiries. Parts can be ordered 365 days a year and if we don’t keep it in stock, we can get any part on a NEXT DAY delivery direct from the Kramer Factory if required.
































