




















 



 BioScrip Appoints Veteran Finance Executive Jeffrey M. Kreger as Chief Financial Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









BioScrip Appoints Veteran Finance Executive Jeffrey M. Kreger as Chief Financial Officer

Apr 27, 2015, 07:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   BioScrip, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







BioScrip Logo.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




BioScrip Logo.
 


 

 




 





 


ELMSFORD, N.Y., April 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- BioScrip, Inc. (NASDAQ:   BIOS) ("BioScrip"), a leading national provider of infusion and home care management solutions, today announced that Jeffrey M. Kreger will join the Company as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, effective April 27, 2015.
Kreger joins BioScrip with over 25 years of experience in financial and executive leadership roles. He most recently served as Senior Vice President of Finance with LHC Group Inc., a NASDAQ-listed post-acute healthcare services company. In that role, he led a staff of over 300 personnel spanning all aspects of finance, accounting, treasury and information technology functions. He was instrumental in the development and execution of LHC's five-year strategic plan, led all corporate financing activities, and was actively involved in corporate development, overseeing the valuation, purchase, and integration of four large acquisitions in less than 19 months.
"Jeff is a highly experienced and talented CFO with an outstanding background and leadership capabilities," said Richard M. Smith, Chief Executive Officer and President of BioScrip. "His track record demonstrates an ability to build value and drive growth for healthcare services companies, and we look forward to working with Jeff as we continue to build upon our leading position in infusion while expanding into post-acute care services."
"I am very excited to join BioScrip at this point in the Company's development," said Jeffrey Kreger. "Our focus will continue to be to provide outstanding health care services at the most appropriate point-of-care for patients, while offering cost-effective solutions for payors and customers, and enhancing BioScrip's profitability. I believe there is a tremendous opportunity at BioScrip to continue to build its infusion platform and I'm excited to be a part of the team."
Prior to joining LHC Group in 2013, Kreger served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller at Sun Healthcare Group, a NASDAQ-listed post-acute care company with over 200 health care centers across 46 states and annual revenues in 2011 exceeding $1.9 billion. He previously held senior finance roles at NYSE- and NASDAQ- listed companies including Consolidated Graphics and Philip Services Corporation. He began his career with an eight-year term in the audit practice of Ernst & Young. Kreger holds an MBA from The University of Houston, and a BBA in Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin. He is a member of the Society of Louisiana Certified Public Accountants.
Caldwell Partners acted as advisor for this placement.
About BioScrip
BioScrip, Inc. is a leading national provider of infusion and home care management solutions.  BioScrip partners with physicians, hospital systems, skilled nursing facilities, healthcare payors, and pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide patients access to post-acute care services.  BioScrip operates with a commitment to bring customer-focused pharmacy and related healthcare infusion therapy services into the home or alternate-site setting.  By collaborating with the full spectrum of healthcare professionals and the patient, BioScrip provides cost-effective care that is driven by clinical excellence, customer service, and values that promote positive outcomes and an enhanced quality of life for those it serves.  BioScrip provides its infusion and home care services from over 70 locations across 28 states.
Forward-Looking Statements – Safe Harbor 
This press release includes statements that may constitute "forward-looking statements," including projections of certain measures of the Company's results of operations, projections of certain charges and expenses, and other statements regarding the Company's goals, regulatory approvals and strategy. These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "may," "should," "could," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "outlook," "aim," "intend," "plan," "believe," "predict," "potential," "continue" or comparable terms. Because such statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties, actual future results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Important factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to risks associated with: the Company's ability to grow its Infusion Services segment organically or through acquisitions and obtain financing in connection therewith; its ability to reduce operating costs while sustaining growth; reductions in federal, state and commercial reimbursement for the Company's products and services; increased government regulation related to the health care and insurance industries; as well as the risks described in the Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. The Company does not undertake any duty to update these forward-looking statements after the date hereof, even though the Company's situation may change in the future. All of the forward-looking statements herein are qualified by these cautionary statements.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130117/NY44138LOGO 
 SOURCE  BioScrip, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.bioscrip.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 30, 2015, 16:30 ET
Preview: BioScrip To Host 2015 First Quarter Results Call













Mar 09, 2015, 09:34 ET
Preview: BioScrip Raises $62.5 million in Private Placement of Convertible Preferred Stock and Announces Plan for $20 million Rights Offering






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


     Jeffrey Kreger | BioScrip , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Jeffrey Madison Kreger - Albuquerque, NM | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey Madison Kreger in Albuquerque, NM


Jeffrey Madison Kreger

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey Madison Kreger  is  a male between 50 and 50 years old from Albuquerque, NM.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jeff A Kreger


Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey Madison Kreger is in his 50s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

Albuquerque, NM
La Fayette, LA
Pasadena, TX

Jeffrey's Relatives

April Kreger
Lara April
Reed Kreger
Cole Kreger







Jeffrey Madison Kreger



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President Corporate Controller at Sun Healthcare Group Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey Madison Kreger
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey Madison Kreger
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey Madison Kreger
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey Madison Kreger


Jeffrey Madison Kreger's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey Madison Kreger has lived as well as Jeffrey Madison Kreger's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey Madison Kreger Has Lived in 5 States
New Mexico Address for Jeffrey Madison Kreger


8300 W****** B* 

Albuquerque, NM


Has Lived In

Albuquerque, NM
La Fayette, LA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey Madison Kreger

(337) ***-**** - La Fayette, LA 
(281) ***-**** - Arvada, CO 
(505) ***-**** - Albuquerque, NM 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey Madison Kreger

j*****r@***.com
j************r@***.com
m**************r@***.com


Get Email Report




Jeffrey Madison Kreger's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jeffrey Madison Kreger's academic history.  Find out which schools Jeffrey Madison Kreger attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jeffrey Madison Kreger received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey Madison Kreger Has Attended 4 Schools
The University of Texas at Austin Jeffrey Madison Kreger has a Bba, Accounting in Accounting               
The University of Texas at Austin                              Jeffrey Madison Kreger has a Bba in Accounting               
University of Houston                                             
Madison High School               1981 – 1985                              


Jeffrey Madison Kreger's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey Madison Kreger's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey Madison Kreger has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey Madison Kreger Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Sun Healthcare Group Inc
               Title: Vice President Corporate Controller
Company: LHC Group, Inc
               Title: Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer
Jeffrey Madison Kreger's Experience
Title: Vice President Corporate Controller
               Company: Sun Healthcare Group Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Title: Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer
               Company: LHC Group, Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey Madison Kreger

 See Jeffrey Madison Kreger's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey Madison Kreger's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey Madison Kreger


Jeffrey Madison Kreger's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey Madison Kreger's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Kreger
Username Matches

                  JeffreyKreger
                  KregerJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Kreger
                  Kreger.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Kreger
                  Kreger_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Kreger
                  Kreger-Jeffrey
                  JKreger
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Kreger







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Jeffrey M. Kreger - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jeffrey M. Kreger
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at BioScrip, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Jeffrey M. Kreger? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey M. Kreger's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey M. Kreger's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey M. Kreger's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey M. Kreger through your network of contacts.
												








Jeffrey M. Kreger's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, 
BioScrip, Inc.


Past
To view Jeffrey M. Kreger's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
49

 
 


Jeffrey M. Kreger's Biography



Jeffrey M. Kreger, 49, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  Mr. Kreger joined the Company in April 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kreger served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of LHC Group, Inc. ("LHC"), a NASDAQ-listed post-acute care healthcare services company, from January 2014 to January 2015, where he managed all accounting, reporting, finance and treasury functions for the company. Mr. Kreger also served as LHC's Senior Vice President of Finance from January 2015 to April 2015, a position he also held from February 2013 to December 2013. From December 2006 to Jan ...
(Read More)

			Jeffrey M. Kreger, 49, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  Mr. Kreger joined the Company in April 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kreger served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of LHC Group, Inc. ("LHC"), a NASDAQ-listed post-acute care healthcare services company, from January 2014 to January 2015, where he managed all accounting, reporting, finance and treasury functions for the company. Mr. Kreger also served as LHC's Senior Vice President of Finance from January 2015 to April 2015, a position he also held from February 2013 to December 2013. From December 2006 to January 2013, Mr. Kreger worked as senior vice president and corporate controller for Sun Healthcare Group Inc. in Irvine, Calif. He previously held financial leadership positions with Consolidated Graphics Inc., Philip Services Corp. and American Habilitation Inc., all of Houston, as well as Sava Senior Care of Atlanta. He also worked as a financial auditor with Ernst & Young, LLP. Mr. Kreger is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, where he received a bachelor's degree in business administration with a concentration in accounting. He earned a master's degree in business administration from the University of Houston. Mr. Kreger is a certified public accountant licensed in the state of Texas.
		
Source: BioScrip, Inc. on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey M. Kreger's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jeffrey M. Kreger. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey M. Kreger's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey M. Kreger's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey M. Kreger through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jeffrey M. Kreger


















Jeffrey M. Kreger's Connections (74)





Sign up now to view Jeffrey M. Kreger's 74 connections »









Wilbert J. Tauzin
Board Member, LHC Group, Inc.









Raymond L. Thivierge
Former Chief Development Officer, Sun Healthcare Group









George A. Lewis
Board Member, LHC Group, Inc.









Ronald T. Nixon
Board Member, LHC Group, Inc.









C. Britt Jeffcoat
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, BioScrip, Inc.









Brian E. Stiver
Former Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing, BioScrip, Inc.









Joshua L. Proffitt
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, LHC Group, Inc.









L. Bryan Shaul
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sun Healthcare Group









Logan Sexton
Former President, SunBridge, Sun Healthcare Group









Christopher S. Shackelton
Board Member, Universal Technical Institute, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Jeffrey Kreger – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending April 21, 2017
Posted on April 24, 2017 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Red Hat, Inc.
Sears Holdings Corporation
The ONE Group Hospitality, Inc.


Gogo
Birch Communications, Inc
Hilco


USA Truck Inc.
Devon Energy Corp.
Marketo, Inc.


Aries Clean Energy
Dash Financial Technologies
Hyperdynamics Corporation


First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated
CampusLogic
AAR Corp.


AP Gas & Electric
Banker’s Toolbox
Pressure BioSciences, Inc.


Powin Energy Corporation
Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Growth Acceleration Partners


Q2 Holdings, Inc.
HALO Maritime Defense Systems
United Community Banks, Inc.


Green Bancorp, Inc.
HAVERTYS
BioScrip, Inc.


Onit, Inc
Royal Financial, Inc.
Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc.


VAALCO Energy, Inc.
CareDx, Inc.
Sorenson Media


Freedom Leaf, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NOTE: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Eric Shander
Red Hat, Inc. [RALEIGH, N.C.] (NYSE: RHT) announced that Eric Shander has been named the company’s executive vice president and chief financial officer. Shander most recently served as Red Hat’s acting CFO, and vice president and chief accounting officer. Shander joined Red Hat in 2015. Shander came to Red Hat with more than 25 years of business, accounting, and financial experience at global software and technology companies, including at IBM and Lenovo. At IBM, Shander held several key roles in the company’s finance and operations organizations, including serving as the company’s vice president of Americas IT infrastructure delivery from 2011-2015. Prior to that, he ran IBM’s Finance and Accounting Global Process Services division from 2008-2011. Shander rejoined IBM in 2008 from Lenovo, where he was the company’s vice president and chief accountant. At Lenovo, he led the formation of the global CFO function immediately after the company acquired IBM’s PC business in 2005. Prior to Lenovo, Shander spent nearly 15 years at IBM, where he held a variety of finance and accounting roles.
Sears Holdings Corporation [HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill.] (NASDAQ: SHLD) announced that Rob Riecker, currently Controller and Head of Capital Market Activities, has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of Sears Holdings. Mr. Riecker joined the Company in 2005 as Assistant Controller and served in various senior positions within the Company’s Finance organization. Mr. Riecker succeeds Jason Hollar, who has resigned from Sears Holdings to pursue another career opportunity.
The ONE Group Hospitality, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: STKS) announced that Samuel (Sam) Goldfinger, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), will be leaving the Company to pursue other opportunities.
Barry Rowan
Gogo [CHICAGO] (NASDAQ: GOGO) announced that Barry Rowan will join the company as an Executive Vice President and will assume the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Rowan joins Gogo from Cool Planet, where he had served as Chief Financial Officer since 2013. Prior to Cool Planet, he served as EVP, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer for Vonage Corporation. Before joining Vonage, Rowan was EVP and CFO of Nextel Partners. Rowan began his career at Hewlett-Packard and held senior leadership positions at Comlinear Corporation and Fluke Corporation.
Birch Communications, Inc. [ATLANTA] announced the appointment of Kevin Dotts as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Birch, Kevin served as Chief Financial Officer of Internap. Before Internap, Kevin was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Culligan International in Chicago and EarthLink in Atlanta.  Kevin started his career with financial leadership roles in various domestic and international divisions of GE.
Paul Feehan
Hilco Global [NORTHBROOK, Ill.] announced the appointment of Paul Feehan as Chief Financial Officer at the international financial services holding company. Mr. Feehan will be taking over this role from John Chen, who has been managing these duties in addition to his current responsibilities as Chief Operating Officer which he will continue. Feehan has built an impressive career in financial services at GE Capital since joining in 1987, most recently having served as the Chief Credit Officer for its Corporate Finance unit.
USA Truck Inc. [VAN BUREN, Ark.] (NASDAQ: USAK) announced that Jason Bates has joined its leadership team as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bates joins USA Truck from Swift Transportation Company, where he had served as Vice President of Finance, Revenue Services and Investor Relations Officer since 2010. Prior to his most recent role at Swift, Mr. Bates served as the company’s Vice President and Assistant Treasurer. Mr. Bates started at Swift in 2003 and previously served in financial leadership roles. Prior to Swift, he served in a variety of finance and accounting leadership roles for Honeywell International.
Devon Energy Corp. [OKLAHOMA CITY] (NYSE: DVN) announced that the company’s board of directors has elected Jeff Ritenour, most recently Devon’s senior vice president of corporate finance, investor relations and treasurer, to the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer. Ritenour has been with Devon since 2001 and has served in his most recent role since 2016. In his 16 years with the company, he has served in numerous leadership positions and in various financial and commercial roles, including senior vice president of investor relations and vice president of acquisitions and divestitures. Before joining Devon, Ritenour was affiliated with Ernst & Young in Dallas, Texas.
Marketo, Inc. [SAN MATEO, Calif.] announced that Mark Miller is joining the company as chief financial officer (CFO). In addition, Marketo’s current CFO Brian Kinion has decided to leave Marketo to pursue other opportunities. Miller brings with him more than 20 years of experience as a finance leader at technology companies, most recently as CFO of ACTIVE Network. Prior to ACTIVE, Miller held the position of executive vice president and CFO of LHP Hospital Group, Inc., and EVP and CFO of Sabre Holdings. During his 10 years with Sabre, he also served as the company’s controller. Miller was previously CFO and vice president of finance at GetThere, which is part of Sabre Travel Network.
Aries Clean Energy [NASHVILLE, Tenn.] announced that Mark N. Witt has joined the executive management team as Chief Financial Officer. Witt has specialized for the 10 years in helping formulate financing and growth solutions for multiple companies as founder and president of Commercial Energy Services in Houston, TX. Prior experience includes financial management positions at British Petroleum, Goldman Sachs, and KPMG.
Dash Financial Technologies [NEW YORK] announced the appointment of Ari House as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. House joins Dash from The Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (ACAMS), where he served as Chief Financial & Corporate Development Officer. Prior to that, Mr. House served as Director of Financial Planning & Analysis / Corporate Development for Fortent. He began his career in Salomon Smith Barney’s corporate finance division.
Hyperdynamics Corporation [HOUSTON] (OTCQX: HDYN) announced that Sergey Alexeev has been promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Alexeev joined Hyperdynamics in September 2016 as Vice President-Commercial Development on a consulting basis. Prior to joining Hyperdynamics last year, Mr. Alexeev was Chief Operating Officer for Soyuzneftegaz, and earlier was Chief Financial Officer and First Vice President for Rosneft. Earlier, he held executive positions with ABN AMRO Bank and Coopers & Lybrand, both in Moscow.
First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated [NEW YORK] announced that Stephen M. Johnson has joined First Capital as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Johnson joins First Capital from DRW Holdings LLC, where he served as Head of Equity Volatility Trading Asia. Prior to joining DRW, Mr. Johnson served as a Senior Portfolio Manager at Ronin Trading LLC, from February 2014 until March 2015 and at Marquette Partners L.P., between January 2012 and February 2014. From April 2007 to January 2013, Mr. Johnson served as Chief Financial Officer and Managing Partner at Hun Management LLC.
CampusLogic [PHOENIX, AZ] announced the addition of Colleen Shannon as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently she was CFO of Remarkable Health. She began her career as an auditor with Ernst & Young.
AAR Corp. [WOOD DALE, Ill.] (NYSE: AIR) announced that long-time Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman Timothy J. Romenesko will be retiring. Romenesko joined AAR in 1981 and performed various financial roles for several AAR operating units before being named Corporate Controller in 1991 and serving as CFO and Treasurer from 1994 to 2006. From 2007 to 2015, he was AAR’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Before returning to the role of CFO in 2016, Romenesko was Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of the Expeditionary Services segment.
AP Gas & Electric [HOUSTON] announced that John Williamson has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining APG&E, Williamson spent 10 years at Direct Energy in various roles including CFO of Direct Energy Residential, CFO of Direct Energy Business, and Group Head of Accounting and Reporting in London.
Banker’s Toolbox, Inc. [AUSTIN, Texas] announced the appointment of Ashley Womack as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Ms. Womack served as a Senior Director in the Private Equity Performance Improvement group at Alvarez & Marsal.
Pressure BioSciences, Inc. [SOUTH EASTON, MA] (OTCQB: PBIO) announced that Joseph L. Damasio Jr. joined the Company as its Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Damasio has over 20 years of experience, most recently as Finance Director at Nelipak Packaging. Before joining Nelipak, Mr. Damasio held various financial positions at CP Bourg, IQE KC, and Kopin Corporation. Prior to Kopin, Mr. Damasio was employed by Pressure BioSciences, Inc., first as Accounting Manager (2007), then as Controller (2008), and finally as Vice President of Finance and Administration (2011). Prior to joining PBI, Mr. Damasio was a senior accountant at BearingPoint, Inc. (formerly KPMG Consulting) and an auditor at PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLP. Mr. Damasio began his financial career with NEN Life Science Products Inc.
Powin Energy Corporation [TUALATIN, OR] (OTCQB: PWON) announced that Craig Eastwood is the newest members of the company’s executive leadership team. Eastwood joined the company in March 2017 and is directing all fiscal functions for the company as chief financial officer. Most recently, Eastwood was the corporate controller at Erickson. He has also held senior financial leadership positions with ESCO, Daimler Trucks, and Pharmaceutical Product Development. He started his career in public accounting with Deloitte.
Gary G. Gemignani
Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. [NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: SGYP) announced that Gary G. Gemignani has been appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Gemignani replaces Senior Vice President, Finance, Bernard Denoyer. Most recently Mr. Gemignani served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Biodel, Inc. Prior to this role, Mr. Gemignani served in senior and executive financial and operational roles with multiple public and private companies including Coronado Biosciences, Inc., Gentium S.p.A., Novartis Pharmaceutical Corp. and Wyeth. Mr. Gemignani began his career with Arthur Andersen.
Michelle Schwalbach
Growth Acceleration Partners [AUSTIN, TX] has promoted Michelle Schwalbach to Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Growth Acceleration Partners, Michelle was the Controller for Digby, Pinion Software and HotData.
Lynn Atchison
Q2 Holdings, Inc. [AUSTIN, Texas] (NYSE: QTWO) announced the addition of Lynn Atchison, CFO of Spredfast, Inc., to its board of directors. Atchison currently serves as chief financial officer of Spredfast, Inc., which she joined in February 2017. Prior to Spredfast, Atchison served as the chief financial officer of HomeAway, Inc., from August 2006 until March 2016.
HALO Maritime Defense Systems [NEWTON, N.H.] announced that David Tolly has joined as Chief Financial Officer. David Tolly is coming to HALO from Corporate Solutions Group, Inc., where, as CEO, he held leadership roles including CFO, interim CFO, and interim CEO for numerous private equity portfolio companies, as well as provided a wide range of financial advisory and transaction services. Prior to Corporate Solutions Group, Inc., Tolly was COO and managing director at Focus Management Group. Prior to Focus, Tolly was Chief Operating Officer of Fabricated Products Group, and was the CFO for Diam International.
United Community Banks, Inc. [BLAIRSVILLE, Ga.] (NASDAQ: UCBI) announced the appointment of Jefferson L. Harralson as executive vice president and chief financial officer of both the parent company and its banking subsidiary, United Community Bank. He replaces Rex Schuette, who has served in the role of chief financial officer for the past 16 years. Harralson joins United from Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, where he was a managing director. He joined KBW as vice president in 2002, and was charged with rebuilding the firm’s Southeastern Bank Research effort after the events of September 11, 2001.
Green Bancorp, Inc. [Houston, Texas] appointed Terry Earley as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Green Bancorp. Mr. Earley served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Yadkin Financial Corporation (“Yadkin”), from July 2014 until the closing of Yadkin’s merger with F.N.B. Corporation in March 2017. Prior to his employment with Yadkin, Mr. Earley served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VantageSouth Bancshares, Inc. and VantageSouth Bank beginning in February 2012 and March 2012, respectively, each located in Raleigh, North Carolina. Prior to that, Mr. Earley served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Rocky Mountain Bank and Rocky Mountain Capital, located in Jackson, Wyoming, in 2010, and as Chief Financial Officer of Bancorp of the Southeast, LLC, located in Ponte Vedra, Florida, in 2009.  Mr. Earley also served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of RBC Bank (USA), which he joined in 1992.
HAVERTYS [ATLANTA, GEORGIA] (NYSE: HVT and HVT.A) announced that Richard B. Hare will join the Company as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Havertys, Hare was senior vice president, finance, treasurer and chief financial officer of Carmike Cinemas, Inc. from March 2006 until it was acquired in December 2016. His previous experience includes serving as chief accounting officer and controller for Greenfuels Holding Company, LLC, from August 2002 to March 2006 and as assistant treasurer for SCI Systems, Inc., from October 2000 to June 2002. Hare also served as treasurer and assistant treasurer for Wolverine Tube, Inc., from January 1994 to October 2000. Before that he spent four years in the audit practice at Coopers & Lybrand in Birmingham, Alabama.
BioScrip, Inc. [DENVER] (NASDAQ: BIOS) announced the appointment of Stephen M. Deitsch to the positions of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Deitsch succeeds Jeffrey Kreger, who stepped down from his roles as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Deitsch joins BioScrip with extensive strategic and operational financial leadership experience, including over twelve years in the healthcare industry at Zimmer Biomet, Biomet and Lanx. Mr. Deitsch served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Zimmer Biomet Spine, Bone Healing, and Microfixation business and as Vice President Finance, Biomet Corporate Controller. Mr. Deitsch was the Chief Financial Officer of Lanx from September 2009. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Deitsch also served in various senior financial leadership roles at Zimmer Holdings, Inc., including Vice President Finance, Reconstructive and Operations, and Vice President Finance, Europe. Most recently, since August of 2015, Mr. Deitsch has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of Coalfire, Inc.
Onit, Inc. [HOUSTON] announced that it appointed York Richards as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). York was most recently serving as CFO at Riversand Technologies, Inc. York managed the development and execution of the Sarbanes-Oxley compliance program for BMC Software. During his career, he held a number of senior financial positions and served as director of finance of NetIQ Corporation, controller at PentaSafe Security Technologies and senior auditor of Price Waterhouse Coopers.
Royal Financial, Inc. [CHICAGO] (OTCQX: RYFL) announced that William M. Morfoot was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Bank. From July 2014 to April 2017, Mr. Morfoot served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Standard Bank and Trust Company in Hickory Hills, IL. From 2010 to 2014, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Treasurer of Urban Partnership Bank in Chicago, IL. Previously, from 2007 to 2010, Mr. Morfoot served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ShoreBank in Chicago, IL. Prior to joining ShoreBank, he was an Executive at Crowe Horwath, LLP (“Crowe”).
Christopher C. Diaz
Meridian Waste Solutions, Inc. [MILTON, GA] (NASDAQ: MRDN) named Christopher C. Diaz CFO. Mr. Diaz has nine years of waste industry experience most recently serving as corporate controller for Advanced Disposal Services, Inc. He has also held financial reporting and auditing positions with CSX Transportation and Skinner Nurseries, Inc. Mr. Diaz began his career as an auditor with the national accounting firm McGladrey & Pullen, LLP.
VAALCO Energy, Inc. [HOUSTON] (NYSE: EGY) announced the appointment of Phil Patman, Jr. as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining VAALCO, from 2012 to 2016, Mr. Patman served as Senior Vice President of Business Development, The Americas, for Thailand’s National Oil Company PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP). Mr. Patman also served as Managing Director, Mergers & Acquisitions (Asia) for The AES Corporation from 2010 to 2011. He also served as Principal, Global Infrastructure, for Darby Private Equity, from 2007 to 2010.  Before that, Mr. Patman was Director, Business Development-Asia, for Globeleq Ltd. from 2004 to 2007.  He also served as a Professional Consultant, LNG and Natural Gas, for Marathon Oil from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Patman began his career as a lawyer in private practice in Houston, from 1993 to 1997.
CareDx, Inc. [BRISBANE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: CDNA) announced the appointment of Michael Bell as Chief Financial Officer joining CareDx, and succeeding Charles Constanti. Michael is the former CFO of Metabiota. Previously, he served as the CFO of Singulex, and has held leadership and executive positions within Novartis, including tenure as the CFO of Novartis Diagnostics. Previously, Michael worked in public accounting at Ernst & Young and Deloitte.
Sorenson Media [SALT LAKE CITY, UT] announced Greg Woodward as Chief Financial Officer. Woodward previously served as CFO and COO at Pluralsight. Prior to Pluralsight, Woodward served as CFO of PermaPlate and as SVP in the Portfolio Group of Huntsman Gay Global Capital.
Freedom Leaf, Inc. [LAS VEGAS, NV] (OTC PINK: FRLF) announced Charles Grigsby as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Grigsby joins Freedom Leaf from a successful 28 year career in Charles Grigsby & Co CPA’s and Grigsby Forensics & Valuation.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending May 1, 2015
Posted on May 4, 2015 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



UPS
The Madison Square Garden Company
Flowserve Corporation 


Demand Media, Inc. 
The Fresh Market, Inc. 
BioScrip, Inc. 


Lee Enterprises 
DEQ Systems Corp. 
Qumu Corporation 


VeriSilicon Holdings Co., Ltd. 
GrafTech International Ltd. 
ITT Educational Services, Inc. 


First American Equipment Finance
Apollo Education Group, Inc. 
Aspen Technology, Inc. 


Nexus Medical 
Innovative Blood Resources 
Everspin Technologies, Inc


Sonneborn, LLC
Orchid Medical
RMG Networks


2nd Watch
Medytox Solutions, Inc. 
Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. 


Amphenol Corporation 
BSH Home Appliances Corporation 
Campus Crest Communities, Inc. 


Lumber Liquidators 
Bottomline Technologies 
SynGen Inc. 



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
UPS® (NYSE: UPS) announced Richard Peretz has been named Chief Financial Officer, replacing Kurt Kuehn, who has elected to retire after 38 years with the company. Kuehn will continue his existing duties while ensuring a smooth transition of responsibilities to Peretz. The appointment of Peretz is effective July 1, 2015. Peretz is currently UPS Corporate Controller and Treasurer. He has served in several operational and corporate leadership positions within the Finance staff since joining the company in 1981. Peretz was named International Chief Financial Officer in 2003, and promoted to Corporate Finance Vice President in 2007 where he oversaw a broad range of finance staff areas. He was named Corporate Controller in 2013, and expanded his role to included Corporate Treasurer in 2014.
The Madison Square Garden Company (NASDAQ: MSG) announced that Sean Creamer will resign as chief financial officer, effective May 4.  The company will commence a search for a successor and has named Donna Coleman interim chief financial officer.  She will begin immediately following Mr. Creamer’s departure. Ms. Coleman worked for more than 15 years at Cablevision, where she recently retired as EVP of corporate financial planning and control.
Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) announced that Karyn F. Ovelmen will join Flowserve as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective June 1, 2015. Ovelmen will join Flowserve from LyondellBasell Industries N.V., where she has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2011. Prior to LyondellBasell, Ovelmen served as Chief Financial Officer at both Petroplus Holdings AG, and Argus Atlantic Energy, the predecessor company to Petroplus. Ovelmen began her corporate career at Premcor, Inc., following 12 years in public accounting with PriceWaterhouseCoopers. 
Demand Media, Inc. (NYSE: DMD) announced that Rachel Glaser has joined its executive team as Chief Financial Officer. Glaser most recently served as CFO at Move, Inc, parent of Realtor.com. Prior to Move, she was Chief Operating and Financial Officer at MyLife.com. Before joining MyLife, Glaser was Senior Vice President, Finance at Yahoo! and spent many years at The Walt Disney Company in various finance, operations and technology roles.
The Fresh Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: TFM) announced that its Board of Directors has elected Robert K. Shearer, formerly Chief Financial Officer of V.F. Corporation (NYSE: VFC) and currently a director of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE: CHD), as an independent director. 
BioScrip, Inc. (NASDAQ: BIOS) announced that Jeffrey M. Kreger joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Kreger most recently served as Senior Vice President of Finance with LHC Group Inc. Prior to joining LHC Group in 2013, Kreger served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller at Sun Healthcare Group. He previously held senior finance roles at companies including Consolidated Graphics and Philip Services Corporation. He began his career with an eight-year term in the audit practice of Ernst & Young.
Lee Enterprises (NYSE: LEE) selected Ronald A. Mayo as vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer. Mayo will succeed Carl G. Schmidt, who announced in January his plans to retire later this spring. Mayo’s career includes 19 years with MediaNews Group, including 12 years as vice president and chief financial officer. Most recently, he was chief financial officer of Halifax Media Group until its acquisition by New Media Investment Group, Inc. in January of this year.
DEQ Systems Corp. (TSX-V: DEQ) has named Christopher Benak as its new Chief Financial Officer. Before joining DEQ, Mr. Benak served as VP Corporate Accounting & Assistant Treasurer at Tropicana Entertainment Inc. in Las Vegas, Nevada, since 2009. Prior to joining Tropicana, Mr. Benak held various and diversified roles within a variety of organizations and industries, including: Director of Client Service at Resources Global Professionals; Director of SEC Compliance and Director of External Reporting at Shuffle Master, Inc.; Internal Audit Manager – Enterprise Risk Services and Senior Auditor – Audit Enterprise Risk Services at Deloitte & Touche, LLP; and financial and casino controller positions at various casinos in Las Vegas, Nevada. Martin Audet will step down as Vice President Finance on May 22, 2015, to pursue another career opportunity.
Qumu Corporation (NASDAQ: QUMU) announced the appointment of Peter J. Goepfrich as Chief Financial Officer, effective May 18, 2015. He replaces James Stewart who is retiring from Qumu effective September 30, 2015. Mr. Goepfrich was most recently Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Deluxe Corporation, Small Business Services, which he joined in 2014. Prior to joining Deluxe, Mr. Goepfrich was Chief Financial Officer of API Healthcare Corporation. He held this position for two years until the company was sold to General Electric in 2014. Before API, Mr. Goepfrich spent eight years in increasingly responsible financial positions, including Chief Financial Officer, at Vital Images, purchased by Toshiba in 2011. He joined PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC in 1997, where he spent seven years primarily auditing technology companies.
VeriSilicon Holdings Co., Ltd. announced the appointment of Robert (Bob) Brown as Chief Financial Officer. Brown replaces Shannon Gao, who has resigned for personal reasons. Mr. Brown joins VeriSilicon after serving most recently as Vice President, Business Development at Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Prior to that Mr. Brown served as Vice President and Treasurer at LSI Corporation, formerly LSI Logic. He was with the company for 13 years. Earlier in his career, he served as Vice President, Financial Planning and Treasurer of GetThere, which had a successful IPO on NASDAQ in 1999 and was later acquired by Sabre. Mr. Brown held various financial positions at Hewlett-Packard after starting his career in corporate banking for Security Pacific National Bank (now Bank of America).
GrafTech International Ltd. (NYSE: GTI) announced that Quinn Coburn, GrafTech’s Vice President of Finance and Treasurer, will assume the additional role of Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective May 15, 2015. Mr. Coburn’s appointment follows Erick R. Asmussen’s decision to accept a Chief Financial Officer role at another company. Quinn Coburn has served as GrafTech’s Vice President of Finance and Treasurer since September 2013. Prior to this role, he served as Vice President and Treasurer of GrafTech beginning in August 2010. From December 2002 to August 2010, Mr. Coburn served as Vice President and Treasurer of NCR Corporation.
Educational Services, Inc. (NYSE: ESI) announced that Daniel M. Fitzpatrick notified the Company of his plan to retire from his positions of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  Mr. Fitzpatrick has served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer since 2005.
First American Equipment Finance announced that Joseph P. Guage has joined the business as Chief Financial Officer. Guage joins First American from Discover Financial Services where he served as Vice President of Finance for Discover’s Student Lending business and Chief of Staff to the President of that business. Prior to that, he held various roles in increasing responsibilities at The Student Loan Corporation. For almost five years, he served as VP, Assistant Controller; SVP, Chief Accounting Officer; and Chief Financial Officer. He also worked at Eastman Kodak, Bausch + Lomb, EDS Group, and Union Bank of Switzerland.
Apollo Education Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: APOL) announced that Brian Swartz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has resigned from his position with the company. Joseph D’Amico has been appointed to serve as interim CFO effective upon Mr. Swartz’s departure.
Aspen Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: AZPN) announced the retirement of Mark Sullivan, the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective September 30, 2015.
Nexus Medical welcomes Marchell Gebhardt as Chief Financial Officer.  Marchell started with Nexus in March of this year.  Marchell worked ten years with DPT Laboratories, where she held various management positions in accounting.  In 2009, she was promoted to Controller and Director of Finance. Marchell then joined OCI Energy in 2013 as Corporate Controller.
Innovative Blood Resources announced the addition of Jeffrey D. Allen in the new, combined role of Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
Everspin Technologies, Inc. announced the appointment of Jeff Winzeler as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Winzeler joins Everspin from Avnera where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Avnera he served as CFO at public companies including Rackwise Inc., Solar Power, Inc., and International Display Works. Winzeler also spent 17 years with Intel Corporation, most recently as Controller of Intel’s Flash memory division, and previously managed financial operations for many of the company’s wafer fabrication and assembly-test operations in Arizona, New Mexico, Israel, Malaysia, and Folsom.
Sonneborn, LLC announced the appointment of Gregg Kam as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kam previously served as CFO of International Specialty Products and The Newark Group. Gregg Kam spent 14 years at National Starch & Chemical Company where he held several significant positions, including CFO for the US Adhesives business, CFO for the Latin American division, CFO for a graphite lubricant and electronic materials business (Acheson Industries) and finally, CFO of the Specialty Polymers Group. 
Orchid Medical announced that Amanda Gonzalez has been hired as Chief Financial Officer. Gonzalez was the founding Partner of AM Business Solutions.
RMG Networks (NASDAQ: RMGN) announced that Jana Ahlfinger Bell has been appointed as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the company. Most recently, Ms. Bell served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for EF Johnson Technologies, Inc. Prior to EF Johnson, Ms. Bell served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Simple Products, Inc. Prior to that, she served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director for @Track Communications, Inc. Prior to @Track Communications, Ms. Bell held finance and operations management roles of increasing responsibility with AT&T Wireless Services. Ms. Bell started her career in audit services with Ernst & Young LLP.
2nd Watch announced the appointment of Scott Parrish as the company’s CFO. Parrish was most recently CFO of Azaleos Corporation.
Medytox Solutions, Inc. (OTC: MMMS) announced that Jeffrey L. Wadman has assumed the position of interim chief financial officer. Mr. Wadman was previously the corporate controller for Medytox Solutions. Mr. Wadman is assuming the role of interim chief financial officer from Jace Simmons, former chief financial officer of Medytox Solutions, Inc.. Prior to joining Medytox in 2014, from 2008, Wadman was the Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Oxbow Carbon LLC. From 2005 to 2008, he was the Vice President of Accounting and Global Controller of Stieffel Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Wadman served with Eli Lilly & Company for 16 years (1989 to 2005) in increasingly responsible positions, including as Chief Executive Officer of the Eli Lilly Federal Credit Union.
Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: SRNE) announced the appointment of Mark W. Durand as Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Durand was most recently an independent strategic consultant for emerging pharmaceutical firms.  Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Finance and Business Development for Watson Pharmaceuticals (now Actavis).  Prior to that, he was Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance and Business Development for Teva Americas.  Mr. Durand spent the first 18 years of his career at Bristol-Myers Squibb in various management roles.  Prior to accepting this role, Mr. Durand served on the Board of Directors of Sorrento, and was Chair of the Audit Committee as well as a member of the Compensation Committee.
Amphenol Corporation (NYSE: APH) announced that Craig A. Lampo has been designated to succeed in an orderly transition to the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Lampo has been with the Company for over 10 years as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining Amphenol, he spent 11 years at Arthur Andersen LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. The Company’s current Chief Financial Officer, Diana G. Reardon, will assist in the transition which will be completed over the next several months. After transitioning from the Chief Financial Officer role, Ms. Reardon will continue with the Company as a senior advisor.
BSH Home Appliances Corporation announced the appointment of Kai Schrickel as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Schrickel began his career at BSH 21 years ago in the finance division in Munich. He quickly became the Head of Finance during the internationalization of BSH, overseeing mergers and acquisitions.
Campus Crest Communities, Inc. (NYSE: CCG) announced the appointment of John Makuch as interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Makuch serves as Managing Directors at Alvarez & Marsal. Scott Rochon, who previously acted as interim Chief Financial Officer, will continue to serve as Chief Accounting Officer. During the past 22 years, Mr. Makuch has assisted firms execute financial and operational performance improvement initiatives and has served as an interim officer of his clients, including roles as a CEO, COO, CFO, CRO, Controller and Treasurer. Mr. Makuch recently served as the Chief Restructuring Officer for a national developer and builder of multi-family housing and student housing projects.
Lumber Liquidators (NYSE: LL) announced that the Company and Daniel E. Terrell have agreed that Mr. Terrell’s role as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer will terminate effective June 1, 2015. Mr. Terrell has been the Company’s Chief Financial Officer since October 2006 and prior to assuming that position, he served as Controller from November 2004. The Company has appointed Gregory A. Whirley, Jr. as Senior Vice President, Finance and he will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer beginning on June 1, 2015. Mr. Whirley has spent the last thirteen years at Ernst & Young LLP (EY) where he most recently served as Senior Manager – National Professional Practice.
Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ: EPAY) announced that Rick Booth was named Chief Financial Officer. Booth joins Bottomline from Sapient where he was second in command to the CFO. Previously, he held a number of senior finance positions at Nuance Communications. While at Nuance, Rick held several leadership roles including CFO of the healthcare division. Prior to Nuance, Rick held financial and strategic roles at EMC Corporation, Mercer Management Consulting, and Coopers & Lybrand.
SynGen Inc. announced that Chuck Novak has joined as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Chuck was most recently CFO at ConQuip. Chuck’s background includes over 40 years of financial, administrative and operational management experience with both small and large corporations, including positions of increasing authority during 16 years with Hewlett Packard.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending November 8, 2013
Posted on November 11, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Amtrak
IBM 
Humana Inc. 


Armstrong World Industries, Inc.
Tofutti Brands Inc.
GSE Holding, Inc.


International Market Centers, L.P.
Approach Resources Inc. 
Aricent


Workmen’s Auto Insurance Company
Voxware
Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. 


A.P. Pharma, Inc.
Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc.
PolyOne Corporation 


ACE Cash Express, Inc. 
Trimble 
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. 


Xirrus
TransMedics, Inc. 
Mettler-Toledo International Inc.


LHC Group, Inc. 
Core Molding Technologies, Inc. 
TPG Specialty Lending, Inc.


Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.
Wynn Resorts, Limited 
Exa Corporation


Ambient Corporation 
II-VI Incorporated 
Infor


CodeSmart Holdings, Inc. 
First Busey Corporation 
DTE Energy 


VIVUS, Inc. 
Responsys, Inc. 
MasTec, Inc. 


Fifth Third Bancorp 
QEP Midstream Partners GP, LLC 
LMI Aerospace, Inc.


Black Diamond, Inc. 
Remark Media, Inc.
Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. 


BBCN Bancorp, Inc. 
AirSage
McCloud Services



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Amtrak named Gerald Sokol, Jr., as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective Dec. 3. Since mid-2011, Sokol served as President and CEO of Vertis Corporation, and he was Vertis’ Chief Financial Officer during 2010. His prior work experience encompassed several leadership roles at AOL including: Executive Vice President AOL Access Finance, Operations and Strategy (2004-2009); Executive Vice President, AOL International Finance and Operations (2002-2004); and Senior Vice President AOL International Finance and Operations (1999-2002). He also spent three years (1997-1999) at NTN Communications, Inc., as CFO, then as President and CEO as well as Acting Chairman of the Board. He also spent several years at Tele-Communications, Inc. (1987-1996), in various positions including his final position as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer.
International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) announced that Mark Loughridge, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Finance and Enterprise Transformation, will retire at the end of 2013. Loughridge joined IBM in 1977 as a development engineer, and has held various management positions in finance, strategic planning, and engineering.  Loughridge was named IBM’s CFO in 2004, and has the longest tenure of any IBM CFO in its 102-year history. Martin J. Schroeter will succeed Loughridge, effective January 1, 2014.  Schroeter is currently General Manager, IBM Global Financing, and served as IBM Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. He previously held a number of business and financial leadership positions including several roles in Asia Pacific.
Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) announced that Steven E. McCulley, currently Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer, has been elected by the company’s Board of Directors as Interim Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2014. As previously announced, James H. Bloem, currently Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer will retire from that position December 31, 2013. Effective with this transition, McCulley will assume all the responsibilities currently held by Bloem until a Chief Financial Officer has been elected. Bloem was also elected as Advisor to the Office of Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2014.
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (NYSE: AWI) announced that Thomas Mangas has been appointed Chief Executive Officer upon the retirement of the current CEO, Frank Ready. Mr. Mangas has served as chief financial officer of Armstrong since February 2010, leading Finance as well as Information Technology, Global Business Services and Process Improvement. David Schulz succeeds Mr. Mangas as CFO. Mr. Schulz most recently served as vice president, Finance of Armstrong Building Products. He joined Armstrong in June 2011 after spending 14 years with Procter & Gamble and the J.M. Smucker Company in a wide range of finance leadership positions.
Toffuti Brands Inc. (NYSE: TOF) elected Joseph N. Himy to serve as a member of the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders and was appointed to the Audit Committee. Mr. Himy has been Managing Director of The CFO Squad, a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced CFO advisory and regulatory consulting services primarily for public companies, since August 2011.  From May 2008 until August 2011, Mr. Himy was Chief Financial Officer of Vyteris, Inc..  Prior to May 2008 and from October 2004, Mr. Himy held various other positions at Vyteris, including Corporate Controller and VP of Finance.
GSE Holding, Inc. (NYSE: GSE) announced that Daniel Storey has been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for GSE.  Mr. Storey had served as Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of GSE since May of this year.  Prior to joining GSE, Mr. Storey served in numerous senior management positions within Hewlett Packard’s global accounting network.  Mr. Storey will replace Michael Kirksey who has accepted a new position with another company and will resign from GSE.  
International Market Centers, L.P. announced that William F. Lacey has joined the company as chief financial officer (CFO). Most recently, Lacey was an executive vice president/CFO for GSE. Prior to that, he held the position of senior vice president/CFO for Animal Health. He also held senior financial positions with Rawlings, a sporting goods manufacturing and distribution company. Lacey assumes the role of CFO at IMC, formerly held by Kathy Venezia, who has been with International Market Centers since the company’s inception in May 2011. Venezia will stay with IMC through the end of the year to assist with Lacey’s transition.
Approach Resources Inc. (NASDAQ: AREX)  announced that Sergei Krylov, Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, has been named to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Krylov will assume the position from Steven P. Smart, who has been with the Company since its inception in 2002, and Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Mr. Smart announced his intention to retire from the Company effective December 31, 2013. Mr. Krylov, 36, brings over 13 years of oil and gas industry finance experience from J.P. Morgan’s Energy Investment Banking group. Mr. Krylov’s employment with the Company will begin upon his satisfaction of certain conditions of his prior employment, which is expected to be on or before January 2, 2014.
Aricent announced the appointment of Ilya Cantor as its new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Cantor will join the company on November 15th. Cantor replaces former CFO Mick Lopez, who will leave the company after helping with the transition. Cantor’s most recent position was at EPAM Systems, Inc., where he was CFO, a role he held since 2006. Prior to EPAM, Cantor spent seven years in a variety of financial and operational positions at Dow Jones, starting as the Group Finance Director of WSJ International (1999 to 2003) before becoming CFO of the Wall Street Journal (2003 to 2006). In his final position at Dow Jones, he served as Executive Director of Operations of the Wall Street Journal. Before joining Dow Jones in 1999, Cantor was the CFO of Independent Media (now Independent Media – Sanoma), a leading publishing house based in Moscow, Russia, and also worked as an Audit Manager with Coopers & Lybrand (now PriceWaterhouseCoopers) in Moscow.
Workmen’s Auto Insurance Company named Denise M. Tyson to be its President. Ms. Tyson joined Workmen’s in 2004 as Executive Vice President and CFO. Ms. Tyson spent the first 13 years of her insurance career in Public Accounting at KPMG and continued at PwC as an auditor and consultant. In 2000, she left Public Accounting and since then has worked in executive level positions for several insurance companies. Ms. Tyson was a Los Angeles Business Journal “CFO of the Year” Nominee in 2013 and 2009.
Voxware announced that Roger Maloch has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Voxware, Roger served as CFO for technology organizations ranging in size from startups to $1.5 billion in revenue. His recent CFO experience includes Aderant Holdings and Fidelity Information Services.
Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (NYSE: WDR) announced that Daniel P. Connealy, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire from the position of Chief Financial Officer upon the filing of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Mr. Connealy intends to continue his employment with the company in a non-executive role through June 2014 to assist in the transition of his responsibilities. Mr. Connealy joined the company in 2004. The Board intends to appoint Brent K. Bloss to succeed Mr. Connealy as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bloss is currently Senior Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer and has served in various finance and accounting roles since joining the company in 2002. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Bloss served as Senior Audit Manager with KPMG LLP. 
A.P. Pharma, Inc. (OTC: APPA.OB) announced the appointment of Brian Drazba as vice president of finance and chief financial officer. Most recently, he was vice president of finance and chief accounting officer for ISTA Pharmaceuticals Inc. From 1992 to 2006, Mr. Drazba held positions of increasing responsibility within Insight Health Corp. (American Health Services Corp.), including senior vice president and chief accounting officer. Prior to his tenure at Insight Health, Mr. Drazba was employed by Arthur Andersen & Co.
Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc. announced that it has promoted Dan Puckett to Chief Financial Officer. Dan Puckett joined Ariosa in September 2011 as Vice President of Finance and Administration.
PolyOne Corporation (NYSE: POL) announced that it has hired Bradley C. Richardson as executive vice president and chief financial officer. For the past four years, Mr. Richardson served as executive vice president and CFO of Diebold, Incorporated.  Prior to Diebold, he served as executive vice president and CFO of Modine Manufacturing Company.  Mr. Richardson began his career at Amoco Corporation, where he ascended in roles of increasing responsibility over a 21-year period, including leadership assignments throughout North America, as well as in Caracas, Venezuela and London, U.K. Mr. Richardson currently serves on the Board of Directors for Brady Corporation and is chair of the audit committee. Mr. Richardson succeeds Richard J. Diemer, Jr., who is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.  
ACE Cash Express, Inc. announced that Susan S. Pressler has been promoted to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Pressler joined ACE in 1996 and, during her tenure, has served in various finance roles including Controller and, most recently, Vice President of Financial Reporting and Internal Audit.
Trimble (NASDAQ: TRMB) announced the appointment of Francois Delepine as its chief financial officer. Delepine joins Trimble from VMware where he is chief financial officer, global business units. Prior to his current role at VMware he served as vice president of finance. Before joining VMware he held senior operating and financial roles at a variety of technology companies including Palm, Google, Hyperion and Apple. Julie Shepard is stepping down from her role as interim CFO. Shepard will return to her role as vice president of finance and chief accounting officer upon Delepine’s start date in early January.
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. (OTC: SBOTF) announced the appointment of Kathi Niffenegger as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Niffenegger began working with Stellar in 1999, as outside CPA. She became Controller for Stellar Biotechnologies in 2012 and assumed the role of Corporate Secretary earlier this year.  Ms. Niffenegger was previously technical partner in the audit division of Glenn Burdette CPAs, obtained CFO experience at Martin Aviation and began her career at Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Co. (now KPMG LLP).
Xirrus announced the appointment of George Frie as chief revenue officer (CRO). Frie was most recently chief financial officer at Aerohive Networks. Frie previously held leadership positions NetScreen Technologies. Following a successful IPO, NetScreen Technologies was acquired by Juniper Networks. He later served as chief financial officer and vice president, Asia-Pacific, at Solid Information Technologies which was acquired by IBM.
TransMedics, Inc. announced that Jeffrey E. Young was appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Young served in a number of senior executive roles at Lantheus Medical Imaging, including Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2013. Prior to his time with Lantheus, Mr. Young spent three years at Critical Therapeutics, Inc., where he was Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to 2005, he served in a number of roles at PerkinElmer, Inc. Mr. Young’s prior positions included roles within the Capital Markets Group and Transaction Services Group of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1996 to 2002.
Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (NYSE: MTD) announced that effective January 3, 2014, William Donnelly will be promoted from Chief Financial Officer to the position of Executive Vice President. Shawn Vadala will be promoted from Group Controller and Global Head of Finance & Control to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Donnelly will serve as the company’s principal financial officer, and Mr. Vadala will serve as the company’s principal accounting officer. Messrs. Donnelly and Vadala both joined the company in 1997, with Mr. Donnelly joining as Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Vadala assuming the role of Group Controller in 1998.
LHC Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: LHCG) announced that Peter J. Roman notified the company of his decision to retire as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, effective end of the business day on December 31, 2013. The company appointed Jeffrey M. Kreger as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, effective January 1, 2014 upon the retirement of Mr. Roman.  Mr. Kreger has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President of Finance since February 2013 and was previously Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller for Sun Healthcare Group, Inc. where he was employed from 2006 until joining LHC Group.
Core Molding Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: CMT) announced that John P. Zimmer has been appointed Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Core, Mr. Zimmer was Chief Financial Officer of Parex Group USA, Inc. a division of Parex Group. Zimmer also previously served as Chief Financial Officer of The Upper Deck Company, LLC, Vice President Finance for Cardinal Health Pyxis Products, and held senior management roles with SubmitOrder, Inc., Cardinal Health and Deloitte & Touche.
TPG Specialty Lending, Inc. announced the appointment of Alan Kirshenbaum as Chief Financial Officer, replacing John E. Viola. Prior to being named Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Kirshenbaum was a Vice President of the Company since 2011. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Kirshenbaum was Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of TPG Special Situations Partners (“TSSP”). From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Kirshenbaum was the Chief Financial Officer of Natsource, a private investment firm. Mr. Kirshenbaum was a Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of MainStay Investments from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Kirshenbaum joined Bear Stearns Asset Management (“BSAM”) in 1999 and was BSAM’s Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2006.
Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: FPRX) appointed Marc Belsky to the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to the appointment, Mr. Belsky served as Vice President, Finance.
Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ: WYNN) announced that Matt Maddox, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will assume the additional duties of President of Wynn Resorts. Mr. Maddox joined the Company in 2002 and previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Wynn Resorts, Macau, as well as Senior Vice President of Business Development. Mr. Maddox also serves as an officer on several of the Company’s subsidiaries.
Exa Corporation (NASDAQ: EXA) announced that Edmond L. Furlong, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, intends to resign his employment effective as of March 31, 2014. Stephen P. Sarno, our Vice President Finance and Chief Accounting Officer, has been appointed to serve as Acting Chief Financial Officer upon the effectiveness of Mr. Furlong’s resignation.
Ambient Corporation (NASDAQ: AMBT) announced the resignation of Stacey Fitzgerald as Chief Financial Officer. John J. Joyce, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, will assume the duties of principal financial and accounting officer on an interim basis while the Company initiates the search for a successor Chief Financial Officer.
II-VI Incorporated (NASDAQ: IIVI) announced that Craig A. Creaturo, chief financial officer, has tendered his resignation in order to pursue other interests. Mr. Creaturo will remain in his current capacity until a successor is appointed, and he will continue to assist the Company as an employee through February 28, 2014. After this date, Mr. Creaturo will serve as an advisor to the Company for an additional six months to ensure a smooth transition. The Company has initiated a formal search for a new chief financial officer.
Infor announced it has named Nicole Anasenes as chief financial officer. Anasenes most recently served as VP and chief financial officer of IBM’s Software Middleware Group business unit. She also served as VP and chief financial officer of IBM’s Cloud business unit, and as director of Emerging Markets for IBM’s Global Technology Services organization.
CodeSmart Holdings, Inc. (OTC: ITEN) appointed Diego E. Roca as its interim Chief Financial Officer. From 1995 until 2004, he worked with Digitec 2000, Inc., where he began his career as Digitec’s Controller. He was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and finally Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Roca served as a consultant to various companies, including Digitec and Dominion Minerals Corp. From 2007 to 2012 he held the office of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Dominion Minerals Corp.
First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ: BUSE) and Busey Bank announced that Robin N. Elliott will be appointed the Chief Financial Officer of First Busey Corporation and Busey Bank, effective January 1, 2014.  Mr. Elliott will continue in his current role as Director of the Business Banking Group of Busey Bank until his appointment as Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Susan K. Miller will be named Deputy Chief Financial Officer of First Busey Corporation and Busey Bank, effective January 1, 2014.  David B. White, will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer through December 31, 2013, and will remain as an employee of the organization through his retirement on July 1, 2014, to facilitate a successful transition. Mr. Elliott joined Busey in 2006 and has served as Executive Vice-President and Director of Finance & Treasury at Busey Bank prior to leading its Business Banking Group.  Prior to joining Busey Bank, he worked for various national accounting firms, including Ernst & Young. Ms. Miller joined Busey in 2011 as Director of Finance.  She has over 25 years of management experience with other financial institutions such as Bank One, SunTrust and Whitney National Bank.
DTE Energy (NYSE: DTE) promoted Dave Meador to the role of Vice Chairman & Chief Administrative Officer from his previous role as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Peter Oleksiak was promoted to the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Oleksiak was previously Senior Vice President – Finance.
VIVUS, Inc. (NASDAQ: VVUS) appointed Svai Sanford, the Company’s Corporate Controller, as interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sanford has served as the Company’s Corporate Controller since July 2012.  Prior to his employment with the Company, Mr. Sanford was the Corporate Controller at Glam Media, Inc., from November 2010 to June 2012. He was also the Senior Director, Technical Accounting, Reporting and Compliance, in addition to other roles, at Elan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., from March 2004 to November 2010. Mr., Sanford is replacing outgoing Chief Financial Officer, Timothy E. Morris.
Responsys, Inc. (NASDAQ: MKTG) announced Chris Paul‘s intention to resign as Chief Financial Officer for personal reasons. Mr. Paul plans to continue as Chief Financial Officer of Responsys until a successor is in place.
MasTec, Inc. (NYSE: MTZ) reported that C. Robert Campbell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, announced his retirement, which will be effective as of the close of business on December 31, 2013. Mr. Campbell has served as MasTec’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2004. George Pita, who currently serves as MasTec’s CFO-Operations, has been appointed o serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MasTec effective as of January 1, 2014. Mr. Pita joined MasTec in February 2013, as its CFO-Operations. From June 2007 until joining MasTec in 2013, Mr. Pita served as EVP, COO and CFO of Stuart Weitzman Holdings. From April 2002 until June 2007, Mr. Pita served in various capacities at Perry Ellis International, including as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2004-2007. From 1989-2002, Mr. Pita served in a variety of financial and operations positions at Sunglass Hut International. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Pita served as a special advisor to Atlas Acquisition Holdings Corp., a special purpose acquisition corporation.
Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ: FITB) announced that Daniel T. Poston, the Company’s interim chief financial officer, has been named the Company’s chief strategy and administrative officer. Tayfun Tuzun, previously Fifth Third’s treasurer, has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Tuzun joined Fifth Third Bancorp in 2007 and was named treasurer in 2011.
QEP Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE: QEPM) announced that QEP Midstream Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of QEP Midstream Partners, LP, appointed Donald A. Turkleson directors to serve on the General Partner’s Board of Directors. Mr. Turkleson is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gulf Coast Energy Resources, LLC. He has served in that role since 2012. From 2010 to 2012, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Laurus Energy, Inc. From 1997 to 2009, he was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Energy, Inc. and served on the Board of Directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. from 2007 to 2012. Mr. Turkleson currently serves on the Board of Directors of Miller Energy Resources, Inc., where he has served as a director since 2011.
LMI Aerospace, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMIA) announced the appointment of Lawrence E. Dickinson, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, to fill the position of President-Valent Operations, and the promotion of Clifford C. Stebe, Jr., the Company’s Corporate Controller, to fill the position of Chief Financial Officer.
Black Diamond, Inc. (NASDAQ: BDE) has promoted Aaron Kuehne to chief financial officer. Kuehne, who has served as interim CFO for the past seven months, joined Black Diamond nearly three years ago as the director of financial reporting before being promoted to vice president of finance. Prior to joining Black Diamond, Kuehne served in various capacities with KPMG, most recently as an audit manager.
Remark Media, Inc. (NASDAQ: MARK) announced that Douglas Osrow was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  Most recently, from 2011 until this past month, he was Chief Financial Officer of Paragon Gaming.  Prior to this he worked as a Vice President in the investment banking division of Citadel Securities.  He began his investment banking career as an Associate at Citigroup Global Markets in the real estate and lodging group.
Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ: MBII) announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Don Glidewell, has determined to retire from the Company. To facilitate a smooth transition, Mr. Glidewell has agreed to remain as Chief Financial Officer for up to five months while the Company conducts a search for a successor chief financial officer.
BBCN Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: BBCN), the holding company of BBCN Bank, announced that Daniel Kim will join the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Planning Officer effective November 25, 2013. Daniel Kim currently serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of Saehan Bancorp, Inc., which recently announced that its shareholders approved the completion of a merger with Wilshire Bancorp, Inc. Kim joined Saehan in September 2003. In addition, Mr. Kim has served as Acting President of Saehan during the interim periods of October 2010 through April 2011 and since November 1, 2013. From May 1997 to August 2003, Mr. Kim served as First Vice President and Manager of the accounting, corporate planning and investment departments of the former Pacific Union Bank. Mr. Kim began his banking career in June 1991 at the former Center Bank, where he last served as Assistant Vice President and Accounting/Investment Officer. Center Bank merged with Nara Bank in November 2011 to become BBCN Bank.
AirSage has appointed Alan Catherall as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). For 10 years—prior to joining AirSage—Catherall served as CFO with Numerex Corp. Before Numerex, Mr. Catherall was CFO of AirGate PCS, Inc. Catherall also held executive positions at MCI, including serving as the chief financial officer of Syncordia Services, a joint venture between MCI and British Telecom.
McCloud Services announced the addition of Richard Burke as chief financial officer. Prior to joining McCloud Services, Burke served as the CFO of Nordic Energy Services, LLC. Burke also served as vice president of finance for Chicago-based Monroe Capital. Additionally, he served as director of finance for Condell Medical Center.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,397 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:


















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Amazon.com: kreger: Books







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks 























































































1-12 of 193 results for Books : 
"kreger"


"kreger" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews

























Book Format:Paperback|Kindle Edition|Audio CD|Large Print



The Essential Family Guide to Borderline Personality Disorder: New Tools and Techniques to Stop Walking on EggshellsOct 23, 2008by Randi KregerPaperback
$
9
12

$14.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.49(160 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
11
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
199Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care About Has Borderline Personality DisorderJan 2, 2010by Paul Mason MS and Randi KregerPaperback
$
10
99

$18.95PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.66(211 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
8
18

to buyWhispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition, MP3 CD
4.5 out of 5 stars
745Splitting: Protecting Yourself While Divorcing Someone with Borderline or Narcissistic Personality DisorderJul 1, 2011by Bill Eddy and Randi KregerPaperback
$
8
56

$17.95PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$4.00(127 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
8
07

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition, MP3 CD
4.5 out of 5 stars
260Surviving a Borderline Parent: How to Heal Your Childhood Wounds and Build Trust, Boundaries, and Self-EsteemJan 1, 2004by Kimberlee Roth and Freda B. FriedmanPaperback
$
11
55

$17.95PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.94(140 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
10
97

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.5 out of 5 stars
215









The Stop Walking on Eggshells Workbook: Practical Strategies for Living with Someone Who Has Borderline Personality DisorderAug 9, 2002by Randi KregerPaperback
$
14
60

$25.95PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.66(127 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
9
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
86Brigit's Bow: Chronicles of Eirgalon: Book 3 (Volume 3)May 27, 2017by Joel KregerPaperback
$
12
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
6
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelessly
5 out of 5 stars
1Upside-Down Brilliance: The Visual-Spatial LearnerSep 2002by Linda Kreger SilvermanPaperback$13.63(37 used &amp new offers)
4.6 out of 5 stars
30Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $6.09Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care About Has Borderline Personality DisorderJul 1998by Paul T. Mason and Randi KregerPaperback$1.00(270 used &amp new offers)Paperback
$
10
98

$29.99Only 1 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$2.06(41 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, MP3 CDSee newer edition of this book
4.4 out of 5 stars
303The Tao of Yoda: Based Upon the Tao Te Ching by Lao TzuFeb 2, 2013by D. W. Kreger and Jamielly PatacsilPaperback
$
9
95

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$7.43(23 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
4
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.1 out of 5 stars
17Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care About Has Borderline Personality DisorderMay 12, 2016by Paul T. Mason and Randi KregerPaperback
$
24
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$20.98(4 used &amp new offers)
4.5 out of 5 stars
745The Secret Tao: Uncovering the hidden history and meaning of Lao TzuNov 11, 2011by D. W. KregerPerfect Paperback
$
24
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 3 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$18.00(5 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
6
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelessly
5 out of 5 stars
4Counseling the Gifted and TalentedJun 1993by Linda Kreger SilvermanPaperback
$
50
21

$54.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$6.40(34 used &amp new offers)Hardcover$7.85(18 used &amp new offers)
4.8 out of 5 stars
13












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
17
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryBooksPsychology & CounselingPersonality DisordersMood DisordersParenting & RelationshipsPathologiesSelf-HelpPersonal Transformation Self-HelpSubstance AbuseParentingSpecial NeedsHealth, Fitness & DietingMedical BooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComputers & TechnologyCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMystery, Thriller & SuspensePolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultSee moreRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonAuthorRandi KregerPaul MasonBook LanguageEnglishBook FormatPaperbackKindle EditionAudible Audio EditionAudio CDLarge PrintAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















jeffrey kreger - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Jeffrey Kreger (Found) | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​Jeffrey Kreger



Get Jeffrey Kreger's Phone, Email, Social Profiles. No Hit – No Fee.





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found Jeffrey Kreger | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Jeffrey Kreger



1) Jeffrey Kreger's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





We Found Jeffrey Kreger - Looking for Jeffrey Kreger?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Jeffrey Kreger



Looking for Jeffrey Kreger? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



Search Public Records



White Pages Directory



Free People Search





Searches related tojeffrey kreger



jeffrey krieger md


jeff krieger


dr jeffrey krieger lewisville tx


dr jeffrey krieger keller tx



dr krieger tyler tx


kriger orthodontics lewisville tx


dr krieger


doctor krieger




Web Results

Top 14 Jeffrey Kreger profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Jeffrey/Kreger


View the profiles of professionals named Jeffrey Kreger on LinkedIn. There are 14 professionals named Jeffrey Kreger, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


Jeffrey Kreger Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Jeffrey-Kreger


View the profiles of people named Jeffrey Kreger. Join Facebook to connect with Jeffrey Kreger and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Jeffrey Kreger's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Jeffrey-Kreger


72 records for Jeffrey Kreger. Find Jeffrey Kreger's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


Jeffrey Kreger | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Jeffrey-Kreger


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 25 people named Jeffrey Kreger. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Jeffrey Kreger - 35 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/jeffrey-kreger


Jeffrey Kreger was found 35 times in our database of public records. Matches found in 69 cities including Canton, Ohio, Louisville, Ohio & Dexter, Michigan.


Dr. Jeffrey Krieger, MD - Flower Mound, TX ...

www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-jeffrey-krieger-y3633


Visit Healthgrades for information on Dr. Jeffrey Krieger, MD Find Phone & Address information, medical practice history, affiliated hospitals and more.


BioScrip Appoints Veteran Finance Executive Jeffrey M ...

www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bioscrip-appoints-veteran-finance...


BioScrip Appoints Veteran Finance Executive Jeffrey M. Kreger as Chief Financial Officer


Krieger, Jeffrey A. | Greenberg Glusker | Full-Service Law ...

www.greenbergglusker.com/people/attorneys/Krieger


Jeff Krieger is a business lawyer specializing in bankruptcy related matters. He represents secured creditors, unsecured creditors, landlords, chapter 11 debtors ...


Jeffrey Kreger Profiles in AK, AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, HI...

https://www.bizapedia.com/people/jeffrey-kreger.html


Jeffrey Kreger is associated with 43 companies in Austin TX, Barre VT, Boston MA, Charleston WV, Cincinnati OH, Conshohocken PA, Cromwell CT, Denver CO, Des ...


Jeffrey M. Kreger - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/jeffrey-kreger-bioscrip/salary/820956


View Jeffrey M. Kreger, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at BioScrip, Inc., Denver, CO, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current ...










Jeffrey Kreger (Found) | PublicRecordsNow.com



Ad
 ·
PublicRecordsNow.com/​Jeffrey Kreger



Get Jeffrey Kreger's Phone, Email, Social Profiles. No Hit – No Fee.





Background Check Instant



Criminal?




People Search NOW



Reverse Phone Search





We Found Jeffrey Kreger | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Jeffrey Kreger



1) Jeffrey Kreger's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





We Found Jeffrey Kreger - Looking for Jeffrey Kreger?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Jeffrey Kreger



Looking for Jeffrey Kreger? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



Search Public Records



White Pages Directory



Free People Search




Searches related tojeffrey kreger



jeffrey krieger md


jeff krieger


dr jeffrey krieger lewisville tx


dr jeffrey krieger keller tx



dr krieger tyler tx


kriger orthodontics lewisville tx


dr krieger


doctor krieger




12345Next






Answers







List of Miami University people



K. Morris, 1945–1946 (acting) Ernest H. Hahne, 1946–1952 Clarence W. Kreger, 1952–1953 (acting) John D. Millett, 1953–1964 Charles Ray Wilson, 1964–1965...

more






T Visionarium



T_Visionarium is an art installation by Neil Brown, Dennis Del Favero, Matthew McGinity and Jeffrey Shaw and Peter Weibel developed through the iCinema...

more






1993 "Maize & Blue" University of...



1993 "Maize & Blue" University of Michigan Solar Car

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








