 























































Laclede Gas - Utilities - 700 Market St, Central West End, Saint Louis, MO - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    xxzyqbaxytvws



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 









8





700 Market StSaint Louis, MO 63101


        (314) 342-0500
    






I wish they didn't have a monopoly as I would gladly take my business elsewhere. 

I received a letter from Laclede stating they needed to perform a meter change to stay compliant with Missouri Public Service Commission Regulations and that I should call their customer service line to schedule this appointment. Being a responsible adult, I called the same day I received this letter. What happened after that just shows their complete lack of respect for their customers in the following bullet points. 

1) Long hold times - 20 plus minutes always on hold. 
2) 5 hour windows for appointments - 7am to 12pm or 12pm to 5pm. That's an extremely long window and some of us work 80+ hours a week to pay our bills so have to take off for work for a long period of time for this kind of thing. I don't consider doing waiting for Laclede service a vacation. Do you? Most other businesses like cable companies have 2 hour appointment windows for scheduled service. 
3) Customer service people who tell you one appointment time (say a specific day from 7am-12pm) and then actually book it wrong and book it for the entire possible day from 7am-8pm in the computer. You discover this of course after you spend another 20 minutes on hold after calling back because it's 12:30pm and someone was supposed to have shown up between 7am-12pm. It took another two hours to get someone there. 
4) Customer service people who despite you always paying your bills on time because you work very hard refuse to compensate you anything for their mistake when you ask if they can do anything to make it up to you on your next bill with a credit or something. 
5) Having the nerve to tell me that you could have compensated me something for your mistake if I had a late fee on my account by waving the late fee. So you're telling me that if I'm not a responsible adult and don't pay my bills on time when your customer service is bad that you'll do something to give me a discount? But when I'm actually a responsible adult I get nothing? That just makes me feel great. I think I hung up the phone at this point. 

Enough said. They have a monopoly. I can't do anything about how much this company is terrible and take my business elsewhere but oh how I wish I could. At least I can Yelp.







I don't give the lowest star to lacked gas company because this company is a giant rip off. Unfortunately nothing is being done, leclade gas company is making millions of dollars off of local customers and yet there is no justification, customers must pay exactly as laclede gas company and its unqualified staff demand, otherwise go elsewhere which is lackede gas company but this time you must pay triple and plus times of the amount that you couldn't afford and your gas got cut off . Simply customers have to deposited their whole paychecks to leclade gas account or go to your backyard and invent fire to cook or don't take a bath , basically living a primitive life in an advanced democracy country. Congratulations the USA.







So I arrived this morning at 7:45 to my old villa that I have listed on the market.  My appointment to turn on the gas was from 8am to 12.  At 11:30 still nothing, so already highly irritated that a large company can't get better than a 4 hour window on an appt.  Call wait was 20 min, so when they finally spoke with me only to find out that I was actually scheduled for an all day appointment.  ALL DAY, Meaning they can come whenever they feel like it and I am stranded in a house that doesn't even have a chair to sit on.  This is the highly advance and innovative company called Laclede Gas Company. (now that was funny)


Is there another business outside of utility company's and government that can pull this pathetic service off in 2015?  No!  We miss an appointment by 2 min and we are getting an ear full.  Why do they not have any competition in the market that will force company's like Laclede Gas Company to actually consider that not everyone can just burn a vacation day waiting around with a smile on their face for them to do business with them?







I am giving this company 1 star because that is as low as the ratings could get. If it weren't for the monopoly that Lacede Gas has they would have no customers at all.
A $5 bill costs over $30 per month because of their fees. A customer fee of $20 is the equivalent of 4 months of their product. I've called several times and no one at Lacede can explain what this fee is or what it goes towards, other than Lacede charging you for the honor of being their customer. They also charge a separate fee for use of their pipes. 
When you go to pay your bill online - fee, by phone - fee, at a payment center - fee. The only way to avoid the fees is to mail a hard copy check in or set up autopay options. 
Why anyone would give a company this unethical access to their account is beyond me. 
Buyer beware Lacede will bilk you for everything they can and because of their monopoly laugh at you when you complain about it, or as one customer service rep told me "If you don't like it go somewhere else".
Avoid this company if at all possible







Laclede took over MGE at some point in the past.  When this happened they changed their billing systems, changed their Internet portal, moved the customer service out of the area, changed policies without notice, and lost touch with their customer base.  You can no longer even access via the Internet any records prior to that transition.  The customer service reps are also unable to access any records prior to that transition.  

In the process they also lost over $1000 worth of payments we made. 

After several months of calls and countless hours spent on the phone at various levels of the Laclede organization, we received a letter that patronizingly told us the payments had been received and applied "appropriately".  Mind you, no proof was provided.  No statements were offered that would demonstrate that the payments had been appropriately applied.  None of the statements we received in the past show the payments being applied.  We are just expected by Laclede to trust them when they tell us that they did a good job and it's all fine.

So we called the Missouri Public Service Commission who has opened an investigation into our situation.  They also informed us that since MGE was taken over by Laclede they are receiving a HIGHLY escalated flow of calls about missing money.

It's no wonder their customer ratings are so poor.  

Laclede is a dragon that owns the only gas utility available to us and controls our service without any understanding of the responsibility that this SHOULD imply.  If I could I would vote them out of business with my dollars I most certainly would.  From what I'm reading here and on their FB page, it looks like the vote would be pretty unanimous.  Even the employees feel the company is corrupt and non-responsive.

Really, even the IRS has higher reviews on all review platforms including Yelp.

You would think Laclede would notice this and do something to improve the way service is provided and accounted for.   But when you have no competition and you don't care about your customer, this is the result you get.

They've apparently just changed their name to Spire.  Do they think a name change will somehow change our perception of the monster they have become?

I'll be posting this same review for Spire just to make sure this doesn't happen.







Worst customer service I have ever received in my life! Paid $97.20 for a tech to diagnosis/fix our gas logs that were originally installed by Laclede.  Dwayne was at our house less than thirty minutes and told me he would order the part needed and get back to me to install it shortly.  Two and a half weeks later he calls and says that since the pilot stayed lit that his co worker said it was not the part he diagnosed and that they could not order the part that I would need.  I asked to speak to his manager and he said his manager John Evans would call me.  Never received a call so I called customer service and spoke to Mindy who was extremely rude and of no help.  I asked to be transferred to the tech department but she said that was impossible.  I asked to speak to a manager but nope she would need to put in a request that would take 24-48 hours.  So again I wait now four days later and no call. I call again and speak to DIna same BS and no manager return call! Laclede gas is the biggest fn joke ever!!!!!!!!!! Stay away from these horrible crooks if you can! Good Luck if you have to deal with them.







Laclede Gas Company has proven to be a complete nightmare for my family. A quick search of their Facebook page will tell you everything you need to know about how incompetent (or crooked) they are. Their customer service is terrible - I'm an expert on after 2 hour-long and a few 30 minute phone calls, which accomplished NOTHING. There are hundreds of reports of them not meeting service date deadlines and taking too much money out of your account and not owning up to it. My issue was the latter. They double billed my for a payment that was missed because their autopay feature glitched. This was not my fault at all, so I told them, yes, please take it out! So they took out TWICE what they should have. Now, they're telling me "its a good thing you have a credit on your account with winter coming up." Are you kidding? You took too much of my money and when I ask for it back you tell me I should be thankful that you stole from me? I don't think this is a good way to run a business at all. This monopoly should be punished, forced to disband and sell. Terrible Customer Service, terrible service, terrible experience. Oh, and their website is a convoluted mess. You'll find that in almost every review of the company that you read also. AVOID IF POSSIBLE. If you must use them (like me), be ready to be charged incorrectly for poor service and watch your accounts like a HAWK. How many people do they steal from?







It's 2014, who still charges a convenience fee for paying bills online? Laclede
My bills are usually $4 for gas plus $40 in "customer charges," taxes, and fees.

Screw these guys.







            Laclede Gas
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.









            8 reviews
    







         Details
        , Opens a popup

Rating details






Utilities






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup




















Transit information
show less



            10
        
Lindell Blvd. @ N Boyle Ave.

            0.20 mi
        



            42
        
N Sarah St. @ Olive St.

            0.29 mi
        



            97
        
Delmar Blvd. @ Pendleton Ave.

            0.30 mi
        





Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Laclede Gas


        700 Market St, Saint Louis, MO 63101
    




Get directions


























Edit




        700 Market StSaint Louis, MO 63101
    


            Central West End        









Get Directions









Transit information


            10
        

Lindell Blvd. @ N Boyle Ave.         and 2 more stations









Phone number

        (314) 342-0500
    






 
Business website
lacledegas.com









Send to your Phone







Home Services



Utilities


















 Add Photos
    



































        Ad
    

Ryan Lawn and Tree






            6 reviews
    










John M. said
    
    "I got about 5 quotes to take down a Bradford pear and trim a large maple. Ryan's was the best. Quality of work was outstanding. Prompt quote. Very professional. Excellent job overall. Certified arborists.…"
            
read more



            in Contractors, Landscaping, Tree Services
        















        Ad
    

J Bathe Electric






            5 reviews
    









                    Locally owned and operated, J. Bathe Electric Co. has been energizing St. Louis homes and businesses for more than 60 years with personalized and professional service. From new residential and commercial construction to…
            
read more



            in Electricians
        










Ask the Community



                        Got a question about Laclede Gas? Ask the Yelp community!
                    

Ask a Question



                See 1 question for Laclede Gas
            




Recommended Reviews for Laclede Gas












Your trust is our top concern, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more.




                    ×
                










Search within the reviews


















Yelp Sort













Yelp Sort




Newest First




Oldest First




Highest Rated




Lowest Rated




Elites
















English (8)













English
(8)






























Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Start your review of Laclede Gas.
                



















Julie N.


Saint Louis, MO









61 friends
        






97 reviews
        






28 photos
            

Elite ’17















            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Julie N.
        












            Stop following Julie N.
        














        6/20/2017
    

I wish they didn't have a monopoly as I would gladly take my business elsewhere. I received a letter from Laclede stating they needed to perform a meter change to stay compliant with Missouri Public Service Commission Regulations and that I should call their customer service line to schedule this appointment. Being a responsible adult, I called the same day I received this letter. What happened after that just shows their complete lack of respect for their customers in the following bullet points. 1) Long hold times - 20 plus minutes always on hold. 2) 5 hour windows for appointments - 7am to 12pm or 12pm to 5pm. That's an extremely long window and some of us work 80+ hours a week to pay our bills so have to take off for work for a long period of time for this kind of thing. I don't consider doing waiting for Laclede service a vacation. Do you? Most other businesses like cable companies have 2 hour appointment windows for scheduled service. 3) Customer service people who tell you one appointment time (say a specific day from 7am-12pm) and then actually book it wrong and book it for the entire possible day from 7am-8pm in the computer. You discover this of course after you spend another 20 minutes on hold after calling back because it's 12:30pm and someone was supposed to have shown up between 7am-12pm. It took another two hours to get someone there. 4) Customer service people who despite you always paying your bills on time because you work very hard refuse to compensate you anything for their mistake when you ask if they can do anything to make it up to you on your next bill with a credit or something. 5) Having the nerve to tell me that you could have compensated me something for your mistake if I had a late fee on my account by waving the late fee. So you're telling me that if I'm not a responsible adult and don't pay my bills on time when your customer service is bad that you'll do something to give me a discount? But when I'm actually a responsible adult I get nothing? That just makes me feel great. I think I hung up the phone at this point. Enough said. They have a monopoly. I can't do anything about how much this company is terrible and take my business elsewhere but oh how I wish I could. At least I can Yelp.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
1








 Funny









 Cool
1























Mahroo S.


St. Louis, MO









0 friends
        






2 reviews
        






3 photos
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Mahroo S.
        












            Stop following Mahroo S.
        














        6/23/2017
    

I don't give the lowest star to lacked gas company because this company is a giant rip off. Unfortunately nothing is being done, leclade gas company is making millions of dollars off of local customers and yet there is no justification, customers must pay exactly as laclede gas company and its unqualified staff demand, otherwise go elsewhere which is lackede gas company but this time you must pay triple and plus times of the amount that you couldn't afford and your gas got cut off . Simply customers have to deposited their whole paychecks to leclade gas account or go to your backyard and invent fire to cook or don't take a bath , basically living a primitive life in an advanced democracy country. Congratulations the USA.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful









 Funny









 Cool
























Bill D.


Saint Louis, MO









174 friends
        






192 reviews
        






243 photos
            

Elite ’17















            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Bill D.
        












            Stop following Bill D.
        














        11/6/2015
    

So I arrived this morning at 7:45 to my old villa that I have listed on the market.  My appointment to turn on the gas was from 8am to 12.  At 11:30 still nothing, so already highly irritated that a large company can't get better than a 4 hour window on an appt.  Call wait was 20 min, so when they finally spoke with me only to find out that I was actually scheduled for an all day appointment.  ALL DAY, Meaning they can come whenever they feel like it and I am stranded in a house that doesn't even have a chair to sit on.  This is the highly advance and innovative company called Laclede Gas Company. (now that was funny)Is there another business outside of utility company's and government that can pull this pathetic service off in 2015?  No!  We miss an appointment by 2 min and we are getting an ear full.  Why do they not have any competition in the market that will force company's like Laclede Gas Company to actually consider that not everyone can just burn a vacation day waiting around with a smile on their face for them to do business with them?




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
6








 Funny
2








 Cool
1























Jimmy B.


O'Fallon, Saint Louis, MO









0 friends
        






20 reviews
        






6 photos
            














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Jimmy B.
        












            Stop following Jimmy B.
        














        9/13/2016
    

I am giving this company 1 star because that is as low as the ratings could get. If it weren't for the monopoly that Lacede Gas has they would have no customers at all.A $5 bill costs over $30 per month because of their fees. A customer fee of $20 is the equivalent of 4 months of their product. I've called several times and no one at Lacede can explain what this fee is or what it goes towards, other than Lacede charging you for the honor of being their customer. They also charge a separate fee for use of their pipes. When you go to pay your bill online - fee, by phone - fee, at a payment center - fee. The only way to avoid the fees is to mail a hard copy check in or set up autopay options. Why anyone would give a company this unethical access to their account is beyond me. Buyer beware Lacede will bilk you for everything they can and because of their monopoly laugh at you when you complain about it, or as one customer service rep told me "If you don't like it go somewhere else".Avoid this company if at all possible




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
4








 Funny









 Cool
2























Kc Apts S.


Kansas City, MO









0 friends
        






4 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Kc Apts S.
        












            Stop following Kc Apts S.
        














        5/18/2016
    

Laclede took over MGE at some point in the past.  When this happened they changed their billing systems, changed their Internet portal, moved the customer service out of the area, changed policies without notice, and lost touch with their customer base.  You can no longer even access via the Internet any records prior to that transition.  The customer service reps are also unable to access any records prior to that transition.  In the process they also lost over $1000 worth of payments we made. After several months of calls and countless hours spent on the phone at various levels of the Laclede organization, we received a letter that patronizingly told us the payments had been received and applied "appropriately".  Mind you, no proof was provided.  No statements were offered that would demonstrate that the payments had been appropriately applied.  None of the statements we received in the past show the payments being applied.  We are just expected by Laclede to trust them when they tell us that they did a good job and it's all fine.So we called the Missouri Public Service Commission who has opened an investigation into our situation.  They also informed us that since MGE was taken over by Laclede they are receiving a HIGHLY escalated flow of calls about missing money.It's no wonder their customer ratings are so poor.  Laclede is a dragon that owns the only gas utility available to us and controls our service without any understanding of the responsibility that this SHOULD imply.  If I could I would vote them out of business with my dollars I most certainly would.  From what I'm reading here and on their FB page, it looks like the vote would be pretty unanimous.  Even the employees feel the company is corrupt and non-responsive.Really, even the IRS has higher reviews on all review platforms including Yelp.You would think Laclede would notice this and do something to improve the way service is provided and accounted for.   But when you have no competition and you don't care about your customer, this is the result you get.They've apparently just changed their name to Spire.  Do they think a name change will somehow change our perception of the monster they have become?I'll be posting this same review for Spire just to make sure this doesn't happen.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
6








 Funny









 Cool
1























Rick J.


Chesterfield, MO









3 friends
        






32 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Rick J.
        












            Stop following Rick J.
        














        1/15/2016
    

Worst customer service I have ever received in my life! Paid $97.20 for a tech to diagnosis/fix our gas logs that were originally installed by Laclede.  Dwayne was at our house less than thirty minutes and told me he would order the part needed and get back to me to install it shortly.  Two and a half weeks later he calls and says that since the pilot stayed lit that his co worker said it was not the part he diagnosed and that they could not order the part that I would need.  I asked to speak to his manager and he said his manager John Evans would call me.  Never received a call so I called customer service and spoke to Mindy who was extremely rude and of no help.  I asked to be transferred to the tech department but she said that was impossible.  I asked to speak to a manager but nope she would need to put in a request that would take 24-48 hours.  So again I wait now four days later and no call. I call again and speak to DIna same BS and no manager return call! Laclede gas is the biggest fn joke ever!!!!!!!!!! Stay away from these horrible crooks if you can! Good Luck if you have to deal with them.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
2








 Funny









 Cool
























Parker D.


Blue Springs, MO









2 friends
        






10 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow Parker D.
        












            Stop following Parker D.
        














        10/20/2015
    

Laclede Gas Company has proven to be a complete nightmare for my family. A quick search of their Facebook page will tell you everything you need to know about how incompetent (or crooked) they are. Their customer service is terrible - I'm an expert on after 2 hour-long and a few 30 minute phone calls, which accomplished NOTHING. There are hundreds of reports of them not meeting service date deadlines and taking too much money out of your account and not owning up to it. My issue was the latter. They double billed my for a payment that was missed because their autopay feature glitched. This was not my fault at all, so I told them, yes, please take it out! So they took out TWICE what they should have. Now, they're telling me "its a good thing you have a credit on your account with winter coming up." Are you kidding? You took too much of my money and when I ask for it back you tell me I should be thankful that you stole from me? I don't think this is a good way to run a business at all. This monopoly should be punished, forced to disband and sell. Terrible Customer Service, terrible service, terrible experience. Oh, and their website is a convoluted mess. You'll find that in almost every review of the company that you read also. AVOID IF POSSIBLE. If you must use them (like me), be ready to be charged incorrectly for poor service and watch your accounts like a HAWK. How many people do they steal from?




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
4








 Funny









 Cool
























C S.


San Francisco, CA









3 friends
        






72 reviews
        














            Share review
        












            Embed review
        












            Compliment
        












            Send message
        












            Follow C S.
        












            Stop following C S.
        














        10/26/2014
    








First to Review
        


It's 2014, who still charges a convenience fee for paying bills online? LacledeMy bills are usually $4 for gas plus $40 in "customer charges," taxes, and fees.Screw these guys.




        Was this review …?
    







 Useful
8








 Funny
1








 Cool















        Page 1 of 1
    






                    8 other reviews that are not currently recommended
            





                                    You Might Also Consider
                            













        Ad
    

AAA Home Services






            9 reviews
    










Joe L. said
    
    "John S came out and repaired my dryer this morning. Called AAA at 8:30am was offered a morning or afternoon same day appointment. I chose morning, John arrived around 11:00am and my dryer was repaired by…"
            
read more



            in Plumbing, Heating & Air Conditioning/HVAC
        















        Ad
    

Rapid Dry






            12 reviews
    







8.7 Miles away from Laclede Gas
            









Jessica J. said
    
    "Once again, Grant came to check out a problem for us. He was thorough and honest. He even told us about another issue that could be problematic in the future and gave us advice. He gave us a…"
            
read more



            in Damage Restoration
        














 Request Quotes
This provider has not enabled messaging on Yelp. Request a quote from other similar providers.

        Request Quotes
    

Business info summary











Edit business info











Work here? Claim this business








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    















 C S.

                    First to review
                




                                    You might also consider
                            













        Ad
    

Mr. Rooter Plumbing of St. Louis






            6 reviews
    










John L. said
    
    "Awesome service. Top notch crew that took care of my…"
            
read more

















        Ad
    

Foam Engineers LLC







10.9 Miles









                    We make homes exceptionally energy efficient in an economical way. We use…
            
read more








Other Utilities Nearby




                        Find more Utilities near Laclede Gas
                    





Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all





Work at Laclede Gas? Claim your business





Claim your free business page to have your changes published immediately.
Claim This Business










Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                






8





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Laclede Gas







8 reviews
    



Utilities


Saint Louis, MO




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    







































Laclede Gas Co: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























laclede gas co
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Utility Networks
Laclede Gas Company offers utility services. The Company distributes natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers. Laclede Gas operates in the State of Missouri.




Corporate Information
Address:

700 Market Street
St Louis, MO 63101
United States


Phone:
1-314-342-0800


Fax:
1-314-421-1979


Web url:
www.lacledegas.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Suzanne Sitherwood
Spire Inc








Executive Vice President
Company


Kenneth Neises
Laclede Gas Co








Chief Financial Officer
Company


Barry Cooper
Laclede Gas Co








Board Members
Company


Andrew Craig
Rivervest Venture Partners




























From The Web











Key Executives


Steven L Lindsey "Steve"


President




Steven P Rasche


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




























































Laclede Gas Company: Rebates & Savings





Main Navigation

Skip main navigation and go to utility navigation
Skip main navigation and go to main content
The Lacelde Group
Gas Service

Residential Customers
Residential Builders/Developers
Commercial/Industrial Customers


Your Gas Bill

Access Your Account
Ways to Pay Your Bill
Understanding Your Bill
Contact and Back-of-Bill Information
Bill Messages & Inserts
How to Read a Meter
Automated Meter Reading


Product & Services

Kehrs Mill Pipeline Project
Natural Gas Appliances
The All Gas Home
Gift Certificates
Repair and Inspections
Commercial Food Service
Commercial Equipment
Natural Gas Vehicles
Natural Gas Cooling
Home Sale


Customer Service

Ways to Pay Your Bill
Understanding Your Bill
Customer Forms
Customer Connection
FAQs
User's Guide
24-Hour Interactive Call Center
Customer Assistance Programs
Consumer Education
The Pilot


Energy Efficiency

Rebates & Savings
Home Energy Advisor - Energy Saving Tool
"Green" Building
30 Hot Tips for Using Energy Wisely
BEE:Be Energy Efficient
Write Your Congressman
Operation Weather Survival (OWS)
Hedging & Storage Programs
Helpful Resources


Safety

Natural Gas Safety Tips
Safe & Sure
Carbon Monoxide FAQs
Earthquake Safety
Excavation Safety
Special Safety Message


Contact Us

Contact Laclede Gas



Laclede Gas
Utility Navigation

Skip main navigation and go to main content
About Laclede Gas
About Missouri Natural Gas
Community Service
Rates & Regulations
Careers
I am looking for...

Customer Service
Info on buying gas appliances
Info on scheduling an inspection
Info on explaining my gas bill
Info on receiving assistance in paying my bill
Info on current gas prices
Info on conserving energy
Recent SEC filings
Recent tariff updates
News Releases
Available jobs at Laclede
What is Dollar-Help?






Where am I?

Skip navigation and go to content
Home /
Energy Efficiency /



Commercial & Industrial Standard Rebates

Laclede offers Commercial and Industrial (C&I) customers standardized rebates for qualified high-efficiency equipment installations and services. Table 1 provides an Apply Online option, required forms for specific types of applications and downloadable paper applications. Table 2 provides a list of available Standard rebates along with requirements and rebate amounts. Energy-saving improvements not listed, may be eligible for rebates under the Laclede Custom Program.

Ready to Apply? It’s Easy! Review the program Terms and Conditions and then choose the application option that's right for you.

Table 1

Apply Online or download a Paper Application Form.  Depending on the type of rebate application, please download, complete and submit the required form with your online application.
 



Type of Rebate
Additional Required Forms (Download, complete and submit with application)
Online Application
Paper Application Forms


HVAC System and Components
N/A
Apply Online
HVAC System and Components Application


Boiler System and Components
N/A
Boiler System and Components Application


Boiler Tune-up
Boiler Tune-up Worksheets
Boiler Tune-up Application


Steam Trap
Steam trap Survey
Steam Trap Application


Water Heating System
N/A
Water Heating System Application


Food Service Equipment
N/A
Food Service Equipment Application


Online Applications Only: If you will be requesting your rebate check to be made payable to a Third-party recipient, download, complete and submit the Third-party Authorization Form with  your online application.




Have a Question? Call one of our rebate coordinators at (800) 426-5784, (302) 504-3084 or email us at Laclede-MGE@appliedenergygroup.com


Table 2




Equipment or Service
Minimum Efficiency/Requirement
Rebate


HVAC System & Components


Gas Furnace
92% AFUE
$200 per unit


Gas Furnace
94% AFUE
$250 per unit


Low-Intensity Infrared Heater
Electronic Ignition / Interior Installation Only
$300 per unit


Condensing Unit Heater
90% Thermal Efficiency (TE)
$300 per unit


HTHV Direct-Fired Gas Heater
90% Thermal Efficiency (TE)
$500 per unit


Programmable thermostat
7-Day Programmable
50% of unit cost up to $40 per unit


Boiler Heating System & Components


Gas Boiler (Hot Water)
             
≤ 300,000 Btu/h: 85% AFUE
Up to $750 per unit


>300,000 to <1,000,000 Btu/h: 83% TE
Up to $1,500 per unit


≥1,000,000 Btu/h: 83% TE
Up to $3,000 per unit


 
Exact Hot Water Boiler Rebates are determined based upon size and efficiency


Gas Boiler (Low Pressure Steam ≤ 15 PSIG)
             
≤300,000 Btu/h: 83% AFUE
Up to $750 per unit


>300,000 to <1,000,000 Btu/h: 83% TE
Up to $1,500 per unit


≥1,000,000 Btu/h: 83% AFUE
Up to $3,000 per unit


 
Exact Low Pressure Steam Boiler Rebates are determined based upon size and efficiency


Gas Boiler (High Pressure Steam > 15 PSIG)
             
≤300,000 Btu/h: 81.5% AFUE
Up to $750 per unit


>300,000 to <1,000,000 Btu/h: 81.5% TE
Up to $1,500 per unit


≥1,000,000 Btu/h: 81.5% TE
Up to $3,000 per unit


 
Exact High Pressure Steam Boiler Rebates are determined based upon size and efficiency


Continuous Modulating Burner
Retrofit to  Existing Boiler Only
25% of equipment cost up to $15,000 per burner


Vent or Primary Air Damper
Retrofit to Existing Boiler Only
50% of the equipment cost up to $500 per boiler


Advanced Load Monitoring (ALM) Boiler Control
Retrofit to Existing Hot Water Space-Heating Boiler Only
$2000 per control


Outdoor Temperature Reset (OTR) Boiler Control
Retrofit to Existing Hot Water Space-Heating Boiler Only
$200 per control


Boiler Tune-up


Gas-Fired Boiler Tune-up


Eligible for tune up every two years 
                 
Completed Checklist 
                 
Flue-Gas tape(copy) or results


50% of installed cost up to $500 per boiler






Gas-Fired Boiler Tune up (Non- Profit Customers*)


Eligible for tune up every two years.
                 
Completed Checklist
                 
Flue-Gas tape(copy) or results


75% of installed cost up to $750 per boiler






Steam Trap


Steam-Trap Replacement


Maximum of 25 failing traps per program year
                 
Must include steam-trap survey/failure study report.


50% of the equipment cost up to $2,500 per program year




Water Heating Equipment


Gas Condensing Storage Water Heater
>75,000 to ≤500,000 Btu/h input
            90% TE
$250 per unit


Gas Instantaneous Water Heater (< 2 gal.)
.82 EF
$300 per unit


Food Service Equipment


Steamer
ENERGY STAR® qualified
50% of the equipment cost up to $475 per unit


Fryer
ENERGY STAR® qualified
50% of the equipment cost up to $350 per unit


Griddle
ENERGY STAR® qualified. 
            (Top and bottom surfaces of clamshell models must be gas)
50% of the equipment cost up to $400 per unit


Convection Oven
ENERGY STAR® qualified
50% of the equipment cost up to $200 per unit


Combination Oven
ENERGY STAR® qualified
50% of the equipment cost up to  $500 per unit


Conveyor Oven
New oven with baking  efficiency > 42%. Idle energy consumption rate < 57,000 Btu/h utilizing ASTM standard F1817.
50% of the equipment cost up to  $300 per unit


Rack Oven - single rack
New oven with baking  efficiency ≥ 50% utilizing ASTM standard 2093.
50% of the equipment cost up to  $500 per unit


Rack Oven - double rack
New oven with baking  efficiency ≥ 50% utilizing ASTM standard 2093.
50% of the equipment cost up to  $1000 per unit


Infrared Charbroiler
Natural gas charbroiler with infrared burners** ASTM compliant
50% of the equipment cost up to  $300 per unit


Infrared Salamander Broiler
Natural gas salamander broiler with infrared burners** ASTM compliant
50% of the equipment cost up to  $200 per unit


Infrared Rotisserie Oven
Natural gas rotisserie oven with infrared burners** ASTM compliant
50% of the equipment cost up to  $300 per unit


Kitchen Demand Control Ventilation (KDCV)
KDCV control system must utilize variable
            frequency drives and sensors to vary exhaust and/or gas-fired make-up air flow(s). Natural Gas heating required within kitchen space.
$300 per system


Low Flow Pre-Rinse Spray Nozzle


Replacement Only
                 
GPM rating of 1.6 or less
                 
Maximum Two Nozzles


50% of equipment cost up to $100 per nozzle







AFUE = Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency, EF = Energy Factor, TE = Thermal Efficiency. Ratings are provided by the manufacturer and can be found at: www.ahridirectory.org
            *Non-Profit Customers are defined as government agencies, public school districts, or other customers that demonstrate qualification as a 501(c) (3) charity or benevolent corporation as defined by RSMo 352.010.
            **New installations or replacement of non-infrared equipment







Go back to main content |
Go back to main navigation

Side Navigation

Skip side navigation and go to footer information
Commercial/Industrial Rebate Program

Standard Rebate Program
Apply Now
Customer Login
Contact Us








Footer Navigation

Skip footer navigation and go to footer utility navigation
Gas Service |
Your Gas Bill |
Products & Services |
Customer Service |
Energy Efficiency |
Safety |
Contact Us |
Home
About Laclede Gas |
About Missouri Natural Gas |
Community Service |
Rates & Regulations |
Careers

Footer Utility Navigation

Skip footer navigation and go back to main content
Investor Services |
The Laclede Group, Inc. |
Employee Portal |
Site Map |
Privacy Policy |
Copyright/Legal Notice


Follow us on Twiter
Follow us on Facebook
View us on YouTube

Copyright © 2017 Laclede Gas Company      All rights reserved.

Go back to main content
Go back to main navigation







Laclede Gas Co 4118 Shrewsbury Ave St Louis, MO Cng - MapQuest







































































































    Laclede Gas Co
  

4118 Shrewsbury Ave

St Louis
MO
63119




 Reviews



(314) 768-7753
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























LACLEDE GAS CO - FORISTELL, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



FORISTELL



Petroleum Product Wholesalers,except Bulk Stations



Gases



                            LACLEDE GAS CO
                                    



 





















L 


LACLEDE GAS CO
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1115 HIGHWAY W FORISTELL, MO 63348
Get Directions



(636) 673-1282





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $200,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Gases
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Laclede Gas Co was founded in 2005, and is located at 1115 Highway W in Foristell. It employs 3 employees and is generating approximately $200,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













laclede gas grills, Shopping.net











































Top Category Matches



> Outdoor Cooking




> Range & Oven Accessories




> Refrigerator Accessories




> Washer & Dryer Accessorie...




> Law Books




> Miscellaneous Appliances




> Dishwasher Accessories




> Outdoor Power Equipment




> Microwaves




> Air Conditioner Accessories




> Dining Room Furniture




> Plumbing Supplies




> Lawn Mowers & Tractors




> More Sports Equipment




> Miscellaneous




> TV-Mounts




> Collectibles




> Ranges




> Vacuum Accessories




> Weather Instruments



see all categories













Price



Price must be rounded to nearest dollar
$

to $







Free Shipping







Color







Black

62






Blue

33






White

31






Red

29



 more












Power Source







Gas

24



 more












Brand







Music City Metals

2487






Weber

496






CharBroil

321






Char-Broil

303






Napoleon

212






Seasonal Designs

179






Fire Magic

175






Bull Outdoor Products

157






Solaire

148






Sears

124



 more












Material







Steel

6472






Stainless Steel

5354






Porcelain

1804






Cast Iron

1249






Aluminum

364






Plastic

276






Chrome

261






Nylon

75






Brass

29






Wood

28



 more












Features







Pressure

41






Set

32






Female

21






Dishwasher Safe

20






Male

18



 more












Novelty







Funny

37






Beer

14



 more












Product Group







Camping Cookware & Storag...

75






Camp Furniture & Tools

31






Patio Heater

30






Radiator

16






Indoor Grill

14



 more












Stores







Amazon Marketplace

7332






Amazon.com

2921






Sears Parts Direct

1619






Walmart.com

1076






Hayneedle

888






Sports Unlimited

308






Overstock.com

265






WebstaurantStore

213






Target.com

92






Bed Bath & Beyond

68



 more












Energy Source







Gas

89






Propane Gas

36






Natural Gas

16



 more












Number Of Racks







2

787






1

397






3

140






4

54



 more















Shop by Department



Appliances




Automotive




Babies & Kids




Clothing & Accessories




Computers & Software




DVDs & Videos




Electronics




Gifts, Flowers & Food




Health & Beauty Supplies




Home & Garden




Jewelry




Musical Instruments & Accessories




Office Supplies




Other Products




Pet Supplies




Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear




Toys




Video Games




 See more































Blue Rhino Global Sourcing 00350TV Triple-Action...

$74.48














BBQ Grill Mat (Set of 4) by Boolba Great Baking...

$33.98














Classic Accessories Terrazzo Gas Grill Cover...

$29.99














FireDisc Gas Grill
$399.99
$360.00













Cuisinart Chef's Style Stainless Gas Grill...

$199.99













Rust-Oleum Heavy-Duty Waterproof BBQ Gas Grill...
$42.99
$16.99













Lotfancy Heavy-Duty Waterproof BBQ Gas Grill...
$39.90
$22.79













Camp Chef Sport Gas Grill 3

$299.99













2013-2015 Honda Civic Grille Assembly - Action...

$34.98













2013-2015 Honda Civic Grille Assembly - Action...

$34.98













2013-2015 Honda Civic Grille Assembly - Action...

$34.98













Lotfancy Heavy-Duty Waterproof BBQ Gas Grill...
$39.90
$23.99













2013-2015 Honda Civic Grille Assembly - Action...

$34.98













Lotfancy Heavy-Duty Waterproof BBQ Gas Grill...
$39.90
$24.99













Rust-Oleum Heavy-Duty Waterproof BBQ Gas Grill...
$39.98
$18.99













Char-Broil Classic 360 3 Burner Gas Grill -...
$169.99
$119.30













Crown Verity RCB-72WGP-SI-LP 72" Pro Series...

$3,647.84













Crown Verity RCB-60RDP-SI-LP 60" Pro Series...

$4,208.96













Bakers Pride CBBQ-60S-CP Natural Gas 60"...

$5,607.80













Mr. Bar-B-Q Washintgon State Cougars 48 Inch BBQ...

$31.49













Blackstone Tailgater Gas Grill and Griddle - 1555

$238.00













Char-Broil Performance IR 300 2 Burner Cabinet...
$299.99
$192.68













Char-Broil Patio Bistro Infrared, 12,000 BTU,...

$144.00













Char-Broil Stainless Steel Portable Gas Grill -...

$88.00













Dyna-Glo Smart Space Living 2-Burner Stainless...
$353.89
$256.32












1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10


>






































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


Shopping.net is compensated by these merchants. Payment is one of several factors used to rank these results. Tax and shipping costs are estimates.
© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC

























Shopping.net


















 

















Popular Products







Ovation Slim Secret Full-seat Breeches Show Tan...
$109.95
$99.99













Puritan's Pride Maca 1000 mg Exotic Herb for...
$19.99
$9.99













Nature's Bounty - Fish Oil 1200 mg. - 200...
$17.29
$15.13













Women's Monica Mid-Heel Sandal

$34.99













Bryonia Alba 30X (Rheumatic Pain, Dry Cough)...

$7.35













Lawrence 60" Double Vanity -...

$1,699.00













Slo-Niacin - Polygel Controlled-Release Niacin...
$25.14
$15.16













Rev-A-Shelf 4WCTM-12DM1 4WCTM Series 35 Quart...
$104.69
$74.29













WIREMOLD 2886 Drop Ceiling Connector...

$4.80













Planetary herbals Turmeric Gold 500mg, 60 capsule
$36.48
$27.44













Moen DN6886 Brushed Nickel Accessory Moen DN6886...
$27.15
$18.10













28-inch Round Exquisite Ceiling Medallion (28...

$89.99













Deni Non-Stick Electric Skillet with Glass Lid...

$23.99













303 30207 Multi-Purpose Cleaner Trigger Sprayer,...
$23.48
$11.48













Accelerade Advance Sports Drink - 60...
$72.99
$54.99













EMD EMD 1.09533.0007 PH Strip, 5.0 to 10.0 pH,...

$147.51













Farberware 4-Slice Toaster, Stainless Steel

$34.92













Dixie - Itw Brands 25216 EZ Ancor Stud Solver...

$14.34













30 Amp 120/240-Volt 7,200-Watt Fused...

$21.41













Kyme Ricky 50MM Squared Rectangle Sunglasses -...

$300.00
































Privacy


Terms of Service


Contact Us


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC


























Laclede Gas


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Related Locations

BelmontCumnockFoleyAndersonChelsea, MA 02150 


Company

Laclede Gas CompanyBlossman GasCataldo Ambulance Service Inc 


Related Job Titles

Gas Sales/ Route DriverBilling RepresentativeDispatch SupervisorOperations SupervisorManager Corporate Financial Reporting 


Date

Last MonthLast Week 





 



Map search for Laclede Gas 
X





Post Job
                Laclede Gas - Find a new job today!









1 - 15 of 81764 job search results


Fleet Diesel /Gas Mechanic

Cataldo Ambulance Service Inc - Chelsea, MA 02150
Job Descriptions: This hands-on position is responsible for all preventative maintenance & mechanical repairs needed for diesel and gas vehicles. This ...


Gas Sales/ Route Driver

Blossman Gas - Anderson
BLOSSMAN GAS & APPLIANCE, INC. desires qualified applicants seeking employment to apply for the position of GAS SALES / ROUTE DRIVER at our Anderson, SC ...


Gas Sales/ Route Driver

Blossman Gas - Foley
BLOSSMAN GAS & APPLIANCE, INC. desires qualified applicants seeking employment to apply for the position of GAS SALES / ROUTE DRIVER at our Foley, AL ...



Related Searches

Gas Appliance Repairer
Gas Compressor Operator
Gas Distribution Plant Operator
Gas Processing Plant Operator
Gas Pumping Station Operator
Oil and gas Operator
Gas Technician
Oil And Gas
Oil And Gas Engineering
Gas Scheduler
Oil And Gas Superintendent
Oil And Gas Recruiter



Gas Sales/ Route Driver

Blossman Gas - Cumnock
BLOSSMAN GAS & APPLIANCE, INC. desires qualified applicants seeking employment to apply for the position of GAS SALES / ROUTE DRIVER at our Sanford, NC ...


Gas Sales/ Route Driver

Blossman Gas - Belmont
BLOSSMAN GAS & APPLIANCE, INC. desires qualified applicants seeking employment to apply for the position of GAS SALES / ROUTE DRIVER at our Belmont, NC ...


Tax Accountant

Laclede Gas Company - Saint Louis, MO
Support all tax concepts including income, property, franchise, sales & use, gross receipts, and excise for the Company
   • Prepare journal entries



Get new LACLEDE GAS JOBS by email!






Activate




You can unsubscribe anytime.

 
Billing Supervisor

Laclede Gas Company - Birmingham, AL
Evaluates job performance for employees of assigned department. Handle personnel problems, including participating in the various steps of the


Manager, Facilities Planning

Laclede Gas Company - Saint Louis, MO
About Us

Energy exists to help people. To enrich their lives, grow their businesses, advance their communities. It’s a simple idea, but it’s one


Counsel, Transactions

Laclede Gas Company - Saint Louis, MO
Counsel corporate decision-makers regarding business and legal issues – identifying and working to mitigate risks and exercising sound judgement to


GIS Analyst I

Laclede Gas Company - Festus, MO
Completes engineering designs and cost estimates using GIS for all types of main and service work
   • Collects construction activity “as-built” data




Does your resume pass the 6-second test? Find out!
TopResume - New York, NY
See what employers think of your resume. Submit your resume for a free evaluation and receive constructive feedback on how well it communicates your skills and experience…



Manager Corporate Financial Reporting

Laclede Gas Company - Saint Louis, MO
To manage the monthly closing process including all areas of managing quality control, accuracy, timing, ensuring all internal deadlines are met and


Billing Representative

Laclede Gas Company - Birmingham, AL
The Billing Representative will process customer billing records to accomplish accuracy in billing and complete other back office duties as assigned


Dispatch Supervisor

Laclede Gas Company - Birmingham, AL
Supervises the routing and dispatching of service calls, construction calls, meter orders and meter maintenance work.
   • Have a working knowledge


Investor Relations Analyst

Laclede Gas Company - Saint Louis, MO



Operations Supervisor

Laclede Gas Company - Lauderdale Beach, AL
Have the ability to view and analyze the data provided by the Roadside system. 
   • Be able to compare Roadside Systems trip activities to service





12345...5451Next














Related Searches

Gas Appliance Repairer
Gas Compressor Operator
Gas Distribution Plant Operator
Gas Processing Plant Operator
Gas Pumping Station Operator
Oil and gas Operator
Gas Technician
Oil And Gas
Oil And Gas Engineering
Gas Scheduler
Oil And Gas Superintendent
Oil And Gas Recruiter





Get new jobs for this search by email!




Activate



You can unsubscribe anytime.
























Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH











LACLEDE GAS JOBS✖
Leave us your email address and we'll send you all of the new jobs for: LACLEDE GAS JOBS


Send me new jobs

You can easily edit or cancel your job alerts anytime.


















jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 Free email alerts: Get new jobs by email
We will send you new job offers for your search as soon as they become available. Just fill out the fields for job position, location and your email address and click on „Activate“. You can cancel email alerts at any time. Your email address is safe with us. We only use your email address for job alerts and do not sell it to third parties.


what?



where?



E-Mail















Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH


















Laclede Gas Company - Wikipedia





















 






Laclede Gas Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Laclede Gas Company is the largest natural gas distribution utility in Missouri, serving approximately 632,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in the city of St. Louis and ten counties in eastern Missouri. As an adjunct to its gas distribution business, the company operates an underground natural gas storage field, a propane storage cavern, and propane vaporization facilities.
Lacede Gas is a regulated public utility and a wholly owned subsidiary of Spire Inc (formerly Laclede Group). Its corporate headquarters is located in the 700 Market building in downtown St. Louis.



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
It was founded as the Laclede Gas Light Company, as the invention of gas lit street and home lamps was a primary, and innovative use of natural gas. Gas lighting displaced candles, whale oil lamps and kerosene lamps, and came before the invention of electric lighting, and gas cooking and heating.
See also[edit]

Erastus Wells, an early president of the company
Spire Inc — formerly The Laclede Group Inc.

References[edit]

Beck, Bill (2007). Laclede Gas and St. Louis: 150 Years Working Together, 1857-2007, Laclede Gas Company. ISBN 978-0-9710910-1-6

External links[edit]

Laclede Gas Company website





This Missouri-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about a United States company or corporation involved in the energy industry is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Laclede_Gas_Company&oldid=787018723"					
Categories: Natural gas companies of the United StatesEnergy infrastructure in MissouriCompanies based in St. LouisAmerican companies established in 1857Energy companies established in 1857Non-renewable resource companies established in 18571857 establishments in MissouriFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMissouri stubsUnited States energy company stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 23:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Laclede Gas Company - Wikipedia





















 






Laclede Gas Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Laclede Gas Company is the largest natural gas distribution utility in Missouri, serving approximately 632,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in the city of St. Louis and ten counties in eastern Missouri. As an adjunct to its gas distribution business, the company operates an underground natural gas storage field, a propane storage cavern, and propane vaporization facilities.
Lacede Gas is a regulated public utility and a wholly owned subsidiary of Spire Inc (formerly Laclede Group). Its corporate headquarters is located in the 700 Market building in downtown St. Louis.



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
It was founded as the Laclede Gas Light Company, as the invention of gas lit street and home lamps was a primary, and innovative use of natural gas. Gas lighting displaced candles, whale oil lamps and kerosene lamps, and came before the invention of electric lighting, and gas cooking and heating.
See also[edit]

Erastus Wells, an early president of the company
Spire Inc — formerly The Laclede Group Inc.

References[edit]

Beck, Bill (2007). Laclede Gas and St. Louis: 150 Years Working Together, 1857-2007, Laclede Gas Company. ISBN 978-0-9710910-1-6

External links[edit]

Laclede Gas Company website





This Missouri-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about a United States company or corporation involved in the energy industry is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Laclede_Gas_Company&oldid=787018723"					
Categories: Natural gas companies of the United StatesEnergy infrastructure in MissouriCompanies based in St. LouisAmerican companies established in 1857Energy companies established in 1857Non-renewable resource companies established in 18571857 establishments in MissouriFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMissouri stubsUnited States energy company stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 23:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Laclede Gas Company - Wikipedia





















 






Laclede Gas Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Laclede Gas Company is the largest natural gas distribution utility in Missouri, serving approximately 632,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in the city of St. Louis and ten counties in eastern Missouri. As an adjunct to its gas distribution business, the company operates an underground natural gas storage field, a propane storage cavern, and propane vaporization facilities.
Lacede Gas is a regulated public utility and a wholly owned subsidiary of Spire Inc (formerly Laclede Group). Its corporate headquarters is located in the 700 Market building in downtown St. Louis.



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
It was founded as the Laclede Gas Light Company, as the invention of gas lit street and home lamps was a primary, and innovative use of natural gas. Gas lighting displaced candles, whale oil lamps and kerosene lamps, and came before the invention of electric lighting, and gas cooking and heating.
See also[edit]

Erastus Wells, an early president of the company
Spire Inc — formerly The Laclede Group Inc.

References[edit]

Beck, Bill (2007). Laclede Gas and St. Louis: 150 Years Working Together, 1857-2007, Laclede Gas Company. ISBN 978-0-9710910-1-6

External links[edit]

Laclede Gas Company website





This Missouri-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e








This article about a United States company or corporation involved in the energy industry is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Laclede_Gas_Company&oldid=787018723"					
Categories: Natural gas companies of the United StatesEnergy infrastructure in MissouriCompanies based in St. LouisAmerican companies established in 1857Energy companies established in 1857Non-renewable resource companies established in 18571857 establishments in MissouriFormer components of the Dow Jones Industrial AverageMissouri stubsUnited States energy company stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 22 June 2017, at 23:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






