





Lagomarsino, Simone - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Simone  Lagomarsino
Simone Lagomarsino is the President and CEO of Heritage Oaks Bancorp, the parent company of Heritage Oaks Bank. She came to Heritage Oaks in September 2011 with more than 20 years of experience in executive positions at financial institutions in Southern California. She has spent most of her career repositioning organizations and turning them into top-performing companies. During her tenure with Heritage Oaks, the bank has achieved the best financial performance in its 30-year history. Heritage Oaks Bank is $1.9 billion in assets and is the largest community bank headquartered on California’s Central Coast. The bank operates 12 branches and two loan production offices from Paso Robles to Oxnard. In 2013, she was honored by American Banker magazine as one of the top three community bankers in the United States. She currently serves on the boards of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, the Alzheimer’s Association’s California Central Coast Chapter, Sierra Vista Regional Medical Center and the Foundation for the Performing Arts Center of San Luis Obispo. She earned an MBA with an emphasis in finance from Claremont Graduate School and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Claremont McKenna College.
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO: Heritage Oaks Bancorp (NASDAQ:HEOP)February 26, 2016Interview with the President and CEO: Heritage Oaks Bancorp (HEOP)February 11, 2015Simone Lagomarsino - Hawthorne Financial Corporation (hthr)May 20, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 



Simone Lagomarsino, Managing Director, Diversification, Planning and Deployment, Treasury Bank Ltd | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Simone Lagomarsino


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Simone Lagomarsino

Alias or nickname



Managing Director, Diversification, Planning and Deployment, Treasury Bank Ltd



Add Current Location



Find other people named Simone Lagomarsino




General Info


Add Industry— eg, Real Estate, Finance...



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Simone Lagomarsino is Managing Director for Diversification, Planning and Deployment of Countrywide Bank, N.A., which is a member of the Countrywide Financial Corporation (NYSE: CFC) family of companies. She is responsible for the development of new product lines for Countrywide Bank, as well as management of the Bank’s administrative and support services, including human resources, facilities and other administrative functions. In addition, she provides leadership in the design, development  
and implementation of the strategic planning process.
Lagomarsino brings the benefit of more than 20 years of financial management experience to her responsibilities. Prior to joining the Bank, Simone served as President and Chief Executive Officer for Hawthorne Financial Corporation, where she was responsible for dramatically improving shareholder value, increasing the market cap from $60 million, to more than $500 million in four years. Additionally, during her tenure, Hawthorne Savings experienced substantial core deposit and asset growth. Earlier in her career, she was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer at First Plus Bank where she was responsible for improving efficiency, accuracy and operational integrity of non-lending aspects, including asset/liability management, investments, insurance and other operational areas. Simone also held senior?level positions at Imperial Financial Group, Ventura County National Bank, Prudential Securities, Premier Bank and City National Bank.
Lagomarsino earned a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from Claremont McKenna College and a Masters in Business Administration, with an emphasis in finance, from Claremont Graduate School.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Simone Lagomarsinos on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Treasury Bank Ltd

Managing Director, Diversification, Planning and Deployment

May-2013




EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Treasury Bank Ltd








Jeri Correa










Kevin Dwyer










Thomas Lynn

Vice Chairman
















Created on Oct 31, 2008


by Spoke
 







Edited on Oct 31, 2008


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

25%




Career




Summary




Add Education



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Website or Blog



Add 3 Achievements



Add an Industry



Add a Photo



Add a Video



Add a Social Network



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1003905476" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/simone-lagomarsino-3e1429c09e597c1003905476">Simone Lagomarsino</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Simone.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More















Simone Lagomarsino | Heritage Oaks Bancorp | Email @heritageoaksbank.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Simone Lagomarsino

 Heritage Oaks Bancorp  Chief Executive Officer




export

















1222 Vine Street

El Paso de Robles (Paso Robles), CA 93446


Email format for @heritageoaksbank.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
250 - 499

Revenue:  
50 - 100 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Banks                    
SIC Code:  
                         6022  - State Commercial Banks








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A El Paso De Robles (paso Robles), CA-based organization, Heritage Oaks Bancorp is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @heritageoaksbank.com email addresses, as well as details on Simone Lagomarsino's email, the organization's Chief Executive Officer. Their profile can be found in Banks category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Simone Lagomarsino, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Simone Lagomarsino are SLagomarsino@heritageoaksbank.com, Simone.Lagomarsino@heritageoaksbank.com, Simone@heritageoaksbank.com, and Simone_Lagomarsino@heritageoaksbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@heritageoaksbank.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Simone L - Executive
Located in Washington, DC United States Air Force has Simone L serving as the organization's Operational Analyst. Need Simone L's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in United States Air Force Lead411 profile, along with their United States Air Force email addresses using the domain. Search for United States Air Force on Lead411 under the Specialty industry.  Some possible email formats for Simone L are SL@airforce.com, Simone.L@airforce.com, Simone@airforce.com, and Simone_L@airforce.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@airforce.com addresses.
Simone Laatu - Executive
Tbaytel's VP & CTIO is where Simone Laatu is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Dan Topatigh. They are based in Thunder Bay, , and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Other industry. Simone Laatu's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Tbaytel email addresses on Lead411 with the @tbaytel.net domain.  Some possible email formats for Simone Laatu are SLaatu@tbaytel.net, Simone.Laatu@tbaytel.net, Simone@tbaytel.net, and Simone_Laatu@tbaytel.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@tbaytel.net addresses.
Simone Labarga - Other




Similar Employees:
Carolyn Tulloh - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Carolyn Tulloh?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Heritage Oaks Bancorp email addresses within the @heritageoaksbank.com profile so Carolyn Tulloh's email could be included.  Carolyn Tulloh is part of the Heritage Oaks Bancorp which has its main offices in El Paso De Robles (paso Robles), CA.  Currently holds the post of First Vice President, Senior Product Development Manager.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Banks industry.  Some possible email formats for Carolyn Tulloh are CTulloh@heritageoaksbank.com, Carolyn.Tulloh@heritageoaksbank.com, Carolyn@heritageoaksbank.com, and Carolyn_Tulloh@heritageoaksbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@heritageoaksbank.com addresses.
William Schack - Finance
A Chief Credit Officer/EVP at Heritage Oaks Bancorp based in El Paso De Robles (paso Robles), CA, William Schack has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Heritage Oaks Bancorp in our Banks category. The company CEO is Lawrence Ward. There are email addresses on their profile and may include William Schack' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for William Schack.  Some possible email formats for William Schack are WSchack@heritageoaksbank.com, William.Schack@heritageoaksbank.com, William@heritageoaksbank.com, and William_Schack@heritageoaksbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@heritageoaksbank.com addresses.
Rusty Watson - Executive
Trying to find Rusty Watson's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Heritage Oaks Bancorp's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @heritageoaksbank.com contact information.  Heritage Oaks Bancorp is an organization centered in El Paso De Robles (paso Robles), CA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Banks category.  Rusty Watson is their SVP, Director of Product Development & Communications Strategy.  Some possible email formats for Rusty Watson are RWatson@heritageoaksbank.com, Rusty.Watson@heritageoaksbank.com, Rusty@heritageoaksbank.com, and Rusty_Watson@heritageoaksbank.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@heritageoaksbank.com addresses.

People Directory > Simone Lagomarsino




















   ZoomInfo Page Not Found
需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017






Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #e837a960-7086-11e7-ba3e-df7fcd752b05
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #e8701e80-7086-11e7-836e-0f5fa3152a9f
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #e8a956f0-7086-11e7-a691-c709f67f2441
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          



















Site Offline




























Site Offline

						In progress...					



123 Street, City



(00) 123-4567890



email@example.com



























