


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju - San Jose, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju in San Jose, CA


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju

                                                                           Intelius found that Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from San Jose, CA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju is in his 40s

Roop Has Lived In

San Jose, CA
Fremont, CA
Riverside, CA

Roop's Relatives

Lynn Lakkaraju
Harinaraya Lakkaraju
Syam Lakkaraju
Balatripura Lakkaraju







Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Support.com, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Roop? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Roop, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Get a Criminal Check on Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Get a Public Record Report on Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Get a People Search Report on Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju has lived as well as Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's phone numbers and email addresses.




Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju


542 J**** J**** D* 

San Jose, CA


Has Lived In

San Jose, CA
Fremont, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju

(408) ***-**** - San Jose, CA 
(650) ***-**** - Redwood City, CA 
(877) ***-**** - Milpitas, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju

r************u@***.com
r********u@***.com
r************u@***.com


Get Email Report




Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's academic history.  Find out which schools Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju Has Attended 3 Schools
San Jose State University 1990 – 1992               Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju has a Bs in Business Administration/accounting               
San Jose State University               1990 – 1992               Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju has a Bs, in Business Administration/accounting               
San Jose State University               1990 – 1992               Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju has a Bs, Business Administration/accounting in Business Administration/accounting               


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's Professional Information
Information regarding Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's professional history.  Find out previous places Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju Has Worked at 14 Places
Company: Support.com, Inc.
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Support.com, Inc.
               Title: Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Support.com, Inc.
Job Details
               Support.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPRT) is the leading provider of cloud-based software and services to deliver next-generation technical support. Support.com helps leading brands in software, electronics, communications, retail, Internet of Things (IoT) and other connected technology industries deepen their customer relationships. Customers want technology that works the way it's intended. By using Support.com software and services, companies can deliver a fantastic customer experience, leading to happier customers, greater brand loyalty and growing revenues.
Title: Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
               Company: Support.com, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju

 See Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's LinkedIn Profile



Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju


Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Roop Lakkaraju
Username Matches

                  RoopLakkaraju
                  LakkarajuRoop
                  Roop.Lakkaraju
                  Lakkaraju.Roop
                  Roop_Lakkaraju
                  Lakkaraju_Roop
                  Roop-Lakkaraju
                  Lakkaraju-Roop
                  RLakkaraju
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Lakkaraju







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











    Roop Lakkaraju | Support.com, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com









































Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju. Find out Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju address and contact details. View other people related to Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

900 CHESAPEAKE DR, 2ND FLOOR  REDWOOD CITY 94063 CA




Companies related to Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001104855Support.com, Inc.EVP, CFO & COO 900 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE 2ND FLOOR REDWOOD CITY 94063




Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju on the Web
Persons related to Roop Kalyan  Lakkaraju - Support.com, Inc.NamePositionCityROBERT CLAYTON  BARNUMSR. VP GLOBAL SERVICES REDWOOD CITYROBERT CLAYTON  BARNUMSr. VP Global Services REDWOOD CITYRADHA R  BASURADHA R  BASUDirector REDWOOD CITYRADHA R  BASUDirector REDWOOD CITYBRIAN M  BEATTIECFO and Exec VP Finance REDWOOD CITYRichard A  BloomChief Executive Officer POMPANO BEACHBLR Partners, LPHOUSTONBLRGP Inc.HOUSTONBLRPart, LPHOUSTONElizabeth  CholawskyPresident & CEO REDWOOD CITYSCOTT W  DALESCOTT W  DALEChief Technical Officer REDWOOD CITYMANUEL F  DIAZDirector REDWOOD CITYShaun  DonnellySVP Sales & Business Dev REDWOOD CITYKEVIN C  EICHLERDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWKEVIN C  EICHLERDirector REDWOOD CITYKEVIN C  EICHLERDirector REDWOOD CITYSHAWN  FARSHCHIDirector SAN JOSEShawn  FarshchiDirector REDWOOD CITYShawn  FarshchiDirector REDWOOD CITYShawn  FarshchiDirector REDWOOD CITYShawn  FarshchiDirector REDWOOD CITYShawn  FarshchiDirector REDWOOD CITYELIZABETH A  FETTERFMLP Inc.HOUSTONFondren Management LPHOUSTONMark  FriesDirector REDWOOD CITYMark  FriesDirector REDWOOD CITYMark  FriesDirector REDWOOD CITYMark  FriesDirector REDWOOD CITYCHRIS M  GREJTAKCHRIS M  GREJTAKChief Marketing Officer REDWOOD CITYLUCILLE  HOGERREDWOOD CITYBRIAN J  KELLEYDirector DANBURYChris  KovermanVP, Product & Engineering REDWOOD CITYTimothy  KrozekREDWOOD CITYRoop Kalyan  LakkarajuEVP, CFO & COO MILPITASRoop Kalyan  LakkarajuEVP, CFO & COO REDWOOD CITYRoop Kalyan  LakkarajuREDWOOD CITYCADIR B  LEECADIR B  LEESr. VP Products & Tech - CTO REDWOOD CITYCADIR B  LEESr VP Products & Tech, CTO REDWOOD CITYCLAUDE M  LEGLISEDirector REDWOOD CITYMICHAEL  LINTONDirector REDWOOD CITYMICHAEL  LINTONDirector REDWOOD CITYMICHAEL  LINTONDirector REDWOOD CITYMICHAEL  LINTONDirector REDWOOD CITYRichard  MandebergChief Revenue Officer REDWOOD CITYRichard  MandebergChief Revenue Officer REDWOOD CITYRobert G  MosesNAPLESRobert G  MosesNAPLESRobert G  MosesNAPLESMalley J Martin  ODirector REDWOOD CITYMalley J Martin  ODirector REDWOOD CITYMalley J Martin  ODirector REDWOOD CITYMalley J Martin  ODirector REDWOOD CITYMalley J Martin  ODirector REDWOOD CITYKenneth  OwyangChief Financial Officer REDWOOD CITYKenneth  OwyangChief Financial Officer REDWOOD CITYJOSHUA  PICKUSPresident & CEO REDWOOD CITYJOSHUA  PICKUSChief Executive Officer REDWOOD CITYJOSHUA  PICKUSCEO REDWOOD CITYJOSHUA  PICKUSCEO REDWOOD CITYJOSHUA  PICKUSPresident & CEO REDWOOD CITYToni  PortmannDirector REDWOOD CITYToni  PortmannDirector REDWOOD CITYBradley Louis  RadoffDirector NEW YORKRGM Capital, LLC10% Owner NAPLESRGM Capital, LLC10% Owner NAPLESLOWELL W  ROBINSONNEW YORK,ANTHONY J  RODIOChief Marketing Officer REDWOOD CITYANTHONY J  RODIOChief Operating Officer REDWOOD CITYANTHONY J  RODIOChief Operating Officer REDWOOD CITYANTHONY J  RODIOExecutive Vice President REDWOOD CITYANTHONY J  RODIOEVP COO REDWOOD CITYEDWARD S  RUSSELLEDWARD S  RUSSELLDirector MENLO PARKEDWARD S  RUSSELLDirector MENLO PARKMichael John  SayerSr. VP Worldwide Sales REDWOOD CITYMichael John  SayerExecutive Vice President REDWOOD CITYShelly B.  SchafferExecutive Vice President/CFO REDWOOD CITYShelly B.  SchafferCFO REDWOOD CITYShelly B.  SchafferExecutive Vice President REDWOOD CITYShelly B.  SchafferEVP CFO REDWOOD CITYShelly B.  SchafferEVP CFO REDWOOD CITYShelly B.  SchafferEVP CFO REDWOOD CITYJoshua  SchechterDirector BEVERLY HILLSEric  SingerDirector NEW YORK CITYTIMOTHY S  STANLEYDirector HENDERSONJim  StephensDirector REDWOOD CITYJim  StephensDirector REDWOOD CITYJim  StephensDirector REDWOOD CITYJim  StephensDirector REDWOOD CITYJim  StephensDirector REDWOOD CITYJAMES  THANOSDirector REDWOOD CITYJAMES  THANOSDirector REDWOOD CITYSICLEN JOHN  VANSr. VP Worldwide Field Oper. REDWOOD CITYVertex Capital Advisors, LLCNEW YORKVertex GP, LLCNEW YORKVertex Opportunities Fund, LPNEW YORKDICK  WILLIAMSDirector INCLINE VILLAGEDICK  WILLIAMSDirector SAN FRANCISCOGregory J  WrennSVP, GC & Secretary CUPERTINOGregory J  WrennSVP, GC & Secretary REDWOOD CITY












 









LAKKARAJU ROOP KALYAN Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      LAKKARAJU ROOP KALYAN
                    

•   REDWOOD CITY, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Lakkaraju Roop Kalyan is based out of Redwood City.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from LAKKARAJU ROOP KALYAN, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




lakkaraju roop kalyan


900 CHESAPEAKE DR, 2ND FLOOR

REDWOOD CITY
CA
                                                        
                                                    94063









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/15/2016
4 filed on 11/01/2016
4 filed on 05/17/2016
4 filed on 02/11/2016
4 filed on 11/02/2015
4 filed on 08/04/2015
4 filed on 05/15/2015
4 filed on 02/12/2015
4 filed on 12/11/2014
4 filed on 11/17/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















     Bala Lakkaraju in San Jose, California - 1 Record Found                                            First Name:      Last Name:      Location:   All States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming      This is me Searching for yourself?     View Record          Home     People Search         Last Name (L)         Bala Lakkaraju            Bala Lakkaraju: 1 Match! We located Bala Lakkaraju in San Jose, California. Find the Bala Lakkaraju you're looking for by clicking the link below:  I want more information on Bala Lakkaraju >>              Our top match for Bala Lakkaraju is an individual named Bala S Lakkaraju, related to H S Lakkaraju, Harinaraya S Lakkaraju, Harinarayana S Lakkaraju, Lynn Chang Lakkaraju, Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju, and Syam Manohar Lakkaraju. We found Bala in San Jose, CA, 95123.         Name   Bala S Lakkaraju     Locations   San Jose, California, in zip codes 95123 and 95124.   Estimated Household Income Based On Census Data$100,000 - $149,999   Relatives   H S, Harinaraya S, Harinarayana S, Lynn Chang, Roop Kalyan,  and Syam Manohar Lakkaraju     Telephone Number(s)   (408) 226-0496      View Record            Search Our Index of Common Last Names   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz     



  

Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 8 mins.S&P 5002,477.35+7.44 (+0.30%)Dow 3021,619.76+106.59 (+0.50%)The Final RoundS&P 500, Nasdaq poised to close at record highsLive at 3:55 p.m. ETInsider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-7 of 7 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsSPRT2016-11-131,000$640.00Purchase at $0.64 per share.SPRT2016-10-3026,717$22,442.00Disposition (Non Open Market) at $0.84 per share.SPRT2016-10-2971,094N/AOption Execute at $0.00 per share.SPRT2016-05-121,000$1,000.00Purchase at $0.70 - $0.70 per share.SPRT2015-10-2926,717$31,000.00Disposition (Non Open Market) at $1.16 - $1.16 per share.SPRT2015-10-2971,094N/AOption Execute at $0.00 per share.SPRT2015-08-0312,300$15,000.00Purchase at $1.22 - $1.22 per share.By a hair, Senate votes to debate GOP health care billAssociated PressCalifornia Approves Cheaper WindowsModernizeSponsoredDonald Trump thinks Jeff Bezos is his biggest threatYahoo FinanceYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)





Support.com's (SPRT) CEO Elizabeth Cholawsky on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Support.com's (SPRT) CEO Elizabeth Cholawsky on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.29.15 | About: Support.com, Inc. (SPRT) Support.com (NASDAQ:SPRT)
Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call
July 29, 2015, 16:30 PM ET
Executives
Greg Wrenn - Secretary, Senior Vice President-Business Affairs and General Counsel
Elizabeth Cholawsky - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating and Financial Officer
Analysts
Chad Bennett - Craig Hallum
Jim Fitzgerald - Northland Capital Markets
Nick Farewell - Arbor Group
Kyle Packer - Private Investor
Arthur Winston - Pilot Advisors
Steve Barger - Private Investor
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Support.com Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call maybe recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Greg Wrenn, General Counsel. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Wrenn
Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Joining me here today is Elizabeth Cholawsky, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Roop Lakkaraju, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that our remarks today will include forward-looking statements about our future financial results and other matters. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations. These risks are detailed in today’s press release and the reports we filed with the SEC, all of which can be found at the Investor Relations page of our website at www.support.com.
I would also like to point out that we will present certain non-GAAP information on this call. All numbers presented today are non-GAAP unless otherwise stated. The reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is included with today’s press release and also on our Investor Relations web page. The statements we’ll make in this conference call are based on information we know of as of today. And we assume no obligation to update any of these statements.
With that, I’ll turn it over to our President and CEO, Elizabeth Cholawsky.
Elizabeth Cholawsky
Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon everyone and welcome. I will start with some key financial results and then talk in more detail about what has happened during the quarter. Our revenue for the second quarter of 2015 was $20.6 million which was in line with our guidance of $20 million to $21 million. Our non-GAAP loss from continuing operations came in at $0.03 per share which was better than our guidance of a $0.05 to $0.08 loss per share.
I am pleased with the operational efficiencies we drove in Q2 and Roop will discuss this in more details later in the call. I will be updating you on our achievements for services and Nexus.
As you know we have been focused on growing and diversifying our services area. We are seeing results. Today we will discuss new wins with Staples and original service provider, contract extensions with both Suddenlink and Dish, expansion of Comcast, Xfinity Home program and becoming the chosen vendor for a major North American service provider.
We have also made progress with Nexus in many areas. We have added customers, extended the product functionality and grown the pipeline from our direct sales efforts and our channel partners. I will give you details on all of these subjects later in the call.
Let's start with our services program. I am excited to welcome Staples back as a customer of Support.com. We have entered a new agreement to provide Staples brand at technology support services that will be sold both online and in their stores nationwide. Our program with Staples was launched quickly and already can be found on service part within their stores. This is a national program and although the current program is smaller than the work we previously did with Staples we are delighted about reestablishing our relationship with this premier brand.

Also during Q2 we competed in a request for proposal process for a service program with a major North American service provider. We were selected as their chosen partner. In this relationship we will support this partner's premium tech support subscribers. This program is a kin to our traditional premium tech support programs which tend to carry higher gross margin than our current corporate average. We are currently negotiating the final contract terms. As we look into 2016, this program will have the potential to be one of our top three services programs and contribute at multimillion dollar level to the topline.
We also made progress with our existing clients in Q2 Suddenlink who became a customer in early 2014 continues to do well in growing their SMB subscriber base. This offering packages tech support with their broadband services.
Now, certainly have signed multi-year contract extension with us continuing our relationship into 2018. The strong partnership with Suddenlink position us well for more opportunities with other regional service providers. In fact during Q2, we acquired a similar customer to Suddenlink, a regional service provider in the Caribbean, who will be bundling tech support services with their higher tier broadband offerings.
We’re looking forward to supporting another partner as I use this proven successful model of bundling services with product to grow their business. And also pleased to report that our agreement with this has been expanded on two fronts. First, this has extended our agreement for two years. In addition, this has us to support expansion of their business into the home automation IoT market. Importantly, we will use our Nexus IoT capabilities to deliver this service. This is another example of brand name customers are allowing on Support.com for expertise and the emerging market of IoT.
Turning to Comcast, as I mentioned in our Q1 call. Comcast have been undertaking efforts to improve their customers experience with wireless gateways. As a result, this is reducing the volume of calls we support. As expected during Q2, we began to see the effect of the wireless gateway improvement efforts. Based on our current understanding, we now expect to reduce call volume to continue and you’ll see this reflected in our guidance. As for Xfinity Home program it continues to grow. In fact most recently Comcast has expanded our service program to include the support of additional Internet of Things devices and to provide consulting services to help graph this broader programming.
Our support of activities within IoT whether for Comcast or other customers. Again reinforces our leadership in the IoT area. Our relationship with Comcast, which is in it’s this year now strong. We continue to perform at or above the key metrics by which Comcast hold this accountable including achieving top mark for their voice of the customer metric.
Looking ahead to Q4 2015 and fiscal year 2016, we expect Comcast to remain our largest services customer. I’m proud of my teams Q2 performance, we manage the changes in the Comcast wireless gateway program and improve Q1 services margins. At the same time, we may progress on diversifying our services customer base both by adding new customer logo and by expanding the nature of our services within our existing customer based.
During Q2, we also may good progress with our SaaS offerings Nexus. We advance in many areas including increased adoption of the products by our current customers, the acquisition of new customers increased to market reach, the release of additional functionality in the product and further development of Nexus strategic initiatives. Nexus customers continue grow active users increased by 30%, average number of week recession another important metric grew at close to 70%, which shows that overtime customers acquiring increased value from Nexus.

As I mentioned on previous call tracking customer usage is important and engage of realize value and product sickness. Seen our customers use to products more and more reinforces our belief the Nexus is delivering value in the market. Our go-to-market effort has expanded. In addition to our direct sales channel, we also have a productive partner program for Nexus. Within the partner program, the referral channel has produced its first do Nexus customers and there are more Nexus prospects and the pipeline as a result of referral. We also seeing continue demand from companies who want to become Nexus referral partners. With our latest referral partner being lean and D&L a consultancy for mobile virtual network operators. As you may remember from the last earnings call, we see the needs of the mobile virtual network operators has been particularly well met by the capabilities of Nexus and the MVNO market as a sizable and growing market opportunity.
In Q2, we further extended Nexus capabilities with the release of our software development kit or SDK. The SDK provides the ability to incorporate Nexus capabilities natively into mobile apps. With the SDK, it's easy to embed Nexus help into an app allowing users to push one button and get directly to an agent or in the near future help themselves by running selected guided tabs. The SDK will be particularly important for our continued growth in the IoT market since almost all IoT platforms are controlled by a mobile app.
For example, one customer who supports mobile devices has their own app residing on the mobile device which allows their end users to perform self-diagnosis before engaging with the live agent. Before using Nexus, if a user needed help, they have to enter in our actions within the app and engage with the agent via telephone call thus disrupting the user's experience. Now, with the Nexus SDK, the user is provided with contextual support where they are at the moment in the app and it creates continuity between the activity history of the user in the app and the information the agent has presented when they answer the request for support. Assistance is now given to the user wherever they are in the product journey, which is a different and necessary evolution of the old support mindset. It's great to see Nexus in the forefront of this evolution.
Finally, I would like to talk briefly about our plans for expanding Nexus into the self service support market. Due to the changing dynamics of the support market, self service capabilities are important for any well rounded support offering. Demand for self service is growing rapidly as shown by [indiscernible] Research reporting that all types of self-service have increased substantially from 2012 to 2014, while phone interactions have remained stagnant. Almost half of the $1.3 billion support interaction optimization market is attributable to customer self-service.
The Nexus solution for customer self-service takes the core value of the product guided paths which embody the best agent troubleshooting expertise and puts them directly in the hands of the end user. We're also building the capability into our self-service to escalate to an agent if you get stuck on a step in the guided paths. When the agent engages to offer help, they would know exactly where the user got into trouble and what else they've tried to resolve their issue. We feel that both the expert help available through guided paths and the ability to have an agent assisted self-service experience will further differentiate Nexus in the market. Customers and prospects are telling us that these capabilities have the potential to break through the chronic problems of low customer satisfaction and poor issue resolution that have dogged the success of self service offerings. Look for the release of Nexus self service capabilities by the end of the year.

As you remember from Q1, our goal is to exit the year with Nexus annual recurring revenue of at least $1 million and between 1,300 and 1,700 agent licenses. Our teams have been laser focused and working hard towards these objectives. With the progress we were making on all Nexus fronts, we remain committed and optimistic that we will meet our year end goals for Nexus.
Turning to the team we have in place, we recently announced the addition of Alex Poulos as Vice President of Marketing. Alex brings a 20 year pedigree as a marketing and business leader with the particular focus on SaaS. We also welcome our new Vice President and General Counsel, Michelle Johnson, a 15 year veteran of in-house Silicon Valley legal positions most recently as Managing Counsel at Oracle for the last seven years. Both Alex and Michelle bring unique skills to the team and I know they will have an immediate impact. And as you may have seen, our long serving Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Greg Wrenn will be leaving Support.com. These are scintillating introductions to our earnings call which I know you will all miss. Greg have made enumerable contributions to our company and it is with great sadness that we will say goodbye. Greg is relocating with a family to Seattle, Washington for personal family reasons and will be returning to private path practice.
Before I close, I would like to remind you that we will be hosting an Investor Day in Redwood City, California on Thursday, September 10. During that day, you’ll be able to meet our senior executive team as well as hear directly from our customers and our partners. We will go into more depth on our services area and on Nexus including showcasing its features and functionality via product demos. I look forward to seeing many of you in person out here on the West Coast or via webcast for those you that cannot make it in person. Q2 was a dynamic quarter with some big news on new services programs and good progress on Nexus. 
We would now like to discuss our financials and for that let me turn the call over to Roop.
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Thanks, Elizabeth. Total revenue for Q2 was 20.6 million compared to 20.2 million in Q2 2014 and 23.2 million in Q1 2015. Services revenue for the quarter was 19.3 million compared to 18.7 million in Q2 of 2014 and 21.9 million in Q1 of 2015. Services revenue increased year-over-year due to higher revenue from Comcast, primarily driven by the growth in Xfinity Home program. The sequential decrease from Q1 2015 is primarily due to the traditional seasonality with Office Depot and the impact of Comcast wireless gateway customer experience improvement efforts which as expected reduced our productive hours. Software and other revenue was 1.3 million in Q2 2015, 1.4 million in Q2 2014 and 1.3 million in Q1 2015.
The Q2 2015 revenue mix was 94% services and 6% software, which is fairly consistent with Q2 2014 of 93% services and 7% software and Q1 2015 of 94% services and 6% software. In Q2, both Comcast and Office Depot contributed more than 10% of total revenue.
Overall, non-GAAP gross margin for Q2 was 23% compared to 28% in Q2 2014 and 20% in Q1 2015. In Q2, non-GAAP services gross margin was 18% compared to 24% in Q2 2014 and 16% in Q1 2015. The sequential improvement from Q1 2015 to Q2 2015 is primarily due to increased productivity in our contact center operations from Comcast, Xfinity Home and wireless gateway programs. Non-GAAP software gross margin was 90% in Q2 2015, 84% in Q2 2014 and 89% in Q1 2015. Total non-GAAP operating expenses in Q2 2015 came in at 6.4 million an increase from 5.1 million in Q2 2014 and 6.1 million in Q1 2015. The year-over-year and sequential increase is the result of our previously stated plans to make incremental investment in go-to-market capabilities and in Nexus development. 

On a non-GAAP basis, loss from continuing operations for Q2 was 1.6 million or $0.03 per share. This was $0.02 better than our non-GAAP EPS guidance range of a loss of $0.05 to $0.08 due to the increased productivity in our contact center operations and prudent management of our operating expenses even while investing in go-to-market capabilities and in Nexus product development.
On a GAAP basis, loss from continuing operations includes a one-time non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 14.2 million and an associated tax benefit of 1.3 million. During Q2, we identified a goodwill impairment charge based on various qualitative factors which included among others the continuing decline in the company's market capitalization resulting in an excess the book value of the company's net assets compared to the estimated value of these as of June 30, 2015. This was a non-cash charge that does not affect our revenue, cash flow or business operations.
We do not anticipate incurring meaningful federal or state income taxes for the foreseeable future as a result of our net operating loss carry forwards. However, to the extent that we have future taxable income, the company will be subject to alternative minimum taxes in certain tax paying jurisdictions.
Turning now to the balance sheet, total cash, cash equivalents and investments were 71.8 million at June 30, 2015 compared to 73 million at March 31, 2015. DSOs for the quarter were 58 days as compared to 60 days in the prior quarter. At June 30, less than 1% of our outstanding receivables were greater than 90 days old.
Deferred revenue was 2.3 million at June 30 compared to 2.6 million at March 31. Total headcount at June 30, 2015 was 1,990 consisting of 220 corporate employees and 1,770 work from home technicians. This compares to the March 31 headcount of 2,317 consisting of 212 corporate employees and 2,105 work from home technicians. In addition to our work from home technicians, we use contract labor in our operations.
Turning to guidance. For the third quarter of 2015, we expect our revenue range to be between 17 million to 18.5 million. Our guidance reflects the anticipated impact of customer experience improvement efforts within the wireless gateway program. For Q3, we expect that revenue mix of 93% services and 7% software. We expect the overall non-GAAP gross margin to be in the low 20s as a result of investing in new program launches that will be occurring in the second half of 2015. 
As you recall, when launching new services programs we typically invest ahead of revenue. Therefore, we will be investing throughout Q3 and in Q4 and we expect to see revenue from these new programs starting later in Q4. We expect our non-GAAP software gross margin to be approximately 88% and non-GAAP operating expenses to increase sequentially by approximately 5% to 8% as we continue to invest in go-to-market capabilities and in Nexus development. Based on the foregoing, our outlook for Q3 non-GAAP results from continuing operations is a loss of $0.05 per share to $0.07 per share. It's important to note that our services and end user software areas provide positive gross profit dollars. These positive gross profit dollars are being invested in our go-to-market initiatives and in our Nexus product development.
As we've previously discussed, our quarterly non-GAAP results are generally indicative of a cash usage or cash generation excluding capital expenditures which have not been significant historically. However, during Q3, we do expect to incur between 2.5 million to 3 million of non-recurring capital expenditures related to certain leasehold improvements and data center equipment purchases.
In summary, Q2 saw solid execution within our contact center operations, we continue to see our end user software deliver strong margins that deliver positive cash flow and we saw Nexus gaining momentum. All are maintaining a healthy cash balance which is necessary as we continue to execute on our strategy.

With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Cholawsky
In ending this call, I would like to leave you with some food for thought. We've all seen in the past month that Support.com has been ascribed a very low enterprise value, with our stock trading at or just above cash. We believe that the market is not properly valuing our our company and its assets. Our fundamental business is sound with profitable name brand services programs and many other assets that Roop has mentioned. We've progressed on the goals that I've discussed with you over the last five quarters, including service program diversification, creation of a product company and growth of the SaaS offering. We have a bright future as a premier SaaS and services company in the growing support market. As we're able to better educate our constituents about these facts and our vision and execute on our plans, I believe that we will all be appropriately rewarded.
Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions. 
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chad Bennett of Craig Hallum. Your line is open.
Chad Bennett
So just on Comcast, can you give us a sense or as a percentage of revenue where they are today? Obviously, you gave Q3 guidance, so I guess we only have one quarter left in the year, but where you would think they would exit the year, and whether or not you think Comcast revenue is still a headwind into '16?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Yes, so you had a number of different things in there Chad, that I trying and hit them one by one. In terms of Comcast, we see them continuing to make positive strides on their customer experience improvement efforts and obviously that's reflected in our Q3 guidance here. We do believe as we look forward even with those continuing efforts and the traction that they're gaining there that they will be our largest customer in Q4 and into 2016. It's hard for us to predict exactly where they're going to land. We still get the forecast and that we manage the program by, but we're trying to give as much understanding as we have based on our conversations with them and as they continue to make strides in their efforts.
Chad Bennett
So on the new partners or the expanded relationships that you announced for example, Staples, I know Staples has been around for a long time. It's never really taken off. What's kind of changed with this program and what -- I guess the main question is, are the efforts we're putting in to expanded partnerships and new partnerships on the services side of the business, ever going to actually -- I mean none of these relationships -- so, are they ever going to turn into real partner programs?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Yes so, maybe just to start -- I will start and Elizabeth you jump in please. Staples, Chad, was a 10% customer in past year as I think in 2010, 2011 even 2012; where they were a 10% customer. We can't say that they're going to be a 10% customer now. However, what we are very happy with is the fact that they've reengaged with us even though this initial program maybe small. And we think that that -- we continue to talk to them about other potential opportunities and we also think that that's a favorable thing as it relates to the Office Depot side of things and any potential transaction that may or may not occur there. With all that said and as we've indicated in our prepared remarks, even though we're still in negotiations with the service provider that we mentioned in our comments, we did also mention that we do anticipate or believe that they can be a top-three customer as we move forward. With all that said, it does take time for the subscription type programs to ramp. And as we've indicated we're investing for those ramps here in the second half of this year and we'll see that gain towards full ramp into 2016. Elizabeth?

Elizabeth Cholawsky
That was great, that was great Roop.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Mike Latimore of Northland Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jim Fitzgerald
This is Jim Fitzgerald standing for Mike Latimore. So it sounds like the new SaaS initiative is ramping pretty well. How do you guys use a personnel you have there, do you feel like you have any other key hires you have to make or you guys are pretty set as far as personnel?
Elizabeth Cholawsky
Yes, I have been building out the team since I got here, little over a year ago now, and I feel like we’ve got a really strong bench, because I’ve really focused on adding executives that have knowledge in the product space and can really execute with the strategy that we’ve got. And as you heard on our call, we just added our new VP of Marketing, Alex Poulos and we also have Michelle Johnson, who has joined us as Vice President and General Council. So I think that pretty rounds out the executive team for the time being and I think we are good to go.
Jim Fitzgerald
Okay. Great and then you guys might have might have mentioned this on comment but when wil that new Staples service start and is that across all stores. And then certainly kind of a third part, so it's kind of a long question, but is the pricing similar in the Staple service as what we see in other retail situations, other retail customers?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Yes, I think the pricing, you can say it's similar to other retail situation. It is a national program, and we’ve had a small part of it actually launched already here in the third quarter, and the other aspects that will launch here in very near term.
Jim Fitzgerald
And do you guys have any essence of the call volume and the agents that maybe needed to support that relationship?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
We are still working through exactly what that volume maybe. It's a subscription in incident based type of program similar to other premium tech support programs we’ve had historically and similar to what we’ve had with them previously, specifically. So it's hard to say we’re still kind of doing that business planning and then trying to understand what that looks like as we move forward, which is part of the investments we’re making.
Jim Fitzgerald
Great and then last question from me. What appear to be the best channels so far for Nexus?
Elizabeth Cholawsky
Yes, first and foremost that channel is the direct sales channel. And I think that's true of any new product to the market as you need all that knowledge coming back directly into the product development and product management team. So we get that going on. And I think mentioned last call or the call before that we focused in the first half for the year building up that team. So we’ve got that up and running and certainly that's the one that's most productive. If I look at the alliance and partnership program that's a little earlier on than our direct channel, but I’m pleased that's so quickly really, I think we announced that in February, March of this year. And very quickly we’ve got partners that have joined the program that are starting to actually give us new customers for Nexus. So that one will take a longer time to ramp up, but generally a channel partner for SaaS product there for a couple of years, becomes more and more important which is why I wanted to started early.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Nick Farewell with Arbor Group Your line is open.
Nick Farewell
I just wanted to follow-up on your cash flow comments or at least in your initial projections for the third quarter. I want to make sure that I understand them correctly. If I look at first and second quarter, you basically burned $2 million, if I did it correctly, from operations. Going into the third quarter, I believe if I have done my math correctly, you are talking about roughly losing about 3 million, on an operating basis based on your guidance and spending another $2.5 to $3 million on CapEx, am I accurate in that interpretation?

Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Yes, Nick this is Roop. It's good to hear from you. Yes, I think the way you’ve just summarized that, it's the right way to put it together. And just remember our guidance range $0.05 to $0.07; so just doing it approximately 54 million shares, you can kind of do the math there. Yes, just little more than 2.5 million to $0.07, call it more like 2.8, 3.8 million if you look from a non-GAAP perspective, but otherwise it's head-on.
Nick Farewell
So something like a burn of 6 million. And again I’m not holding to the number I’m looking at is an approximate placeholder?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
That's right and again, yes 2.5 to 3 of it is associate with non-recurring capital expenditures for expansion equipment refresh for our data center operations and then some leasehold improvements that we needed to do for regulatory.
Nick Farewell
Right, and that's the having had the opportunity visit the Redwood City facility, I'm curious does that suggest even though your headcount is up slightly with corporate that you're going to have additional headcount that you need to support and you're expanding your footprint or just building it out?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
I don’t think you should read into anything other than our office is here are updated and there is some refresh that we need to do and just general aesthetics to make for a good environment especially here in the Valley.
Nick Farewell
So if you take the third quarter guidance, can you provide us some sense of what the fourth quarter burn rate would've might approximately?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
It's really hard at this point in time. That's why we only gave one quarter guidance and as we've always done that. And part of it is due to some of the churns in Comcast and that the forecast that we received which are short in nature. So it really is hard to try and provide an extrapolation into the fourth quarter of what does guidance look like or what does revenue look like, these sort of things.
Nick Farewell
Let me ask maybe slightly differently then, if you look at over the next year and for planning purposes presumably you at least try to understand what '16 might look like with the whole company and specifically Comcast. Is there a natter in your outlook through '16 or '17 with respect to your Comcast absolute numbers, not relative?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
In our prepared remarks we've indicated that we expect or believe that Comcast will continue to be our largest customer and I think that's probably one aspect to hang your hat on. And then of course we've got some new programs that would be ramping here in the second half of the year. And we continue to have a good pipeline of new prospects or potential prospects on services and obviously the Nexus side of the business as well, and so all of those will contribute towards the financial makeup of 2016. And the other thing to remind everyone is these new services programs do have gross margins that are above our corporate average and I think about it as kind of north of 25 points, that's what we're targeting, which overtime along with Nexus and yet having SaaS margins, will start to allow our gross margins to climb as we move forward.
Nick Farewell
Thank you, and just one additional question. When I look at the first and second quarter services volume going from 22 to in essence 19 or declining 2 million sequentially and your gross profit was the same obviously suggesting enhanced gross profit margins. Can you -- what accounts for that? Is it purely productivity? Is it mix? What are the factors? And to what degree it's estimated?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
As a matter of fact, there's mix in there. And remember, in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter, we've indicated that we were investing in XFINITY Home ramps and these sorts of things. We've now seen some of that ramp as we've commented in our discussion here today. So we've got higher productivity as well as the mix aspect, so both of those contribute to the overall margin profile from a quarter-to-quarter perspective.

Nick Farewell
Would you expect that to continue at least going into the third quarter?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Well we continuously strive and drive towards operational efficiencies. I think we purposefully called out with these new wins that we have investments that we'll need to make ahead of revenue and so they will put some downward pressure on our margins as historically has been the case when we're ramping especially subscription or incident based programs or premium technical support type programs and that's the case here for the second half of the year.
Nick Farewell
So that means instead of the second quarter's 18% it may be closer to first quarter '16 just as a rough approximation?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Yes, we've given the guidance right margin profile if you will and I think that that's a good way to think about our profile for Q3.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Kyle Packer [ph], Private Investor. Your line is open.
Kyle Packer
You guys talked during the phone, mainly about the market under valuating the enterprise and what conversation you guys have had internally about redeploying excess capital?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
I mean it something that on a regular basis, the management team and the Board evaluate in terms of the best use of our capital and cash in particular obviously. As you can see and as we’ve commented on, we continue to invest both in services as well as Nexus and we believe that Nexus has place in the marketplace and solves some business need or addresses some business need and we feel along with the Board that the best use of capital is to invest that back into the business and the company overall and that’s what we’re doing.
Kyle Packer
Even with aggressive, what I would say will be aggressive deployment plans for capital. You still have what appear to be a lot of excess?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
I guess it’s a judgment call and again as we invest and we’re in a nascent time with Nexus, it’s just launched really in the fourth quarter of 2014. We’ve got product development efforts that we are working through and go-to-market capabilities that are being built. And the other aspect is that we have indicated that when opportunities arise related to acquisitions that we want to be in a position to take advantage of that. And technology companies many times utilize acquisitions to help support product development and as well as expansion in market places.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Arthur Winston of Pilot Advisors. Your line is open.
Arthur Winston
It seems like your major program Comcast will be down approximately 2 million or so in this current third quarter. I’m wondering what part of your Comcast business is not this program and what part of the Comcast business is what we’re losing out on?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
We’ve got two primary programs with Comcast. It’s a wireless gateway and the Xfinity Home. We don’t breakout specifically on a program-by-program level. What we have indicated is that the wireless gateway is the larger program, then Xfinity Home, however as indicated by our 8-Ks within the quarter and even in prior quarter, we have some expansion with Xfinity Home, which we’re very happy with and I think speaks to the strength of our overall Comcast relationship and especially our relationships with the Xfinity Home business unit.
With all that said; the customer experience improvement efforts of Comcast are across their entire business if you will, and we follow them for their efforts around that. And with all that said we’re focused on execution with them. And we are one of their top vendors from an operational metric standpoint and as indicated in our prepared remarks we received the highest marks for the voice of customer metric. So we’ve got a very strong relationship with Comcast overall.

Arthur Winston
Could you give some idea what your revenue growth was either in the second quarter or will be in third quarter excluding this one program. In other words if you've never heard to this one program would your revenues be growing?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
I mean, again we don’t provide forward-looking guidance on customer concentration. I’m Sorry? 
Arthur Winston
Take the second quarter without any forward-looking guidance.
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
As it relates to non-Comcast revenue, and did it grow?
Arthur Winston
Not, in the one program, the good part of the Comcast plus everything else.
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
The good part of a Comcast; I mean Comcast overall, I’m sorry, maybe I misunderstanding your question.
Arthur Winston
Well these two programs there. One is being cut back and right we saw, and the rest of the Comcast is allegedly increasing. Correct?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Yes.
Arthur Winston
So if you had that one -- if you get the one program, are we growing?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Again, we’re not going to breakout program-by-program.
Arthur Winston
At the end of the year, you got to break it out, you have no choice.
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
Actually what we’re required to do is, provide those greater than 10%, which we do disclose, which is Office Depot and Comcast. Beyond that we haven’t historically talked about it on a program-by-program level, and at this point in time we do not intend to do so either. 
Arthur Winston
Is the company growing?
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
I mean we have Nexus that is growing, right?
Arthur Winston
Right.
Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju
We have new programs that we have just won that will be ramping. So we have new services areas that are coming online in the second half as we have indicated in our prepared remarks.
Operator
Our next question comes from line of Steve Barger, Private Investor. Your line is open.
Q - Steve Barger
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just going back to that comment about the market undervaluing the business. Just broadly speaking, do you think it's undervalued because you have clear line of sight on the investments you are making and generating higher revenue? You think the trends in the base business lead you to see a return to positive cash flow generation? Where is the disconnect?
Elizabeth Cholawsky
So here's how I look at it. So the big dynamic that was talked about -- or a dynamic over the last two quarters has been what's happening with wireless gateway. But if you look at what we measure kind of a growth in long-term, goodness of the company on, there is a lot of progress we have made and I talked about it in the call today. On top of that our initiatives, both diversification of the programs and the growing new premium technology support programs as well as Nexus have a higher margin than what we are seeing for the last couple of three or four quarters at Support.com.
So if you put all those things together and you look at the trajectory for the execution of our strategy in the medium to longer term and you have got a business that is very well positioned to be a premier service in SaaS business. So I look at all that and then I look as being value of the cash and I do think there is a disconnect; as I said as we go out and educate more and really talk about this more and can talk about more of the diversification, I am helping with that education in the market and executing quarter-over-quarter, will change how we are being valued.
Steve Barger
Understood, and I hear what you are saying about wanting to invest in the business first with the cash. But if the management team you have in place and the operational initiatives you have undertaken truly mark an operational bottom, there will never be a better time to buy the stock. And if you really want to reward shareholders that might be an excellent way just to use a part of that cash balance to really help out the people who've been with you for a long period of time.

Elizabeth Cholawsky
We have talked I think earlier on this call a little bit about what our feeling is and our current point of view on cash usage and what the best use of cash is right now. So we continue to evaluate that, but for right now the consensus of the executive team with the board is that is investing in the strategy and investing in our business is going to give the return to our shareholders.
Operator
I am showing no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Elizabeth Cholawsky, CEO, for any further remarks.
Elizabeth Cholawsky
Thanks everyone for the time you took today to listen to the call. And I hope to see many of you in September at [indiscernible] City. Bye for today.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Internet Software & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SPRT TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology Stocks4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Today, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•3 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Today, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•4 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Today, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFAExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Today, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•1 CommentPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•1 CommentAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•4 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Today, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•25 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Today, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•6 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•9 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Today, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•3 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•20 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Today, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•9 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Today, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•1 CommentRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Today, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•6 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Today, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•75 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•13 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating Users And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•46 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•20 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Today, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•10 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•5 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•9 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•30 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•66 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•25 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•12 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•119 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•14 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•5 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•48 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•18 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•20 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•34 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•78 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•30 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•180 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•14 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•16 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•9 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•18 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•26 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•29 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•20 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•3 CommentsAkamai: CEO's Second Million-Dollar Share Purchase Inspires ConfidenceAKAM• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsCorning: Flying High Into Earnings (With An Acquisition And More)GLW• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•45 CommentsVeeva Systems: Beware The PrecipiceVEEV• Yesterday, 5:28 AM • John DiCecco•12 CommentsQualcomm Vs. Apple:  Which Is The Better Buy Now?AAPL, QCOM• Yesterday, 12:23 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•52 CommentsEarnings Preview: Can Box Stay Cash-Flow Positive?BOX• Yesterday, 12:02 AM • Feria Investor•1 CommentBlackBerry's Secure Enterprise File Sync & Share 'Fact Check'BBRY• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:48 PM • KIA Investment Research•119 CommentsEarnings Preview For Advanced Micro DevicesAMD• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:30 PM • Chris Lau•74 CommentsQualcomm Is A BuyQCOM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:47 PM • PendragonY•126 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lamb Weston Holdings' (LW) CEO Thomas Werner on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LW•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quest Diagnostics' (DGX) CEO Stephen Rusckowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DGX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AK Steel Holding (AKS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newmont Mining (NEM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Agree Realty's (ADC) CEO Joey Agree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ADC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JBLU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SUPERVALU (SVU) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SVU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Caterpillar (CAT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Centene Corporation's (CNC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hubbell's (HUBB) CEO Dave Nord on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUBB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Graphic Packaging Holding's (GPK) CEO Michael Doss on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPK•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Logitech International's (LOGI) CEO Bracken Darrell on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LOGI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wabtec Corporation's (WAB) CEO Ray Betler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Core Laboratories' (CLB) CEO David Demshur on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:08 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




JAKKS Pacific's (JAKK) CEO Stephen Berman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JAKK•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Select Income's (SIR) Management on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hexcel's (HXL) CEO Nick Stanage on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TransUnion's (TRU) CEO Jim Peck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TRU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Norsk Hydro ASA's (NHYDY) CEO Svein Richard Brandtzaeg on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NHYDY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Watsco's (WSO) CEO Albert Nahmad on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WSO•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDermott International's (MDR) CEO David Dickson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MDR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Biogen (BIIB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BIIB•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Allegheny Technologies' (ATI) CEO Rich Harshman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ATI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NeoGenomics' (NEO) CEO Doug VanOort on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEO•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Celanese's (CE) CEO Mark Rohr on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Dassault Systèmes (DASTY) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DASTY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  2:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4434Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Insider Trading - Lakkaraju Roop Kalyan - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Lakkaraju Roop Kalyan





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-14Purchase
2016-11-154:27 pm
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
1,000
$0.6375
$637
144,159(Direct)
View


2016-05-13Purchase
2016-05-1712:32 pm
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
1,000
$0.6979
$698
98,782(Direct)
View


2015-08-04Purchase
2015-08-047:51 pm
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO &COO
12,300
$1.224
$15,055
53,405(Direct)
View


2015-05-14Purchase
2015-05-155:45 pm
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
1,000
$1.266
$1,266
41,105(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-30Exercise
2016-11-014:37 pm
N/AN/A
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
71,094
$0
169,876(Direct)
View


2016-10-30Tax Withholding
2016-11-014:37 pm
N/AN/A
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
26,717
$0.84
169,876(Direct)
View


2016-10-30Exercise
2016-11-014:37 pm
N/AN/A
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
71,094
$0
169,876(Direct)
View


2016-02-09Option Award
2016-02-114:08 pm
N/A2026-02-09
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
87,500
$0.8
87,500(Direct)
View


2016-02-09Option Award
2016-02-114:08 pm
N/A2026-02-09
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
87,500
$0.8
87,500(Direct)
View


2015-10-30Exercise
2015-11-027:52 pm
N/AN/A
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
71,094
$0
142,187(Direct)
View


2015-10-30Tax Withholding
2015-11-027:52 pm
N/AN/A
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
26,717
$1.16
142,187(Direct)
View


2015-10-30Exercise
2015-11-027:52 pm
N/AN/A
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
71,094
$0
142,187(Direct)
View


2015-02-10Option Award
2015-02-121:16 pm
N/A2025-02-10
Support.com Inc.
SPRT
Lakkaraju Roop KalyanEVP, CFO & COO
125,000
$1.85
125,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Tue, 25 Jul 2017 14:52:04 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  












    SPRT Insider Trading - support.com Inc. Transactions - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































support.com Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SPRT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

support.com Inc.



Countdown to close
 --Real time quotes
Jul 25, 2017, 3:50 p.m.


SPRT

/quotes/zigman/84320786/composite


$
2.40




Change

-0.01
-0.41%

Volume
Volume 28,756
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/84320786/composite
Previous close

$
			2.41
		


$
				2.40
			
Change

-0.01
-0.41%





Day low
Day high
$2.40
$2.47










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.89
        

            $2.94
        




















Insider Actions for support.com Inc.



 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}

Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/19/2017

Bradley Louis Radoff 
Director

18,896


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


07/19/2017

Joshua E. Schechter 
Director

18,896


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


07/19/2017

Richard A. Bloom 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

18,896


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


07/19/2017

Brian Jay Kelley 
Director

18,896


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


04/21/2017

Chris Koverman 
VP, Product & Engineering

1,070


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.23 per share.


2,386


04/21/2017

Chris Koverman 
VP, Product & Engineering

2,445


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


11/14/2016

Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju                            
EVP, CFO & COO

1,000


 
Acquisition at $0.64 per share.


640


10/31/2016

Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju                            
EVP, CFO & COO

26,717


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.84 per share.


22,442


10/31/2016

Elizabeth M. Cholawsky                            
President & CEO

5,000


 
Acquisition at $0.84 per share.


4,200


10/30/2016

Roop Kalyan Lakkaraju                            
EVP, CFO & COO

71,094


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


10/28/2016

Elizabeth M. Cholawsky                            
President & CEO

41,103


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.82 per share.


33,704


10/28/2016

Elizabeth M. Cholawsky                            
President & CEO

109,376


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


09/06/2016

Chris Koverman 
VP, Product & Engineering

5,284


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.85 per share.


4,491


09/04/2016

Chris Koverman 
VP, Product & Engineering

14,063


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


08/01/2016

Elizabeth M. Cholawsky                            
President & CEO

5,000


 
Acquisition at $0.89 per share.


4,450


05/27/2016

Jimmie E. Stephens                            
Director

12,232


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.8 per share.


9,785


05/27/2016

Toni Jo Portmann                            
Director

8,680


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.8 per share.


6,944


05/27/2016

Jimmie E. Stephens                            
Director

34,722


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/27/2016

Toni Jo Portmann                            
Director

34,722


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    










Transaction Summary
Total insider purchases and sales reported to the SEC



Timeframe
Transactions
Shares




Last 3 months



                    4
                
 Purchases



                    0
                
 Sales



75,584
0



Last 6 months



                    5
                
 Purchases



                    1
                
 Sales



78,029
1,070



Last 12 months



                    11
                
 Purchases



                    4
                
 Sales



283,562
74,174







            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Joshua E. Schechter 
Chairman




Mr. Richard A. Bloom 
President, CEO, CFO, Director & CAO




Mr. Chris  Koverman 
Vice President-Product & Engineering




Mr. Eric Brandon Singer 
Director




Mr. Brian Jay Kelley 
Director




Mr. Bradley Louis Radoff 
Director




Ms. Emily  Rickman 
Vice President-Service Sales & Account Management




Mr. Jacob  Moelter 
Investor Relations Contact
















Log In




3:52 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:51pVerizon earnings: Can you hear me now? Verizon’s search for success outside wireless
3:51pSenate votes to open debate on Republican health bill as Pence breaks tie 
3:44pCal-Maine says egg production has recovered from avian flu, but demand hasn’t
3:40pA record-setting week for trying to take guns on planes and the world’s highest-paid athletes
3:39pLego Boost: The Ultimate Kid Review
3:35pInterpublic downgraded to hold from buy at CFRA
3:33pGeneral Motors downgraded to buy from strong buy at CFRA
3:31pHow an online wedding registry in my name appeared out of thin air
3:30pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
3:25pDick's Sporting Goods downgraded on concerns about e-commerce shift
3:25pHere’s how Trump could fire Robert Mueller, the special counsel 
3:24pOil jumps to 7-week high as OPEC raises hopes of market rebalancing
3:24pBarnes & Noble stock jumps 15% after investor urges it to go private
3:23pNew revenue rules mean more work for companies, big revenue for consultants and auditors
3:19pSeagate Technology downgraded to hold from buy at Benchmark
3:18pWhat you can learn from Jared Kushner’s ad hoc approach to meetings
3:18pHCA’s weak quarter speaks to a long-term trend: People are going to the doctor less
3:13p‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
3:12p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
3:09pPence votes to break tie on motion to proceed 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,620.54

+107.37
+0.50%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.25

+1.45
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.40

+7.49
+0.30%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































