










Frederic Landtmeters - President & Chief Executive Officer at Molson Coors Canada, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Frederic Landtmeters
President & Chief Executive Officer at Molson Coors Canada, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Frederic Landtmeters
President & Chief Executive Officer at Molson Coors Canada, Inc.



 Overview



Age



43
                                  (Born 1974)
                                              




Notable Companies


Molson Coors Canada, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 161 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




The Globe and Mail (Canada)
July 6, 2017





                        Molson Coors plans to build new Montreal brewery, restructure original site                     





The Globe and Mail (Canada)
April 28, 2017





                        The Exchange : Molson's import                    





Marketline Newswire
April 27, 2017





                        Molson Coors Canada to start construction on Fraser Valley brewery                    





Milwaukee Business Journal
July 26, 2016





                        Milwaukee MillerCoors executive Nettles named to Molson Coors executive team                    





Business Wire
July 25, 2016





                        Molson Coors Announces Leadership Appointments to Take Effect Upon Close of MillerCoors Acquisition                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Mark Hunter

President & Chief Executive Officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company




David Heede

Chief Financial Officer at Molson Coors Central Europe





Zbynek Kovár

General Manager at Pivovary Staropramen AS




Tracey Joubert

Global Chief Financial Officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company





Simon Cox

President & Chief Executive Officer Molson Coors Europe at Molson Coors Brewing Company




Kandy Anand

Chief Growth Officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company





Cathy Noonan

Chief Supply Chain Officer at Molson Coors Canada, Inc.




Celso L. White

Chief Supply Chain Officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company





Brenda Davis

Chief Integration Officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company




Peter S. Swinburn

President & Chief Executive Officer at Coors Brewing Company







See 151 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 151 More 


 


 Paths to Frederic Landtmeters



            Frederic Landtmeters          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Frederic Landtmeters






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Frederic Landtmeters.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Antwerp







 Career History



President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2016 - Current                


Molson Coors Canada, Inc.


                  Molson Coors Canada

Beer is our passion, our heritage and our future.

For more than 350 years we’ve been brewing, innovating and delighting the world’s drinkers. This is what gets us out of bed in the morning:

A Love of Beer

We create extraordinary, premium beer at breweries from the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the US to the storied Burton-on-Trent brewery in the UK, to Prague's celebrated brewing heritage in the Czech Republic, and the oldest brewery in Montreal, Canada. From our founding families and executive leaders, to our master brewers and our sales teams, we are a brewing company that loves what we do. And we never take it for granted.

A Passion for Building Extraordinary Brands

Our portfolio has more than 100 beer brands including Coors Light, Molson Canadian, Miller Lite, Carling and Staropramen, as well as craft and specialty beers like Blue Moon, Creemore Springs and Cobra. Ours is a long and successful history of building local and international brands inspired by the insights we gain from talking to our drinkers.

A Dedication to Innovation

As a brewing company in love with beer, we’re always looking for ways to challenge the expected and bring something new and exciting to our drinkers.  In 1959 we developed the first recyclable aluminum beer can. Today, new, cold-activated bottles and cans bring Coors Light’s Rocky Mountain cold refreshment to life around the world. Carling’s Home Draft allows drinkers to bring the great draft taste of the UK’s # 1 lager from the pub into their home. Recently we launched Molson M in Canada, the world’s only microcarbonated lager. Ane we have a well earned reputation as the most innovative brewer in Central Europe. We never stop learning from the people who drink our beer and that is what drives our innovation.

A Business Built on Responsible Practices

We care about the communities and the places where we brew and market our beers, just like you do.  We believe integrity, respect and accountability have to be a part of everything we do, everywhere we do it or it’s not worth doing. That’s how we do business and it won’t change.                




Chief Commercial Officer

                                    Current                


Molson Coors Central Europe






President & Chief Executive Officer Molson Coors Canada

                                    Current                


Molson Coors Brewing Company


                  Molson Coors Brewing Co. produces and sells beer. It brews, markets and sells a portfolio of brands such as Coors Light, Molson Canadian, Carling, Blue Moon and Keystone Light across the Americas, Europe and Asia. It operates through the following segments: the United States, Canada, Europe, and Molson Coors International (MCI). It operates in Canada through Molson Coors Canada, in the United States through MillerCoors LLC, in Europe through Molson Coors Europe and Molson Coors International operating in various other countries. It also markets and sells its brands, which include Coors, Coors 1873, Coors Extra, Coors Gold, Iceberg 9000, King Cobra, Royal Brew, and Zima. in various international markets. The company was founded in 1873 and is headquartered in Denver, CO.                




Marketing Director

                                    2006 - 2010                


Inbev Business Services Czech sro






Professional

                                    1998 - 2006                


Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd.






Professional

                                    1996 - 1998                


Procter & Gamble Australia Pty Ltd.






Chief Marketing Officer

                                    Prior                


StarBev Management Services s.r.o.


                  Starbev Management Services sro brews and distributes beer. Its products include Staropramen, Borsodi, Kamenitza, Bergenbier, Ozujsko, Jelen, Niksicko, Hoegaarden, Leffe, Lowenbrau and Stella Artois. The company was founded in December 2009 and is headquartered in Prague, Czech Republic.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Frederic Landtmeters is affiliated with
                            Molson Coors Canada, Inc., Molson Coors Central Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Company, Inbev Business Services Czech sro, Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd., Procter & Gamble Australia Pty Ltd., StarBev Management Services s.r.o..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤





















































 












Frederic Landtmeters, Molson Coors Canada Inc. President & CEO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Frederic Landtmeters
President & CEO, Molson Coors Canada Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Frederic Landtmeters at Molson Coors Canada Inc.. Frederic Landtmeters works as President & CEO , acting in a Executive Management role .  Molson Coors Canada Inc. is a leader in Beer, Ale & Soft Drinks .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


05/11/2017:


Recreational marijuana in Canada to take less than 1% out of booze sales: Study

..... The head of Molson Coors Canada, the country’s second-largest brewer, said there is conflicting data about what marijuana legalization will do to alcohol sales, but he is watching the issue closely.
“I don’t think we can say we’re worried,” Frederic Landtmeters said in an interview. “We are conscious that this is something that will come up that may have an impact......

People In This Article:
Frederic Landtmeters
 

04/30/2017:


Molson Coors breaks ground on Fraser Valley brewery, plans to compete with 'crafty liquids'

Posted: Apr 30, 2017 3:00 PM PT Last Updated: Apr 30, 2017 3:00 PM PT
Molson Coors broke ground in April on its latest brewery in Chilliwack B.C., with Liberal candidate Rich Coleman, Chilliwack mayor Sharon Gaetz, Coors Molson chief supply officer, Amy Michtich and Coors Molson president, Frederic Landtmeters. (Molson Coors)
Molson beer, a historic symbol of Montreal. 3:05
Molson Coors has broken ground on a $200-million brewery in Chilliwack B.C., in the heart of Fraser Valley hops country, where craft brewing already has a good head of foam.
.....

People In This Article:
Frederic Landtmeters
 






Learn more about Frederic Landtmeters  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Frederic Landtmeters and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved








































Frederic Landtmeters | Molson Coors | Email, President/CEO, Molson Coors Canada, @molsoncoors.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Frederic Landtmeters

 Molson Coors  President/CEO, Molson Coors Canada


Updated On : 
                    Jun 29, 2017                            

export

















1801 California Street

Denver, CO 80202


Email format for @molsoncoors.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Consumer Products->Beverages (Alcoholic)                    
SIC Code:  
                         2082  - Malt Beverages








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Frederic Landtmeters is the current President/CEO, Molson Coors Canada. You can find Frederic Landtmeters's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Molson Coors's Lead411 profile, as well as Molson Coors email addresses with the @molsoncoors.com domain format. Frederic Landtmeters's email may or may not be inside the profile.  Molson Coors is situated in Denver, CO. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Beverages (alcoholic).  Some possible email formats for Frederic Landtmeters are FLandtmeters@molsoncoors.com, Frederic.Landtmeters@molsoncoors.com, Frederic@molsoncoors.com, and Frederic_Landtmeters@molsoncoors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@molsoncoors.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Frederic L - Technology
Need to know Frederic L's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Command Alkon's Lead411 profile.  Frederic L is the R&D Engineer for Command Alkon, an organization which has its base in Vestavia Hills, AL.  One can also find Command Alkon email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @commandalkon.com url.  Software is Command Alkon's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Frederic L are FL@commandalkon.com, Frederic.L@commandalkon.com, Frederic@commandalkon.com, and Frederic_L@commandalkon.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@commandalkon.com addresses.
Frédéric L'allinec Cpa - Other
A Ottawa, ON-based organization, RA Centre Ottawa is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @racentre.com email addresses, as well as details on Frédéric L'allinec Cpa's email, the organization's Controller Assistant. Their profile can be found in Other category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Frédéric L'allinec Cpa, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Frédéric L'allinec Cpa are FL'allinec Cpa@racentre.com, Frédéric.L'allinec Cpa@racentre.com, Frédéric@racentre.com, and Frédéric_L'allinec Cpa@racentre.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@racentre.com addresses.
Frédéric L'anglais - Other
Frédéric L'anglais's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Eclipsys Solutions Inc.'s Lead411 profile and other Eclipsys Solutions Inc. email addresses with the @eclipsys.ca domain format.  He is part of Eclipsys Solutions Inc. where he serves as the Senior Consultant - Oracle Database and Engineered Systems.  Eclipsys Solutions Inc.'s main office is set in Kanata, ON. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Professional services category.  Some possible email formats for Frédéric L'anglais are FL'anglais@eclipsys.ca, Frédéric.L'anglais@eclipsys.ca, Frédéric@eclipsys.ca, and Frédéric_L'anglais@eclipsys.ca. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@eclipsys.ca addresses.



Similar Employees:
Darrin Vohs - Executive
Darrin Vohs is part of Molson Coors, an organization which has its main offices in Denver, CO.  Darrin serves as the Global Chief Information Officer at Molson Coors.  If you're searching for Molson Coors email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @molsoncoors.com along with Darrin Vohs's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Molson Coors's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Beverages (alcoholic) industry.  Some possible email formats for Darrin Vohs are DVohs@molsoncoors.com, Darrin.Vohs@molsoncoors.com, Darrin@molsoncoors.com, and Darrin_Vohs@molsoncoors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@molsoncoors.com addresses.
Teresa Van De Bogart - Executive
Trying to find Teresa Van De Bogart's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Molson Coors's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @molsoncoors.com contact information.  Molson Coors is an organization centered in Denver, CO, which you can find on Lead411 under the Beverages (alcoholic) category.  Teresa Van De Bogart is their VP Global IT Solution Delivery.  Some possible email formats for Teresa Van De Bogart are TVan De Bogart@molsoncoors.com, Teresa.Van De Bogart@molsoncoors.com, Teresa@molsoncoors.com, and Teresa_Van De Bogart@molsoncoors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@molsoncoors.com addresses.
Diana Kuettel - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Diana Kuettel?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Molson Coors email addresses within the @molsoncoors.com profile so Diana Kuettel's email could be included.  Diana Kuettel is part of the Molson Coors which has its main offices in Denver, CO.  Currently holds the post of Sr HRIS Manager.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Beverages (alcoholic) industry.  Some possible email formats for Diana Kuettel are DKuettel@molsoncoors.com, Diana.Kuettel@molsoncoors.com, Diana@molsoncoors.com, and Diana_Kuettel@molsoncoors.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@molsoncoors.com addresses.

People Directory > Frederic Landtmeters




















Frederic Landtmeters | Sustainable Brands








































Jump to Navigation










News & ViewsLatest News & Views
Newsletters
Latest Member News
Topic Channels
Partnership Opportunities
Search
Write for us

LibraryTop Collections
Browse By Topic
Research Reports
Webinars
Event Videos
Audio
Slideshows
Campaign Videos
Tools
SB Downloads

EventsGlobal Events
Corporate Member Events
Webinars
SB Bootcamp
Speaker Nomination

MembersYour Profile
Corporate Members
Become a Corporate Member
SB Collaboratory

Solution ProvidersSolution Provider Directory
Add Your Business

AboutAbout us
Meet Our Team
Careers
Get Connected
Contact
Media Center
Advisory Board

 



 



RSSLoginJoin 























User login



E-mail: *



Password: *



Create new account
Request new password






Background

 (Expand full bio) (Hide full bio) 











GET THE LATEST NEWS SENT TO YOUR INBOX








 











Frederic Landtmeters


  
    
      Chief Commercial Officer, Europe
      

  
    
      Molson Coors
      


 

















Editorial Channels

         • Behavior Change
         • Business Case
         • Chemistry, Materials & Packaging
         • Cleantech
         • Collaboration
         • Finance & Investment
         • Marketing & Communications
         • New Metrics
         • Organizational Change
         • Product, Service & Design Innovation
         • Supply Chain
         • The Next Economy
         • Transformational Leadership
         • Walking the Talk
         • Waste Not

 
Events
SB events are designed to inspire, engage and equip business professionals to fully leverage environmental and social innovation to drive business and brand value.
Find out more
 
 Newsletters
SB newsletters will help you create and maintain your company's competitive edge by adopting smarter, more sustainable business strategies and practices.
Find out more
 
Corporate Membership
SB Corporate Membership represents an exceptional value in education and networking, both online and via access passes to private member events
View memberships


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
SB Downloads
Access reports, white papers, audio packs, and more - valuable learning tools whether you're new to sustainability or leading the charge.
View all downloads
 
Library
100's of videos, research papers and more in one place for those new to sustainability or leading the change.
Visit our library
 
Sponsorship Opportunities
Looking for an integrated marketing and communications platform that targets a unique audience of dedicated sustainability and brand professionals. Learn more


 
 
 
 
 
 







Get Connected





















Terms of Use     Privacy Policy     Write For Us     Contact Us

© 2007 Sustainable Life Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Website Design by Citizen Studio









 
edit block 



 







Frederic Landtmeters | Molson Coors











































Skip to main content






            Search
            




        English
        




Select a language:

            English
        


                    Français
                



























				 Frederic Landtmeters
			

				President and Chief Executive Officer
				
					Molson Coors Canada
				







Frederic is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada. Previously, he was appointed Managing Director, Molson Coors UK & Ireland in 2015. In an international FMCG career spanning 18 years – 16 in the drinks business – Frederic is a proven commercial leader with an exceptional track record in building great beer brands.
He joined AB InBev in 2006 as Global Brand Director for Beck’s, taking over as Marketing Director for Benelux & France in 2008, before his appointment to the role of Chief Marketing Officer, StarBev in 2010, with responsibility for Central Europe and the re-launch of Staropramen as an international brand. Molson Coors acquisition of StarBev (June 2012) and the formation of Molson Coors Europe saw Frederic step up to the expanded role of Chief Commercial Officer, Molson Coors Europe, with accountability for Marketing, Sales, Pricing & Revenue Management and Innovation.
Under his leadership, Molson Coors Europe has seen brand health growth in all markets and strong results coming from the implementation of a rich innovation pipeline. Frederic also delivered a step-change in Molson Coors pricing and revenue management capability and developed Molson Coors Commercial Excellence Programme as our global commercial standard.
Frederic is an outstanding leader with tremendous breadth and the top class commercial capability to build on this positive momentum.







More Bios







Brenda Davis


Chief Integration Officer







Mark Hunter


President and Chief Executive Officer







Kandy Anand


Chief Growth Officer




View All Bios







Your browser is out-of-date!

            Update your browser to view this website correctly.
            Update my browser now


Close ×


































Molson Coors Names Frederic Landtmeters Managing Director of UK & Ireland



































                                            About Us
                                        

|


                                            Contact Us
                                        

|


                                            Advertising
                                        

|


                                            Free Newsletter
                                        

|


                                            Sitemap
                                        

|


                                            RSS Feed 
                                                     
                                            






















 Follow @FoodIng1st

























 


                                        Home
                                    



                                        All News 
                                        




                                                Food Ingredients
                                            



                                                Business
                                            



                                                Regulatory
                                            



                                                Research
                                            



                                                Health & Nutrition
                                            

Key Interviews
Special Report




                                        News by Category  

 
Alcoholic Beverages


Baby & Toddlers


Bakery


Cereals


Confectionery


Dairy


Desserts & Ice Cream


Fruit & Vegetables

 
Hot Drinks


Meat, Fish & Eggs


Pet Food


Ready Meals


Snacks


Soft Drinks


Soup


Spreads

 
Sugar & Sweeteners



                                                        Sauces & Seasonings
                                                    



                                                        Cross Category
                                                    



All News


 


                                            TWOFI  




The World of Food Ingredients




                                                    Advertise
                                                



                                                    Subscribe Now
                                                



                                                    Editorial Highlights
                                                



                                                    Editorial Enquiries
                                                



                                                    Update Your Details
                                                





                                            Suppliers 




                                                    Supplier Profiles
                                                



                                                    Technical Papers
                                                




                                                    Supplier By Ingredient
                                                





                                            Events  




                                                    Calendar
                                                



                                                    Review
                                                



                                                    Preview
                                                





                                            Key Trends  




                                                    Analysis Feature
                                                



                                                    Clean Label
                                                



                                                    Product Trends
                                                



                                                    Ingredient Focus
                                                





                                            Videos
                                        



                                            Podcasts
                                        



                                            Webinars
                                        
















You are in :   > Molson Coors Names Frederic Landtmeters Managing Director of UK & Ireland






















                                                    Azelis strengthens position in Australia & New Zealand with acquisition of Chemcolour
                                                










                                                    Novel formats for fruit & vegetables
                                                










                                                    Herbs, Spices and Seasonings
                                                










                                                    The launch and strategy behind TastePoint
                                                



 




Galactic expands production capacity for calcium lactate pentahydrate







Bunge’s first rapeseed export en route to Europe







AAK pays tribute to CEO Arne Frank following his sudden death







Singapore enters food partnership with South Australia


 




Refresco set to buy Cott's bottling activities for US$1.25bn







New Ingredion clean label viscosifier improves yield in meat







UK: FSA proposals to change food regulation







CSM Bakery Solutions sells BakeMark unit to Pamplona


 




AI predicts recipe ingredients after analyzing food photo







New product highs for hemp – the market potential





Molson Coors Names Frederic Landtmeters Managing Director of UK & Ireland



Email
                             



Print 


Share


























08 Oct 2014 --- Molson Coors Brewing Company announced that Frederic Landtmeters, Chief Commercial Officer, Molson Coors Europe, will take over as Managing Director, Molson Coors UK and Ireland, succeeding Simon Cox who will take on the role of CEO Molson Coors Europe from January 1st 2015.

Simon Cox succeeds Mark Hunter who will take over the global reins of Molson Coors Brewing Company when current President and CEO Peter Swinburn retires at the end of the year.  The UK and Ireland position reports directly to the CEO of the European business and serves on the company’s Business Unit Leadership team.  Landtmeters is a proven commercial leader with an exceptional track record in building great beer brands. He has held a number of senior leadership positions with Cadbury-Schweppes and ABInBev since joining the drinks industry in 1998, before his 2010 appointment to the role of Chief Marketing Officer, StarBev, with responsibility for Central Europe and the expansion of Staropramen as an international brand.  Molson Coors acquisition of StarBev (June 2012) and the formation of Molson Coors Europe saw Landtmeters appointed to his current role as Chief Commercial Officer, Molson Coors Europe in January 2013.  “Frederic is an international brand-builder and top-tier commercial leader with exceptional people skills,” said Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe. “Under his leadership, Molson Coors Europe has built a strong innovation pipeline and delivered brand health growth in all markets. We are fortunate to have someone with Frederic’s credentials to lead our UK and Ireland organization.”  “Our UK and Ireland business accounts for a substantial portion of the revenue of Molson Coors Europe. Frederic’s extensive international experience, commercial capability and leadership breadth makes him especially well-suited for such an important role and we are confident he can build on our consistent strong performance improvement of the past two years,” noted Simon Cox, Managing Director, Molson Coors UK and Ireland.  “I am extremely proud to be selected to lead Molson Coors in the UK and Ireland,” said Frederic Landtmeters, Chief Commercial Officer, Molson Coors Europe.  “This is an exciting business which has seen consistent strong performance in the past two years building on the strength of a great brand portfolio including Carling, Cobra, Coors Light and Doom Bar. We have a talented team of people who are second to none when it comes to competing—and winning—even in tough economic and market conditions and I look forward to building on that success.”






Related Articles
Business News
Galactic expands production capacity for calcium lactate pentahydrate

25 Jul 2017 --- Galactic, one of the world leaders in natural solutions for food safety and nutrition, announces it has successfully launched a second production line for calcium lactate pentahydrate production at its Escanaffles plant (Belgium). 

Food Ingredients News
Bunge’s first rapeseed export en route to Europe

25 Jul 2017 --- Bunge’s operations include originating oilseeds and grains from the world's primary growing regions and transporting them to customers worldwide – but this is the first time rapeseed exports have been shipped from Australia to Europe. 

Business News
AAK pays tribute to CEO Arne Frank following his sudden death

25 Jul 2017 --- The CEO and president of Swedish vegetable oil refiners AAK Arne Frank has sadly lost his fight with cancer. 

Business News
Singapore enters food partnership with South Australia

25 Jul 2017 --- A food industry collaboration between Singapore and South Australia has been signed to improve access to clean, green produce from Down Under and boost food innovation technologies in both regions.

Business News
Azelis strengthens position in Australia & New Zealand with acquisition of Chemcolour

25 Jul 2017 --- Azelis has announced the full acquisition Chemcolour, specialty chemicals and food ingredients provider in Australia and New Zealand (ANZ). The company employs a highly knowledgeable team of 90 people, who will all transfer to Azelis. The acquisition, which will be closed in the next few months will strengthen and position Azelis among the top distributors in ANZ.

More Articles














FREE NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTION


I
                                                        have read and agreed to the 
                                                            mail
                                                            terms
                                                         of the subscription  
                                                    





                                                        Option 1 - Daily Newsletter (Mon-Fri) Preview







                                                        Option 2 - Weekly News Review (Friday) Preview







                                                        Option 3 - Daily Newsletter & Weekly News Review
                                                    






                                                        First Name *





                                                        Last Name *







                                                        Company *






Continent *

--Select--
Africa
Asia
Europe
North America
Oceania
South America




Country *

--Select--
Aaland Islands
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey  (Channel Islands)
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa (Independent)
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks &amp; Caicos Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





                                                        Job Function *


--Select--
Management
Marketing/Sales
Product Development/R&D
Purchasing
Other




Activity Profile *

--Select--
Final Product Manufacturer
Foodservice
Ingredient Supplier
Other















* These fields are required











FoodIngredientsFirst.com is edited and hosted by CNS Media BV, Arnhem, The Netherlands. The leading international
                                                    publisher on food ingredients and food product development.
                                                





Home
|
About Us
|
Contact Us
|


                                                                    Advertising
                                                                

|


                                                                    Twofi Subscription
                                                                

|

NI

|

Mobile Version

|


                                                                    Sitemap
                                                                

|


                                                                    Refer This Site
                                                                






















