

Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















landwirtschaftliche rentenbank
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Government
Industry: Government Development Banks
Sub-Industry: -
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank operates as a public law institution. The Bank provides refinancing for all types of projects associated with agriculture and rural areas within the European Union. Landwirtschaftliche operates under the legal supervision of the German federal government and the banking supervision of the federal financial supervisory agency.




Corporate Information
Address:

Hochstrasse 2
Frankfurt, 60313
Germany


Phone:
49-69-2107-0


Fax:
49-69-2107-444


Web url:
www.rentenbank.de





Board Members




Chairman-Supervisory Board
Company


Joachim Rukwied
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank








Deputy Chairman-Supervisory Bd
Company


Christian Schmidt
Federal Republic of Germany








Board Members
Company


Manfred Nuessel
Baywa AG


Michael Reuther
Commerzbank AG




Wolfgang Kirsch
DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank Frankfurt AM Main




































Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Horst Reinhardt


Speaker/Managing Director




Hans Bernhardt


Managing Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank | BIOFACH








































follow us on

















together with





14 - 17 February 2018 // Nuremberg, Germany

















Posting print layout
What information should be shown in the print layout?


Exhibitor Profile



Exhibitor’s products



Show photos



Don't show photos



Hall / stand



Product groups


 Create print layout















        You are here: 
      


Home



            |  
        Exhibitor search



 
		Exhibitors & Products BIOFACH 2017
	



Exhibitors & Products



All Exhibitors


All Products

Product Groups

Floor Plan

Contact

 




Exhibitors & Products


All Exhibitors
All Products
Product Groups

Floor Plan

Contact


 






































Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank


Hochstraße 2
60313 Frankfurt am Main
 Hessen
Germany


Phone: +49(0)69.2107-0
Fax: +49(0)69.2107-6444





www.rentenbank.de








Request contact / appointment




 Contact us

        Please enter your personal information and desired appointment. You can also leave us a message.
      


          You haven’t filled in all fields correctly. Please check your entries.
        


Your personal information


Mr / Ms*

Please select...
Mr
Ms






First name*




Surname*






E-mail*



Phone






Company*






Your message for us


Message







Desired appointment during the exhibition


Day

Wednesday, 15.02.17
Thursday, 16.02.17
Friday, 17.02.17
Saturday, 18.02.17







Time

09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17



 

00
15
30
45









        * Compulsory fields you must fill in.
      


Send





      Your message has been sent.
      

      Would you like to use more facilities and advantages of the platform? Then please log in – or register here.
    


        An error has occurred.
      


















Hall  7 / 7-221



BIOFACH 2017

























Save memo













Products of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank (5)













Agrar- und Ernährungswirtschaft












Aquakultur und Fischwirtschaft












Energie vom Land












Ländliche Entwicklung












Landwirtschaft














Exhibitor Profile


Products (5)


Floor Plan





Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, is Germany's development agency for agribusiness. Rentenbank provides refinancing to banks within the European Union involved in financing agriculture, related sectors thereof and rural areas. The bank focuses on granting standard promotional loans as well as special promotional loans at particularly favourable interest rates for agribusiness and rural areas. The funds for refinancing of promotional lending are raised through borrowings or the issuance of securities on domestic and international capital markets. Within the bank's international funding activities, the € 60 billion Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program, launched in 1994, as well as the € 20 billion Euro Commercial Paper (ECP) program, launched in 2000, play important roles. In 2001, the bank started the issuance of global bonds registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC registration was achieved under the "Schedule B" of Section 7 of the 1933 Securities Act, which is only available to sovereign and quasi-sovereign issuers. Domestic bond issuance documentation in several countries such as Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand and Norway further diversifies the bank's international funding sources. In addition, Rentenbank has an excellent access to the domestic investor base with registered bonds (Namensschuldverschreibungen) and promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen). Rentenbank's long-term obligations are triple A-rated by Moody's Investors Service, Standard and Poor's and Fitch Ratings. The ratings reflect the support under the maintenance obligation (Anstaltslast) by the Federal Republic of Germany which ensures full payments on all obligations but also takes into account the low risk of the bank's loan portfolio, its stable profit and strong capitalization. Rentenbank is a public law institution, which was set up by statute in 1949, and operates under the legal supervision of the German federal government and the banking supervision of the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). The basis of the bank's capital was formed by contributions paid in by the German agricultural and forestry sector between 1949 and 1958. Therefore, any unappropriated profits, which remain after allocations to reserves, may only be used to promote agriculture.














Agrar- und Ernährungswirtschaft






























Save memo



 

 

Agrar- und Ernährungswirtschaft












Aquakultur und Fischwirtschaft






























Save memo



 

 

Aquakultur und Fischwirtschaft












Energie vom Land






























Save memo



 

 

Energie vom Land












Ländliche Entwicklung






























Save memo



 

 

Ländliche Entwicklung












Landwirtschaft






























Save memo



 

 

Landwirtschaft






 
Hall  7 / 7-221





Open floor plan










      Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank
      offers you products from these product groups:
    





BIOFACH          



Service providers  (256)


Media, service providers  (352)


Publishers, associations, institutions  (119)


Other service providers  (134)




















						Favourites 













Co-exhibitor

Clicking on an exhibitor opens his profile with more information.


































The selected entry has been placed in your favourites!
If you register you can save your favourites permanently and access all entries even when underway – via laptop or tablet.


You can register an account here to save your settings in the Exhibitors and Products Database and as well as in the Supporting Programme.The registration is not for the TicketShop and ExhibitorShop.


Register now



Your advantages at a glance:







              Save your favourites permanently. Use the instant access to exhibitors or products saved – mobile too, anytime and anywhere – incl. memo function.
            







              The optional newsletter gives you regular up-to-date information about new exhibitors and products – matched to your interests.
            







              Call up your favourites mobile too! Simply log in and access them at anytime.
            


































BIOFACH 2017 | Exhibitors + Products








































follow us on

















together with





14 - 17 February 2018 // Nuremberg, Germany















        You are here: 
      


Home



            |  
        Exhibitor search


              |  
            Search
          




		Exhibitors & Products BIOFACH 2017
	
























All Exhibitors




All Products




New Products




Floor Plan









Save your favourites permanently. Use the instant access to exhibitors or products saved – mobile too, anytime and anywhere – incl. memo function.






Call up your favourites mobile too! Simply log in and access them at anytime.






The optional newsletter gives you regular up-to-date information about new exhibitors and products – matched to your interests.



Register now



							Registration is free, simple and takes only a moment.
						



































The selected entry has been placed in your favourites!
If you register you can save your favourites permanently and access all entries even when underway – via laptop or tablet.


You can register an account here to save your settings in the Exhibitors and Products Database and as well as in the Supporting Programme.The registration is not for the TicketShop and ExhibitorShop.


Register now



Your advantages at a glance:







              Save your favourites permanently. Use the instant access to exhibitors or products saved – mobile too, anytime and anywhere – incl. memo function.
            







              The optional newsletter gives you regular up-to-date information about new exhibitors and products – matched to your interests.
            







              Call up your favourites mobile too! Simply log in and access them at anytime.
            


































Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Wikipedia





















 






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Deutschen Rentenbank.

Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank


Type

Institute under Public Law


Industry
Finance and Insurance


Founded
1949


Headquarters
Frankfurt am Main, Germany


Products
Financial Services



Number of employees

269 (2015)


Website
www.rentenbank.de


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a state-owned bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in Germany.[1] It was established by statute in 1949 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main. It is a successor to the Rentenbank Kreditanstalt (RKA), a major lender in the agricultural sector formed in 1925 by merger with the Deutschen Rentenbank, established as the currency issuer of the Rentenmark in 1923.[2]
References[edit]

^ www.rentenbank.de
^ Historie der Rentenbank 1923 - 1948





This German bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Landwirtschaftliche_Rentenbank&oldid=744754877"					
Categories: Banks of GermanyCompanies based in FrankfurtInvestment banksBanks established in 1949German company stubsEuropean bank stubsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 October 2016, at 06:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















Home - Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank














Navigation and service of the Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank
jump directly to:











Search



Start search








Cookies are making Our services easier.With the use of these services You're accepting that we use cookies.more information











We create ideal growth conditions








Promotional business at near-record high






read more








2017 funding volume esti­mated at up to EUR 12 Billion






read more








Investor Presentation






Download now












 



Germany's development agency for agribusiness and rural areas







Promotional Activitieslearn more





events in 2017




November, 12 - 18


Rentenbank at the Agritechnica trade fair
Hanover
















More than 1,000 Kauri trees planted for Rentenbank’s New Zealand bonds
24. Mai 2017
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, also raises funds in New Zealand’s domestic capital market. This so-called Kauri market is named after the largest native tree in New Zealand. Ten years ago, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness and rural areas issued its first Kauri bond of 275 million New Zealand dollars (NZD). This equals roughly EUR 170 million at the current exchange rate. Since its Kauri debut, Rentenbank has become a regular issuer in the NZD market. With almost NZD 4 billion (equivalent to roughly EUR 2.49 billion) Rentenbank is one of the most important issuers.






Kauri trees, which are protected and play an important role in Māori mythology, are not just the market’s namesakes. They also benefit from the Kauri market via a program launched by the Bank of New Zealand (BNZ). Together with the Kauri 2000 Trust, a non-profit NGO, BNZ plants 100 Kauri trees on the Coromandel Peninsula for each transaction arranged. To date, 11 of Rentenbank’s Kauri transactions have been led by BNZ, creating a small forest of 1,100 young Kauri trees over the course of the past ten years.
“We permanently strive to broaden and diversify our investor base in the international capital markets. Raising funds at favorable rates is a prerequisite for effectively fulfilling our statutory promotional mandate. We are, of course, very pleased that our funding activities also contribute to a nature conservation project on the other side of the world,” said Horst Reinhardt, Speaker of Rentenbank’s Board of Managing Directors.
A decision by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) served as an initial catalyst for the birth of the Kauri market for foreign issuers. Due to its low public debt, New Zealand kept scaling back government bond issuance, which led to a severe lack of liquidity. In response, the RBNZ decided to add Rentenbank’s bonds, among others, to the local repo-eligibility list in 2007. Due to its status as a public law institution benefitting from the explicit guarantee of the Federal Republic of Germany for its obligations, Rentenbank is triple-A rated by the three major rating agencies.
Service:Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is Germany’s development agency for agribusiness. Under its statutory promotional mandate, Rentenbank provides low-interest loans for agriculture-related investments via other banks on a competitively neutral basis. The appropriation of profits is also subject to the promotional mandate. The bank is a public law institution whose capital stock was formed by contributions paid by the German agricultural and forestry sectors. The bank is one of the few triple-A rated institutions in Germany and raises funds primarily in the international capital markets.
 







Fiscal year 2016: Rentenbank’s promotional business at near-record high
26. April 2017
- Fiscal year 2016: Special promotional loans and new issuance at near-record highs, increased operating profit under HGB and IFRS, improved capital ratios 
- First quarter 2017: Significantly higher demand for special promotional loans, successful issuance activities
 






Frankfurt. The Board of Managing Directors of Rentenbank, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness, expressed its satisfaction with the bank’s performance in 2016 at the annual press conference. “Despite the economic headwinds in agriculture, new business in our low-interest special promotional loans almost reached the prior year’s record high. This was driven by growth in the Renewable Energy, Agribusiness, and Rural Development promotional lines. In the second half of 2016, the agricultural sector saw a turnaround in challenging market conditions,” said Horst Reinhardt, Speaker of the Board of Managing Directors.
The bank has continued its strong performance in the current fiscal year. In the first quarter of 2017, new business in special promotional loans amounted to almost EUR 2.0 billion, an increase of roughly 31% compared to the same period in 2016. With EUR 4.8 billion in new issuance, Rentenbank was able to raise more than a third of its planned annual funding volume during the first three months of 2017.
Special promotional loans: strong demand for renewable energy loans  
In the fiscal year 2016, Rentenbank’s new business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record level (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, promotional loans for renewable energy projects increased considerably to EUR 1.9 billion (2015: EUR 1.5 billion). The focus of the Renewable Energy promotional line remains on wind turbine financing. The commitment volume amounted to EUR 1.5 billion (2015: EUR 1.1 billion), of which EUR 0.5 billion (2015: EUR 0.5 billion) was accounted for by Rentenbank’s Community Wind Farms program. 
In the Agriculture promotional line, Rentenbank provides funds primarily for typical agricultural investments. Due to the challenging economic situation faced by some agricultural enterprises, commitments in agriculture financing of EUR 2.4 billion were markedly below the prior-year level (2015: EUR 3.2 billion). Promotional loans granted for buildings, particularly livestock housing, totaled EUR 814 million (2015: EUR 1.1 billion). Land finance amounted to EUR 626 million (2015: EUR 773 million) and funding for machinery to EUR 501 million (2015: EUR 630 million). 
In addition, Rentenbank promotes rural development. The bank finances predominantly rural infrastructure projects, partly through global refinancing agreements with the promotional banks of the federal states. In 2016, Rentenbank committed a total of EUR 2.4 billion to investments in rural areas (2015: EUR 2.3 billion). 
New issuance: banks remain the leading group of investors  
To refinance its promotional business, Rentenbank raised EUR 12.7 billion (2015: EUR 13.0 billion) in medium and long-term funding in the domestic and international capital markets in 2016. Of this volume, 47% (2015: 46%) was placed with banks. The zero-risk weighting of Rentenbank bonds and notes makes the bank’s issuances highly attractive to this group of investors. In addition, central banks and other official institutions continued to play an important role in Rentenbank’s funding. In 2016, their share decreased slightly to 32 % (2015: 35%). 
USD cemented its position as the main issuance currency, retaining its share of 50% (2015: 50%) of total issuance. It was followed by EUR, the share of EUR issuance amounting to 32% (2015: 22%). GBP ranked third with a share of 10% (2015: 5%). 
Balance sheet (HGB): Steady growth in the share of special promotional loans  
In 2016, total assets under HGB (German Commercial Code) increased to EUR 86.3 billion (2015: EUR 83.9 billion). In accordance with its competitive neutrality, Rentenbank extends its promotional loans via other banks. Hence, loans and advances to banks make up a large proportion of the asset side of the bank’s balance sheet. In 2016, they stood at EUR 57.8 billion (2015: EUR 55.7 billion), accounting for 67% of total assets (2015: 66%). The volume of special promotional loans in the balance sheet continued to grow as disbursements exceeded redemptions. At year-end 2016, special promotional loans were valued at EUR 41.9 billion (2015: EUR 40.1 billion). 
Securitized promotional business, recognized in the balance sheet as bonds and other fixed-income securities, amounted to EUR 15.9 billion (2015: EUR 16.6 billion). At year-end 2016, the securities portfolio was valued at EUR 17.8 billion (2015: EUR 18.3 billion). 
Securitized liabilities of EUR 70.0 billion (2015: EUR 67.3 billion) represent the largest item on the liability and equity side of the balance sheet. In 2016, they comprised medium-term notes of EUR 50.2 billion (2015: EUR 50.0 billion), global bonds of EUR 14.0 billion (2015: EUR 13.9 billion) and euro commercial paper of EUR 5.7 billion (2015: EUR 3.4 billion). 
In 2016, own funds reported in the balance sheet (HGB) rose to EUR 4.9 billion (2015: EUR 4.7 billion). Of this amount, EUR 3.1 billion (2015: EUR 2.9 billion) was allocated to the fund for general banking risks. 
Increased operating profit under HGB 
In 2016, the operating profit before loan losses and valuation (under HGB) reached EUR 254.4 million (2015: EUR 233.5 million). The prior-year figure was adjusted for the one-off effect due to an intra-group special payout in the amount of EUR 49.8 million. Net income after provision for loan losses and valuation climbed to EUR 59.0 million (2015: EUR 57.0 million). The distributable profit of EUR 14.8 million (2015: EUR 14.3 million) remaining after allocation to reserves is also used for promotional purposes. It is divided equally between the Special Purpose Fund of the Federal Republic of Germany and the Promotional Fund of Rentenbank. 
Slight rise in operating profit under IFRS 
The operating profit for the fiscal year 2016 amounted to EUR 239.1 million, slightly above the prior-year figure of EUR 238.2 million. The increased expenses for credit losses/promotional contribution, as well as the higher administrative expenses were more than offset by the increase in net interest income and the improvement in net other income/expenses. 
Compared to net gains from fair value and hedge accounting of EUR 204.9 million in the prior year, Rentenbank recorded net losses from fair value and hedge accounting of EUR -235.0 million in 2016. This was mainly driven by measurement losses due to narrowing credit spreads on the bank’s own issuances. Accordingly, the Group’s total comprehensive income was also significantly down year-on-year, decreasing by EUR 384.4 to EUR 7.9 million as of year-end 2016 (2015: EUR 392.3 million). “As a non-trading book institution, Rentenbank follows a buy-and-hold strategy. Therefore, measurement gains and losses are only of a temporary nature. They are reversed at maturity of the relevant transactions, if no counterparty defaults,” said Hans Bernhardt, Member of the Board of Managing Directors responsible for finance. 
Strengthened capital ratios 
Rentenbank’s capital ratios in accordance with the CRR improved on the previous year. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the year at 23.2% (2015: 20.2%) and the total capital ratio at 25.7% (2015: 23.2%).
 
 
Overview of key figures 2016
 
Service:
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is Germany’s development agency for agribusiness. Under its statutory promotional mandate, Rentenbank provides low-interest loans for agriculture-related investments via other banks on a competitively neutral basis. The appropriation of profits is also subject to the promotional mandate. The bank is a public law institution whose capital stock was formed by contributions paid by the German agricultural and forestry sectors. The bank is one of the few triple-A rated institutions in Germany and raises funds primarily in the international capital markets. 
Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections of the Board of Managing Directors and information currently available to it. These statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. Words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “estimates”, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not to be understood as guarantees of future performance, but rather as being dependent on factors that involve risks and uncertainties and are based on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Unless required by law, we shall not be obligated to update forward-looking statements after their publication.







Fiscal year 2016: Demand for Rentenbank’s promotional loans close to record high
26. Januar 2017
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, reported continued strong demand for its promotional loans. New business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion in 2016, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record high (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, the financing of wind turbines in rural areas was on the rise. However, many agricultural enterprises faced financial constraints, which dampened new business in the Agriculture promotional line.
“Our low-interest special promotional loans cover a remarkably broad spectrum of financing opportunities. In 2016, w...






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, reported continued strong demand for its promotional loans. New business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion in 2016, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record high (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, the financing of wind turbines in rural areas was on the rise. However, many agricultural enterprises faced financial constraints, which dampened new business in the Agriculture promotional line.
“Our low-interest special promotional loans cover a remarkably broad spectrum of financing opportunities. In 2016, we not only helped to accelerate growth but also supported agricultural enterprises in crisis. On the one hand, our special promotional loans served to fuel the boom in renewable energy projects in rural areas. On the other hand, our liquidity assistance program played a crucial role especially in the first half of 2016, helping many agricultural enterprises to get through price crises and their aftermath,” said Horst Reinhardt, Speaker of Rentenbank’s Board of Managing Directors. 
Significant rise in demand for renewable energy and agribusiness loans  
New business in the Renewable Energy promotional line increased sharply by approximately 27 % to EUR 1.9 billion in 2016 (2015: EUR 1.5 billion). Demand for the financing of wind turbines was particularly high, rising by around 37 % to EUR 1.5 billion. 
The Agribusiness promotional line also saw impressive growth in 2016. New business grew by one fifth to EUR 954.4 million (2015: EUR 793.5 million), driven by the substantial increase in demand for the financing of buildings and farm inputs. 
Demand for agricultural loans dampened by price crisis 
In contrast, new business was down in the Agriculture promotional line. The volume of new loans decreased by roughly 25 % to EUR 2.4 billion (2015: EUR 3.2 billion) as many agricultural enterprises were adversely affected by low prices for milk, pork, and other agricultural commodities. However, the situation improved considerably in the second half of 2016, leading to a drop in demand for Rentenbank’s liquidity assistance loans from EUR 345.2 million in 2015 to EUR 108.0 million. 
Increase in promotional performance 
In 2016, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness used EUR 66.4 million of its income to provide interest rate reductions for its special promotional loans. Further, Rentenbank awarded grants of EUR 3.0 million for the Research on Agricultural Innovation program. The total amount of income used for promotional measures (promotional performance) was EUR 84.2 million (2015: EUR 82.9 million), including the distributable profit of EUR 14.8 million. 
Borrowing activities: EMTN program as the most important funding instrument  
In 2016, Rentenbank raised EUR 12.7 billion of medium and long-term funding in the domestic and international capital markets, thus almost reaching the prior year’s record high of EUR 13.0 billion. The share of foreign investors amounted to 82 % (2015: 93 %). Rentenbank placed 47 % of the funding volume with commercial banks (2015: 46 %) and a further 32 % (2015: 35 %) with central banks. The Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program remained the most important funding instrument, accounting for EUR 9.0 billion (2015: EUR 7.3 billion) or more than 70 % of the total funding volume. The bank also issued two USD global bonds, equivalent to a total of EUR 2.8 billion (2015: EUR 3.0 billion). 
Rise in operating profit 
The preliminary operating profit before provision for loan losses and valuation, reported in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB), increased by 9 % to EUR 254.4 million (2015: EUR 233.5 million). The 2015 figure was adjusted for a positive one-off effect of EUR 49.8 million, involving a special payout from the subsidiary LRB. After provision for loan losses and valuation as well as allocation to reserves, the Board of Managing Directors expects to report net income of EUR 59.0 million for 2016 (2015: EUR 57.0 million). 
Growth in total assets 
According to initial calculations, total assets (HGB) amounted to EUR 86.3 billion at year-end 2016 (December 31, 2015: EUR 83.9 billion). Loans and advances to banks increased to EUR 57.8 billion (2015: EUR 55.7 billion). In contrast, the securities portfolio decreased to EUR 17.8 billion (2015: EUR 18.3 billion). Securitized liabilities rose to EUR 70.0 billion (2015: EUR 67.3 billion). Own funds increased to EUR 4.9 billion (2015: EUR 4.7 billion). 
Stronger capital ratios 
The bank’s capital ratios, based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), continued to improve in 2016. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 23.2 % (December 31, 2015: 20.2 %) and the total capital ratio 25.7 % (December 31, 2015: 23.2 %).




News





24. Mai 2017More than 1,000 Kauri trees planted for Rentenbank’s New Zealand bonds
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, also raises funds in New Zealand’s domestic capital market. This so-called Kauri market is named after the largest native tree in New Zealand. Ten years ago, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness and rural areas issued its first Kauri bond of 275 million New Zealand dollars (NZD). This equals roughly EUR 170 million at the current exchange rate. Since its Kauri debut, Rentenbank has become a regular issuer in the NZD market. With almost NZD 4 billion (equivalent to roughly EUR 2.49 billion) Rentenbank is one of the most important issuers.









26. April 2017Fiscal year 2016: Rentenbank’s promotional business at near-record high
- Fiscal year 2016: Special promotional loans and new issuance at near-record highs, increased operating profit under HGB and IFRS, improved capital ratios 
- First quarter 2017: Significantly higher demand for special promotional loans, successful issuance activities
 









26. Januar 2017Fiscal year 2016: Demand for Rentenbank’s promotional loans close to record high
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, reported continued strong demand for its promotional loans. New business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion in 2016, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record high (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, the financing of wind turbines in rural areas was on the rise. However, many agricultural enterprises faced financial constraints, which dampened new business in the Agriculture promotional line.
“Our low-interest special promotional loans cover a remarkably broad spectrum of financing opportunities. In 2016, w...









press releases







  2518Z Stock Quote - Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank   2518Z:GR      Unlisted   2518Z:GR is unlisted   EUR             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (EUR) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (EUR)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank operates as a public law institution. The Bank provides refinancing for all types of projects associated with agriculture and rural areas within the European Union. Landwirtschaftliche operates under the legal supervision of the German federal government and the banking supervision of the federal financial supervisory agency.    Address  Hochstrasse 2Frankfurt, 60313Germany   Phone  49-69-2107-0   Website   www.rentenbank.de     Executives Board Members    Horst Reinhardt  Speaker/Managing Director    Hans Bernhardt  Managing Director     Show More         


Deutsche Rentenbank - Wikipedia





















 






Deutsche Rentenbank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Rentenbank)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank.
The Deutschen Rentenbank was a bank established in Germany by a regulation of 15 October 1923 as a state-owned monetary authority authorised to issue Rentenmark currency notes following the collapse of the private Reichsbank's Papiermark currency. The Rentenbank reserves consisted of mortgages against leading industrial properties and the German public accepted these reserves as being sound. This meant that the monetary crisis caused by the public's lack of confidence in the currency of the Reichsbank waned and the hyperinflation ceased. The Rentenmarks continued to be accepted as currency in Germany until 1947.
External links[edit]

Act creating the Deutschen Rentenbank Reichsgzetzblatt Teil I, 17 October 1923





This German bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Deutsche_Rentenbank&oldid=774023608"					
Categories: Banks of GermanyGerman company stubsEuropean bank stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 5 April 2017, at 20:38.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank (Germany)



























 

















Home



Bank Directory



Banks by Country



Germany













Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank
 


overview

Credit Ratings
Deposit Guarantee
Bank Identifiers



  


















Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a German development agency for 
agribusiness. Rentenbank is focused on granting standard promotional loans and 
special promotional loans at particularly favourable interest rates 
for agribusiness and rural areas. Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is rated by Fitch, Moody's. Long-term credit rating assigned to the bank by Fitch is AAA  (highest credit quality). Long-term credit rating assigned to the bank by Moody's is Aaa  (prime).  Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank participates in deposit guarantee scheme of Germany. 
This scheme covers accounts up to 100 000 EUR per bank per depositor.  Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is headquartered in Frankfurt Am Main.




AddressHochstraße 2, 60313, Frankfurt am Main, GermanyP.O. Box10 14 45Websitehttp://www.rentenbank.de/ 

  
 


 

Credit Ratings (as of Apr 2016)AAA/AaaDeposit Guarantee100 000 EUR  
 


BIC (SWIFT)LAREDEFFXXX 

MFI IDDE03468 
 
 
 


Compare Banking Products in GermanyCurrent Accountsfrom 0.00 EUR p.a.Savings Accountsup to 0.80 %Time Deposit Accountsup to 1.60 %Credit Cardsfrom 0.00 EUR p.a.Consumer Loansfrom 1.90 %Mortgage Loansfrom 0.73 %Car Loansfrom 1.99 %Trading Accountsfrom 0.00 EUR p.a.




 
 


Country Information
 
Economy and Banking Sector of Germany
 
	List of Banks in Germany
 

Related Articles
FATCA and European countries 




Credit Ratings (as of Apr 2016)



Fitch
Moody's



AAA  (highest credit quality)
Aaa  (prime)


Credit Rating is an opinion of a credit rating agency about credit worthiness of a company 
		or a government. Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is rated by Fitch and Moody's.
Credit ratings assigned to Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank as of April 2016 are shown in details in the following sections.
FitchLong-term issuer default rating is Fitch's view of a credit institution's relative vulnerability 
		to default on its financial obligations, for Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank it is set to AAA  (highest credit quality), outlook is stable  (not likely to change). The rating is not on watch. Short-term issuer default rating for Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is set to F1+  (highest short-term credit quality).
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating 
AAA


    Outlook 
stable


    On Watch 
No


Short-Term Issuer Default Rating 
F1+


Viability Rating 
-


Support Rating 
1


Support Rating Floor 
AAA

Viability rating for Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is not set support rating is 1  (extremely high probability of external support); support rating floor is AAA  (highest credit quality). 
Moody'sLong-term rating for Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank it is set to Aaa  (prime). Long-term bank deposit rating is Aaa  (prime). Bank financial strength rating is not set. Short-term rating is not assigned. 

Long-Term Rating 
Aaa


Long-Term Bank Deposit Rating 
Aaa


Bank Financial Strength Rating 
-


Short-Term Rating 
-


Outlook 
stable

Outlook for the ratings of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is set to stable  (not likely to change).



Deposit Guarantee



Deposit Guarantee




Yes (up to 100 000 EUR per depositor)


Deposit Guarantee Schemes compensate certain deposits 
held by depositors of a bank that becomes unable to meet its obligations.All credit institutions operating in Germany are obliged to participate 
in German deposit guarantee scheme.In the case of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank failure, eligible depositors having covered accounts 
		in this bank will be paid out the following compensation:

Covered Accounts 
all deposit accounts (deposits on current accounts and savings accounts, overnight money or time deposits, registered savings bonds, and similar)


Covered Currencies 
EU currencies


Maximum Protected Amount 
100 000 EUR


Paid In Currency 
EUR

Further Information
Deposit Guarantee Scheme in Germany



Bank Identifiers
Any bank can be identified for different purposes and hence can have several different identifiers.
BIC
BIC (Business Identifier Code, also known as SWIFT code or SWIFT BIC) 
		is a the mostly used international identifier of financial institutions. 
		SWIFT is the registration authority for BICs.  BICs are used in financial transactions, 
		client and counterparty data bases, compliance documents and many others.
A BIC consists of eight or eleven characters, comprising a financial institution code 
		(four characters), a country code (two characters), a location code (two characters) 
		and, optionally, a branch code (three characters).
BIC of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank and its components are shown in the table below.

BIC 
LAREDEFFXXX


Bank BIC Code 
LARE


Country Code 
DE (Germany)


Location Code 
FF


Branch Code 
XXX

MFI ID
MFI ID (Monetary Financial Institution Identifier) is a code, 
		unique to each institution in the MFI list provided by ECB (European Central Bank). 
	MFI ID is hence applicable to MFIs resident in the European Union.
The code is alphanumerical, with the first two digits representing the two-digit ISO code 
		for the country of residence of the MFI and the remaining number of digits 
		(no limit has been specified) is any combination of alphanumerical characters.
MFI ID of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is shown in the table below.

MFI ID 
DE03468





 
 













	RENTENBANK Trademark of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank. Serial Number: 79059649 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
RENTENBANK










 
Get FREE email alerts













RENTENBANK  Trademark Information
 Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank
Financial affairs and monetary affairs, namely, arranging of development loans in the field of agriculture for the purpose of refinancing of financial and credit institutes, namely, [ purchase and sale of debt and securities, securities trading, deposit and giro business for its own account, ] issue of [ covered and ] unsecured bonds in [ bearer or ] registered form




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   affairs   monetary   affairs         arranging   development   loans   field   agriculture   purpose   refinancing   financial   credit   institutes            purchase   sale   debt   securities      securities   trading    
                                    




This is a brand page for the RENTENBANK trademark by Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank 
                                in 60313 Frankfurt am Main, , .
Write a review about a product or service associated with this RENTENBANK trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank of the RENTENBANK trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the RENTENBANK trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, July 22, 2008,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        RENTENBANK by 
                        Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, 60313 Frankfurt am Main.
                        The USPTO has given the RENTENBANK 
                        trademark serial  number of  79059649.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is .
                        The correspondent listed for RENTENBANK is 
                        
                        
                                            Joseph F. Schmidt of 
                                            Taft Stettinius & Hollister LLP,  111 E. Wacker Dr., Ste. 2800, Chicago IL 60601 
                                .
                            The RENTENBANK trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for RENTENBANK 
                            is Financial affairs and monetary affairs, namely, arranging of development loans in the field of agriculture for the purpose of refinancing of financial and credit institutes, namely, [ purchase and sale of debt and securities, securities trading, deposit and giro business for its own account, ] issue of [ covered and ] unsecured bonds in [ bearer or ] registered form. 
                            





Word mark:
 RENTENBANK


  Status/Status Date:  




9/1/2015



  Serial Number:  
79059649


  Filing Date:  
7/22/2008


 Registration Number:  
3683328 


 Registration Date:  
9/15/2009


 Goods and Services: 
Financial affairs and monetary affairs, namely, arranging of development loans in the field of agriculture for the purpose of refinancing of financial and credit institutes, namely, [ purchase and sale of debt and securities, securities trading, deposit and giro business for its own account, ] issue of [ covered and ] unsecured bonds in [ bearer or ] registered form


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/30/2009


Last Applicant/Owner:

Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank60313 Frankfurt am Main
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Joseph F. Schmidt
Taft Stettinius & Hollister LLP
111 E. Wacker Dr., Ste. 2800
Chicago IL 60601






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your RENTENBANK trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/1/2015



Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Joseph F. Schmidt


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of RENTENBANK trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search rentenbank on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for RENTENBANK 




RENTENBANK is providing Financial affairs and monetary affairs, namely, arranging of development loans in the field of agriculture for the purpose of refinancing of financial and credit institutes, namely, [ purchase and sale of debt and securities, securities trading, deposit and giro business for its own account, ] issue of [ covered and ] unsecured bonds in [ bearer or ] registered form.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 















Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank



Moody's Org ID:804650
Market Segment:Financial Institutions
Industry:NON-U.S. BANK
Domicile:GERMANY




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Market Signals

















    Issuer Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 49
Of 
        49


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Analysis
Announcement
Banking Statistics
Banking System Outlook
Company Profile
Credit Focus
Credit Opinion
Issuer Profile
Rating Action
Sector Comment
Special Comment


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    23 Jan 2017
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank: Semiannual update





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Oct 2016
                

                    Announcement
                














                                    Moody's maintains stable outlook on Germany's banking system amid resilient operating environment





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    04 Aug 2016
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Jul 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank: Semi-annual update





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    11 Feb 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Oct 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's changes outlook on Germany's banking system to stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Jul 2015
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Jun 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's concludes reviews on 9 German public-sector banks' ratings; takes action on another 6 banks' ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Dec 2014
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Mostly negative European banking system outlooks in 2015 owing to new bail-in regimes, despite improving financial stability





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Nov 2014
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Germany's adoption of EU BRRD clarifies treatment for grandfathered debt and institutional protection schemes





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Nov 2014
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Germany's banking system outlook stays negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Oct 2014
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: ECB's Comprehensive Assessment shows broad resilience of euro area banks





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Sep 2014
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Mar 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes outlooks to stable on debt ratings of 15 German banking groups guaranteed by the German sovereign and/or sub-sovereign governments; affirms ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Sep 2013
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's ändert Ausblick für deutsches Bankensystem von negativ in stabil





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Sep 2013
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's changes outlook on Germany's banking system to stable from negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Jul 2013
                

                    Credit Focus
                













                                    German Development Banks: Peer Comparison





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Jul 2013
                

                    Special Comment
                













                                    German Development Banks: Strong Public-Sector Support and Legal Framework Underpin Aaa-Aa1 Rating





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jun 2013
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's beh?lt negativen Ausblick f?r deutsches Bankensystem bei





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Oct 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Germany's banking system outlook remains negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jul 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's changes outlook on 17 German banking groups to negative following outlook change on German sovereign and sub-sovereigns





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Jun 2012
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 May 2012
                

                    Sector Comment
                













                                    Germany's Macro-Prudential Regulation Will Be Credit Positive for Bank Bondholders and the Sovereign





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Apr 2012
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's Disclosures on Credit Rating of Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    11 Jan 2012
                

                    Banking Statistics
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    21 Nov 2011
                

                    Sector Comment
                













                                    Financial Stability Report Highlights Credit-Negative Pressure Points for German Banks





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 May 2011
                

                    Banking Statistics
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Dec 2010
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Oct 2010
                

                    Banking System Outlook
                













                                    Banking System Outlook: Germany





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Oct 2010
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: Germany's banking system outlook remains negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Nov 2009
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's explains assumptions behind its estimates of German banks' credit losses





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Oct 2009
                

                    Company Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 May 2009
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's behält negativen Ausblick für deutsches Bankensystem bei





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Apr 2009
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's reports: Negative outlook maintained for German banking system





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Dec 2008
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's to assign backed Aaa ratings to new debt securities covered by German government guarantee





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 Apr 2008
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's reports: Negative outlook for German banking system reflects impact of credit crisis and sector challenges





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Aug 2006
                

                    Analysis
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Aug 2006
                

                    Issuer Profile
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Jun 2005
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ANNOUNCES RATING IMPACT OF 'GRI' METHODOLOGY FOR NON-DEPOSITARY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS IN THE EMEA REGION





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Apr 2005
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    MOODY'S TO EXAMINE RATINGS ON VARIOUS GOVERNMENT-RELATED ISSUERS IN CONNECTION WITH THE INTRODUCTION OF JOINT-DEFAULT ANALYSIS





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Oct 2004
                

                    Analysis
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    07 Nov 2003
                

                    Analysis
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Nov 2002
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY’S REPORTS: NEGATIVE OUTLOOK FOR GERMAN BANKING SYSTEM, BUT NO SYSTEMIC CRISIS EXPECTED





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    19 Nov 2002
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY’S BEHAELT NegativeN RATING-AUSBLICK FÜR DAS DEUTSCHE BANKENSYSTEM BEI, JEDOCH KEINE SYSTEMISCHE KRISE ERWARTET





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Aug 2002
                

                    Analysis
                













                                    Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Mar 2002
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S SAYS THAT THE Aaa RATINGS OF THE GERMAN FOERDERBANKEN (SPECIAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS) REMAIN WELL POSITIONED





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Jan 1995
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ASSIGNS Aaa (LONG TERM) AND PRIME-1 (SHORT TERM) DEPOSIT RATINGS TO LANDWIRTSCHAFTLICHE RENTENBANK AND Aaa (LONG TERM) TO THE BANK'S EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTES





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Jan 1995
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    MOODY'S ERTEILT DER LANDWIRTSCHAFTLICHEN RENTENBANK DEPOSITEN-RATINGS VON Aaa (LANGFRISTIG) UND PRIME-1 (KURZFRISTIG) SOWIE Aaa (LANGFRISTIG) FUER EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTES





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 49
Of 
        49


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay






































































































Home - Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank














Navigation and service of the Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank
jump directly to:











Search



Start search








Cookies are making Our services easier.With the use of these services You're accepting that we use cookies.more information











We create ideal growth conditions








Promotional business at near-record high






read more








2017 funding volume esti­mated at up to EUR 12 Billion






read more








Investor Presentation






Download now












 



Germany's development agency for agribusiness and rural areas







Promotional Activitieslearn more





events in 2017




November, 12 - 18


Rentenbank at the Agritechnica trade fair
Hanover
















More than 1,000 Kauri trees planted for Rentenbank’s New Zealand bonds
24. Mai 2017
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, also raises funds in New Zealand’s domestic capital market. This so-called Kauri market is named after the largest native tree in New Zealand. Ten years ago, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness and rural areas issued its first Kauri bond of 275 million New Zealand dollars (NZD). This equals roughly EUR 170 million at the current exchange rate. Since its Kauri debut, Rentenbank has become a regular issuer in the NZD market. With almost NZD 4 billion (equivalent to roughly EUR 2.49 billion) Rentenbank is one of the most important issuers.






Kauri trees, which are protected and play an important role in Māori mythology, are not just the market’s namesakes. They also benefit from the Kauri market via a program launched by the Bank of New Zealand (BNZ). Together with the Kauri 2000 Trust, a non-profit NGO, BNZ plants 100 Kauri trees on the Coromandel Peninsula for each transaction arranged. To date, 11 of Rentenbank’s Kauri transactions have been led by BNZ, creating a small forest of 1,100 young Kauri trees over the course of the past ten years.
“We permanently strive to broaden and diversify our investor base in the international capital markets. Raising funds at favorable rates is a prerequisite for effectively fulfilling our statutory promotional mandate. We are, of course, very pleased that our funding activities also contribute to a nature conservation project on the other side of the world,” said Horst Reinhardt, Speaker of Rentenbank’s Board of Managing Directors.
A decision by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) served as an initial catalyst for the birth of the Kauri market for foreign issuers. Due to its low public debt, New Zealand kept scaling back government bond issuance, which led to a severe lack of liquidity. In response, the RBNZ decided to add Rentenbank’s bonds, among others, to the local repo-eligibility list in 2007. Due to its status as a public law institution benefitting from the explicit guarantee of the Federal Republic of Germany for its obligations, Rentenbank is triple-A rated by the three major rating agencies.
Service:Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is Germany’s development agency for agribusiness. Under its statutory promotional mandate, Rentenbank provides low-interest loans for agriculture-related investments via other banks on a competitively neutral basis. The appropriation of profits is also subject to the promotional mandate. The bank is a public law institution whose capital stock was formed by contributions paid by the German agricultural and forestry sectors. The bank is one of the few triple-A rated institutions in Germany and raises funds primarily in the international capital markets.
 







Fiscal year 2016: Rentenbank’s promotional business at near-record high
26. April 2017
- Fiscal year 2016: Special promotional loans and new issuance at near-record highs, increased operating profit under HGB and IFRS, improved capital ratios 
- First quarter 2017: Significantly higher demand for special promotional loans, successful issuance activities
 






Frankfurt. The Board of Managing Directors of Rentenbank, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness, expressed its satisfaction with the bank’s performance in 2016 at the annual press conference. “Despite the economic headwinds in agriculture, new business in our low-interest special promotional loans almost reached the prior year’s record high. This was driven by growth in the Renewable Energy, Agribusiness, and Rural Development promotional lines. In the second half of 2016, the agricultural sector saw a turnaround in challenging market conditions,” said Horst Reinhardt, Speaker of the Board of Managing Directors.
The bank has continued its strong performance in the current fiscal year. In the first quarter of 2017, new business in special promotional loans amounted to almost EUR 2.0 billion, an increase of roughly 31% compared to the same period in 2016. With EUR 4.8 billion in new issuance, Rentenbank was able to raise more than a third of its planned annual funding volume during the first three months of 2017.
Special promotional loans: strong demand for renewable energy loans  
In the fiscal year 2016, Rentenbank’s new business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record level (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, promotional loans for renewable energy projects increased considerably to EUR 1.9 billion (2015: EUR 1.5 billion). The focus of the Renewable Energy promotional line remains on wind turbine financing. The commitment volume amounted to EUR 1.5 billion (2015: EUR 1.1 billion), of which EUR 0.5 billion (2015: EUR 0.5 billion) was accounted for by Rentenbank’s Community Wind Farms program. 
In the Agriculture promotional line, Rentenbank provides funds primarily for typical agricultural investments. Due to the challenging economic situation faced by some agricultural enterprises, commitments in agriculture financing of EUR 2.4 billion were markedly below the prior-year level (2015: EUR 3.2 billion). Promotional loans granted for buildings, particularly livestock housing, totaled EUR 814 million (2015: EUR 1.1 billion). Land finance amounted to EUR 626 million (2015: EUR 773 million) and funding for machinery to EUR 501 million (2015: EUR 630 million). 
In addition, Rentenbank promotes rural development. The bank finances predominantly rural infrastructure projects, partly through global refinancing agreements with the promotional banks of the federal states. In 2016, Rentenbank committed a total of EUR 2.4 billion to investments in rural areas (2015: EUR 2.3 billion). 
New issuance: banks remain the leading group of investors  
To refinance its promotional business, Rentenbank raised EUR 12.7 billion (2015: EUR 13.0 billion) in medium and long-term funding in the domestic and international capital markets in 2016. Of this volume, 47% (2015: 46%) was placed with banks. The zero-risk weighting of Rentenbank bonds and notes makes the bank’s issuances highly attractive to this group of investors. In addition, central banks and other official institutions continued to play an important role in Rentenbank’s funding. In 2016, their share decreased slightly to 32 % (2015: 35%). 
USD cemented its position as the main issuance currency, retaining its share of 50% (2015: 50%) of total issuance. It was followed by EUR, the share of EUR issuance amounting to 32% (2015: 22%). GBP ranked third with a share of 10% (2015: 5%). 
Balance sheet (HGB): Steady growth in the share of special promotional loans  
In 2016, total assets under HGB (German Commercial Code) increased to EUR 86.3 billion (2015: EUR 83.9 billion). In accordance with its competitive neutrality, Rentenbank extends its promotional loans via other banks. Hence, loans and advances to banks make up a large proportion of the asset side of the bank’s balance sheet. In 2016, they stood at EUR 57.8 billion (2015: EUR 55.7 billion), accounting for 67% of total assets (2015: 66%). The volume of special promotional loans in the balance sheet continued to grow as disbursements exceeded redemptions. At year-end 2016, special promotional loans were valued at EUR 41.9 billion (2015: EUR 40.1 billion). 
Securitized promotional business, recognized in the balance sheet as bonds and other fixed-income securities, amounted to EUR 15.9 billion (2015: EUR 16.6 billion). At year-end 2016, the securities portfolio was valued at EUR 17.8 billion (2015: EUR 18.3 billion). 
Securitized liabilities of EUR 70.0 billion (2015: EUR 67.3 billion) represent the largest item on the liability and equity side of the balance sheet. In 2016, they comprised medium-term notes of EUR 50.2 billion (2015: EUR 50.0 billion), global bonds of EUR 14.0 billion (2015: EUR 13.9 billion) and euro commercial paper of EUR 5.7 billion (2015: EUR 3.4 billion). 
In 2016, own funds reported in the balance sheet (HGB) rose to EUR 4.9 billion (2015: EUR 4.7 billion). Of this amount, EUR 3.1 billion (2015: EUR 2.9 billion) was allocated to the fund for general banking risks. 
Increased operating profit under HGB 
In 2016, the operating profit before loan losses and valuation (under HGB) reached EUR 254.4 million (2015: EUR 233.5 million). The prior-year figure was adjusted for the one-off effect due to an intra-group special payout in the amount of EUR 49.8 million. Net income after provision for loan losses and valuation climbed to EUR 59.0 million (2015: EUR 57.0 million). The distributable profit of EUR 14.8 million (2015: EUR 14.3 million) remaining after allocation to reserves is also used for promotional purposes. It is divided equally between the Special Purpose Fund of the Federal Republic of Germany and the Promotional Fund of Rentenbank. 
Slight rise in operating profit under IFRS 
The operating profit for the fiscal year 2016 amounted to EUR 239.1 million, slightly above the prior-year figure of EUR 238.2 million. The increased expenses for credit losses/promotional contribution, as well as the higher administrative expenses were more than offset by the increase in net interest income and the improvement in net other income/expenses. 
Compared to net gains from fair value and hedge accounting of EUR 204.9 million in the prior year, Rentenbank recorded net losses from fair value and hedge accounting of EUR -235.0 million in 2016. This was mainly driven by measurement losses due to narrowing credit spreads on the bank’s own issuances. Accordingly, the Group’s total comprehensive income was also significantly down year-on-year, decreasing by EUR 384.4 to EUR 7.9 million as of year-end 2016 (2015: EUR 392.3 million). “As a non-trading book institution, Rentenbank follows a buy-and-hold strategy. Therefore, measurement gains and losses are only of a temporary nature. They are reversed at maturity of the relevant transactions, if no counterparty defaults,” said Hans Bernhardt, Member of the Board of Managing Directors responsible for finance. 
Strengthened capital ratios 
Rentenbank’s capital ratios in accordance with the CRR improved on the previous year. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the year at 23.2% (2015: 20.2%) and the total capital ratio at 25.7% (2015: 23.2%).
 
 
Overview of key figures 2016
 
Service:
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is Germany’s development agency for agribusiness. Under its statutory promotional mandate, Rentenbank provides low-interest loans for agriculture-related investments via other banks on a competitively neutral basis. The appropriation of profits is also subject to the promotional mandate. The bank is a public law institution whose capital stock was formed by contributions paid by the German agricultural and forestry sectors. The bank is one of the few triple-A rated institutions in Germany and raises funds primarily in the international capital markets. 
Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections of the Board of Managing Directors and information currently available to it. These statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. Words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “estimates”, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not to be understood as guarantees of future performance, but rather as being dependent on factors that involve risks and uncertainties and are based on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Unless required by law, we shall not be obligated to update forward-looking statements after their publication.







Fiscal year 2016: Demand for Rentenbank’s promotional loans close to record high
26. Januar 2017
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, reported continued strong demand for its promotional loans. New business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion in 2016, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record high (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, the financing of wind turbines in rural areas was on the rise. However, many agricultural enterprises faced financial constraints, which dampened new business in the Agriculture promotional line.
“Our low-interest special promotional loans cover a remarkably broad spectrum of financing opportunities. In 2016, w...






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, reported continued strong demand for its promotional loans. New business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion in 2016, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record high (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, the financing of wind turbines in rural areas was on the rise. However, many agricultural enterprises faced financial constraints, which dampened new business in the Agriculture promotional line.
“Our low-interest special promotional loans cover a remarkably broad spectrum of financing opportunities. In 2016, we not only helped to accelerate growth but also supported agricultural enterprises in crisis. On the one hand, our special promotional loans served to fuel the boom in renewable energy projects in rural areas. On the other hand, our liquidity assistance program played a crucial role especially in the first half of 2016, helping many agricultural enterprises to get through price crises and their aftermath,” said Horst Reinhardt, Speaker of Rentenbank’s Board of Managing Directors. 
Significant rise in demand for renewable energy and agribusiness loans  
New business in the Renewable Energy promotional line increased sharply by approximately 27 % to EUR 1.9 billion in 2016 (2015: EUR 1.5 billion). Demand for the financing of wind turbines was particularly high, rising by around 37 % to EUR 1.5 billion. 
The Agribusiness promotional line also saw impressive growth in 2016. New business grew by one fifth to EUR 954.4 million (2015: EUR 793.5 million), driven by the substantial increase in demand for the financing of buildings and farm inputs. 
Demand for agricultural loans dampened by price crisis 
In contrast, new business was down in the Agriculture promotional line. The volume of new loans decreased by roughly 25 % to EUR 2.4 billion (2015: EUR 3.2 billion) as many agricultural enterprises were adversely affected by low prices for milk, pork, and other agricultural commodities. However, the situation improved considerably in the second half of 2016, leading to a drop in demand for Rentenbank’s liquidity assistance loans from EUR 345.2 million in 2015 to EUR 108.0 million. 
Increase in promotional performance 
In 2016, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness used EUR 66.4 million of its income to provide interest rate reductions for its special promotional loans. Further, Rentenbank awarded grants of EUR 3.0 million for the Research on Agricultural Innovation program. The total amount of income used for promotional measures (promotional performance) was EUR 84.2 million (2015: EUR 82.9 million), including the distributable profit of EUR 14.8 million. 
Borrowing activities: EMTN program as the most important funding instrument  
In 2016, Rentenbank raised EUR 12.7 billion of medium and long-term funding in the domestic and international capital markets, thus almost reaching the prior year’s record high of EUR 13.0 billion. The share of foreign investors amounted to 82 % (2015: 93 %). Rentenbank placed 47 % of the funding volume with commercial banks (2015: 46 %) and a further 32 % (2015: 35 %) with central banks. The Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program remained the most important funding instrument, accounting for EUR 9.0 billion (2015: EUR 7.3 billion) or more than 70 % of the total funding volume. The bank also issued two USD global bonds, equivalent to a total of EUR 2.8 billion (2015: EUR 3.0 billion). 
Rise in operating profit 
The preliminary operating profit before provision for loan losses and valuation, reported in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB), increased by 9 % to EUR 254.4 million (2015: EUR 233.5 million). The 2015 figure was adjusted for a positive one-off effect of EUR 49.8 million, involving a special payout from the subsidiary LRB. After provision for loan losses and valuation as well as allocation to reserves, the Board of Managing Directors expects to report net income of EUR 59.0 million for 2016 (2015: EUR 57.0 million). 
Growth in total assets 
According to initial calculations, total assets (HGB) amounted to EUR 86.3 billion at year-end 2016 (December 31, 2015: EUR 83.9 billion). Loans and advances to banks increased to EUR 57.8 billion (2015: EUR 55.7 billion). In contrast, the securities portfolio decreased to EUR 17.8 billion (2015: EUR 18.3 billion). Securitized liabilities rose to EUR 70.0 billion (2015: EUR 67.3 billion). Own funds increased to EUR 4.9 billion (2015: EUR 4.7 billion). 
Stronger capital ratios 
The bank’s capital ratios, based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), continued to improve in 2016. The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 23.2 % (December 31, 2015: 20.2 %) and the total capital ratio 25.7 % (December 31, 2015: 23.2 %).




News





24. Mai 2017More than 1,000 Kauri trees planted for Rentenbank’s New Zealand bonds
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, also raises funds in New Zealand’s domestic capital market. This so-called Kauri market is named after the largest native tree in New Zealand. Ten years ago, Germany’s development agency for agribusiness and rural areas issued its first Kauri bond of 275 million New Zealand dollars (NZD). This equals roughly EUR 170 million at the current exchange rate. Since its Kauri debut, Rentenbank has become a regular issuer in the NZD market. With almost NZD 4 billion (equivalent to roughly EUR 2.49 billion) Rentenbank is one of the most important issuers.









26. April 2017Fiscal year 2016: Rentenbank’s promotional business at near-record high
- Fiscal year 2016: Special promotional loans and new issuance at near-record highs, increased operating profit under HGB and IFRS, improved capital ratios 
- First quarter 2017: Significantly higher demand for special promotional loans, successful issuance activities
 









26. Januar 2017Fiscal year 2016: Demand for Rentenbank’s promotional loans close to record high
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank, based in Frankfurt am Main, reported continued strong demand for its promotional loans. New business in special promotional loans totaled EUR 7.7 billion in 2016, thus nearly reaching the prior year’s record high (2015: EUR 7.8 billion). In particular, the financing of wind turbines in rural areas was on the rise. However, many agricultural enterprises faced financial constraints, which dampened new business in the Agriculture promotional line.
“Our low-interest special promotional loans cover a remarkably broad spectrum of financing opportunities. In 2016, w...









press releases









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














rentenbank - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related torentenbank



landwirtsch rentenbank


deutsche rentenbank


landwirtschaftliche rentenbank frankf...


rentenbankfchein 1937



zwei rentenmark 1937


fine rentenmark 1937


fine rentenmark paper money


landwirtschaftliche




Web Results

Rentenbank - Die Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft ...

www.rentenbank.de


Das zentrale Refinanzierungsinstitut der deutschen Agrar- und Ernährungswirtschaft mit Förderauftrag stellt sich und seine speziellen Kredite vor.



Home Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank



Impressum



Förderangebote



Datenschutz



Deutsche Rentenbank - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rentenbank


The Deutschen Rentenbank was a bank established in Germany by a regulation of 15 October 1923 as a state-owned monetary authority authorised to issue Rentenmark ...


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank Credit Rating - Moody's

https://www.moodys.com/credit-ratings/Landwirtschaftliche...


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity ...


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landwirtschaftliche_Rentenbank


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a state-owned bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in Germany. It was established by ...


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank – Wikipedia

https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rentenbank


Die Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank (kurz: Rentenbank) mit Sitz in Frankfurt am Main ist die deutsche Förderbank für Agrarwirtschaft und ländliche Entwicklung.


Deutsche Rentenbank 1923-1937 - eBay Stores

stores.ebay.com/steffen99-2008/Deutsche-Rentenbank-1923-1937-/_i...


5 results found: 1 Rentenmark 1937 Ro 166F, Braune Kennnummer · 50 000 Mark 1922 Ro 79d Firmendruck · 5 Rentenmark 1926 Ro 164b · 1 Rentenmark 1937 Ro 166a fast ...


rentenbank – aktuelle News und Informationen | agrarheute.com

https://www.agrarheute.com/tag/rentenbank


Aktuelle News, Informationen, Artikel und Hintergrundberichte zum Begriff rentenbank


2518Z Stock Quote - Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/2518Z:GR


Stock analysis for Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank (2518Z) including stock price, stock chart, company news, key statistics, fundamentals and company profile.


eBanking Private Edition - Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank

https://www.onlinebanking-rentenbank.de/banking-private/entry


Für die Nutzung des Online-Bankings ist eine Änderung Ihrer Browsereinstellungen erforderlich. Damit Sie das Online-Banking nutzen können, müssen Sie Ihre ...



Searches related torentenbank



landwirtsch rentenbank


deutsche rentenbank


landwirtschaftliche rentenbank frankf...


rentenbankfchein 1937



zwei rentenmark 1937


fine rentenmark 1937


fine rentenmark paper money


landwirtschaftliche




12345Next






Answers







Deutsche Rentenbank



The Deutschen Rentenbank was a bank established in Germany by a regulation of 15 October 1923 as a state-owned monetary authority authorised to issue...

more






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank



Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a state-owned bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in Germany. It was...

more






Reichsmark



and to smooth the transition, the Papiermark was not directly replaced by the Reichsmark, but by the Rentenmark, an interim currency backed by the...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Wikipedia





















 






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Deutschen Rentenbank.

Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank


Type

Institute under Public Law


Industry
Finance and Insurance


Founded
1949


Headquarters
Frankfurt am Main, Germany


Products
Financial Services



Number of employees

269 (2015)


Website
www.rentenbank.de


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a state-owned bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in Germany.[1] It was established by statute in 1949 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main. It is a successor to the Rentenbank Kreditanstalt (RKA), a major lender in the agricultural sector formed in 1925 by merger with the Deutschen Rentenbank, established as the currency issuer of the Rentenmark in 1923.[2]
References[edit]

^ www.rentenbank.de
^ Historie der Rentenbank 1923 - 1948





This German bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Landwirtschaftliche_Rentenbank&oldid=744754877"					
Categories: Banks of GermanyCompanies based in FrankfurtInvestment banksBanks established in 1949German company stubsEuropean bank stubsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 October 2016, at 06:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.































Rentenbank - Die Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank














Navigation und Service der Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank
Springe direkt zu:











Suche



Suche Starten








Cookies erleichtern die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste. Mit der Nutzung unserer Dienste erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass wir Cookies verwenden.Weitere Informationen











Wir schaffen ideale Wachstums­bedingungen








Liquiditätssicherungsdarlehen Trockenheit






Meldung lesen








Rentenbank hebt Zinsen an






Meldung lesen








Finden Sie Ihr Förderprogramm






Förderberater
Zu den Konditionen












 


Unsere Förderangebote




Landwirtschaft







Agrar- & Ernährungswirtschaft







Ländliche Entwicklung







Erneuerbare Energien







Aquakultur & Fischwirtschaft







Innovationsförderung




Zur Übersicht



Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft und den ländlichen Raum.




Arbeitsmarkt, Ausbildung und Migranten in der Landwirtschaft - Edmund Rehwinkel-Stiftung präsentiert Forschungsergebnisse
31. Mai 2017
„Durch den technischen Fortschritt steigt der Bedarf an höher qualifizierten Arbeitskräften in der Landwirtschaft stetig an. Das gilt auch für die Anforde­rungen an die Aus- und Weiterbildung. Gleichzeitig bietet die Branche aber nach wie vor auch weniger qualifizierten Arbeitskräften Beschäftigungs­chancen.“ Zur Integration von Flüchtlingen in den Arbeitsmarkt könne die Landwirtschaft ebenfalls einen wichtigen Beitrag leisten. So fasst Dr. Horst Reinhardt, Sprecher des Vorstands der Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank und Vorstandsvorsitzender der Edmund Rehwinkel-Stiftung, einige der Ergebnisse von fünf wissenschaftlichen Studien zusammen, welche die Stiftung bei ihrem jährlichen Symposium in Berlin vorgestellt hat.






Die Teilnehmer des Symposiums diskutierten mit den Autoren der Studien Prof. Dr. Markus Beinert (Hochschule Weihenstephan-Triesdorf), Dr.  Carsten Holst, Prof. Dr. Stephan v. Cramon-Taubadel, Prof. Dr. Ludwig Theuvsen (alle Georg-August-Universität Göttingen), Prof. Dr. Rainer Kühl (Justus-Liebig-Universität Gießen), Prof. Dr. Dirk Plickat (Ostfalia Hoch­schule für angewandte Wissenschaften) und Dr. Matthias Heyder (Landwirt­schaftskammer Niedersachsen).
Einen Einblick aus der Sicht eines Arbeitgebers gewährte der Vizepräsident des Zentralverbands Gartenbau e. V., Wilhelm Böck. Der Gärtnermeister aus Neufarn bei München beschäftigt in seinem Gemüsebaubetrieb seit Jahren auch Flüchtlinge und berichtete über seine Erfahrungen bei der Integration in den Betrieb. Moderiert wurde das Symposium vom Chef­redakteur des Magazins „top agrar“, Dr. Ludger Schulze Pals.
Bereits am Vorabend der Veranstaltung nutzten die Teilnehmer die Ge­legen­­heit zum Gedankenaustausch mit Florian Gerster, dem Vorstands­vor­sitzenden des Bundesverbands Paket und Expresslogistik e. V. (BIEK) und ehemaligen Vorstandsvorsitzenden der Bundesagentur für Arbeit. Gerster ging insbesondere auf die Beschäftigungschancen gering qualifizier­ter Flüchtlinge ein und zog dabei aufschlussreiche Parallelen zwischen den Branchen Logistik und Landwirtschaft.
Die Studien sind in Band 33 der „Schriftenreihe der Rentenbank“ veröffent­licht und können kostenlos bestellt werden (Tel. 069/2107-363; Fax -6447; www.rentenbank.de). Dieser und frühere Bände der Schriften­reihe sind auch als PDF auf der Homepage der Rentenbank kostenlos abrufbar.
Service:Die Edmund Rehwinkel-Stiftung der Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank wurde 1974 zur Erinnerung an den früheren Bauernpräsidenten und langjährigen Vorsitzenden des Verwaltungsrates der Rentenbank ins Leben gerufen. Ziel der Stiftung ist die Förderung von agrarbezogener Wissenschaft und Forschung. Die Stiftung schreibt dazu einmal im Jahr ein aktuelles Schwerpunktthema aus. Interessierte können sich darauf mit einer Projektskizze um Förderung bewerben. Darüber hinaus vergibt die Stiftung Stipendien an Studierende, die ihren Master mit agrar- oder ernährungswissenschaftlichem Schwerpunkt an einer deutschen Hochschule absolvieren. Unter dem Titel „Wissenschaft.Praxis.Dialog“ fördert die Stiftung zusätzlich den Austausch zwischen der forschenden Wissenschaft und der land- sowie ernährungswirtschaftlichen Praxis. Nähere Informationen unter www.rehwinkel-stiftung.de.







Über 1 000 Kauri-Bäume für Neuseeland-Anleihen der Rentenbank gepflanzt
24. Mai 2017
Die Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank in Frankfurt am Main refinanziert sich auch am neuseeländischen Kapitalmarkt. Der sogenannte „Kauri-Markt“ ist nach dem größten auf Neuseeland heimischen Baum benannt. Vor zehn Jahren begab die deutsche Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft und den ländlichen Raum ihren ersten „Kauri-Bond“ über 275 Mio. Neuseeländische Dollar (NZD). Das entspricht nach aktuellem Wechselkurs etwa 170 Mio. Euro. Seitdem begibt sie dort regelmäßig Anleihen. Gemessen am Gesamtvolumen der platzierten Anleihen von knapp 4 Mrd. NZD (etwa 2,49 Mrd. Euro), ist die Rentenbank einer der bedeutendsten Emittenten am Kauri-Markt.






Die unter Naturschutz stehenden Kauri-Bäume, die in der Mythologie der Māori eine wichtige Rolle spielen, sind nicht nur Namensgeber für diesen Anleihemarkt, sondern sie profitieren auch ganz konkret davon, nämlich durch ein Programm der Bank of New Zealand (BNZ). Die BNZ pflanzt zusammen mit der gemeinnützigen Nichtregierungsorganisation „Kauri 2000 Trust“ auf der Coromandel-Halbinsel pro Transaktion auf dem Kauri-Markt 100 Kauri-Bäume. Über die BNZ hat die Rentenbank bereits elf Kauri-Transaktionen getätigt. So ist dort allein durch Rentenbank-An­leihen in den letzten zehn Jahren ein kleiner Wald von 1 100 jungen Kauri-Bäumen entstanden.
„Wir arbeiten permanent daran, unsere Investorenbasis auf den internationalen Kapitalmärkten zu verbreitern und zu diversifizieren. Denn eine günstige Refinanzierung leistet einen wesentlichen Beitrag dazu, dass wir unseren gesetzlichen Förderauftrag in Deutschland effizient erfüllen können. Es freut uns natürlich ganz besonders, wenn dadurch zusätzlich auch noch ein Naturschutzprojekt am anderen Ende der Welt unterstützt wird“, so Horst Reinhardt, Sprecher des Vorstands der Rentenbank.
Der Kauri-Markt wurde für ausländische Emittenten durch eine Entscheidung der neuseeländischen Zentralbank attraktiv. Da Neuseeland aufgrund seiner geringen Staatsverschuldung immer weniger Staatsanleihen ausgab, drohte der dortige Anleihemarkt auszutrocknen. Deshalb erkannte die Reserve Bank of New Zea­land (RBNZ) 2007 unter anderem auch Anleihen der Rentenbank als sogenannte repofähige Sicherheiten an. Die Rentenbank verfügt als bundesunmittelbare Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts mit expliziter Haftungszusage des Bundes für ihre Verbindlichkeiten über ein Triple-A-Rating der drei großen Rating-Agenturen.
Hintergrund:Die Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank ist die deutsche Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft und den ländlichen Raum. Im Rah­men ihres gesetzlichen Auftrags fördert sie agrarbezogene Vorhaben durch zinsgünstige Fi­nan­zie­rungen, die wettbewerbsneutral über die Hausbanken vergeben werden. Auch die Ge­winn­ver­wen­dung unterliegt dem Förderauftrag. Die Bank ist eine bundesunmittelbare Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts, deren Grund­ka­pital von der Land- und Forstwirtschaft der Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgebracht wurde. Die Förderbank gehört zu den wenigen Triple-A-Adressen Deutschlands und refinanziert sich überwiegend an den internationalen Finanzmärkten.







Geschäftsjahr 2016: Förderneugeschäft der Rentenbank nahezu auf Rekordniveau
26. April 2017
- Geschäftsjahr 2016: Programmkredite und Emissionsgeschäft nahezu auf Rekordniveau, Betriebsergebnisse nach HGB und IFRS gestiegen, Kapitalquoten verbessert.
- Erstes Quartal 2017: Deutlich gestiegene Nachfrage nach Programmkrediten, erfolgreiche Emissionstätigkeit.
 






Der Vorstand der Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank in Frankfurt am Main zeigte sich anlässlich der Bilanzpressekonferenz der Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft und den ländlichen Raum mit dem Geschäftsjahr 2016 zufrieden. „Trotz der schwierigen Lage in der Landwirtschaft haben wir beim Neugeschäft mit unseren zinsgünstigen Programmkrediten fast den Rekordwert des Vorjahres erreicht. Dazu trugen Zuwächse bei erneuerbaren Energien, in der Agrar- und Ernährungswirtschaft und in der ländlichen Entwicklung bei. Die schwierige Situation der Landwirtschaft entspannte sich in der zweiten Jahreshälfte zusehends“, so Horst Reinhardt, Vorstandssprecher der Rentenbank.
Auch im laufenden Jahr 2017 zeichnet sich eine Fortsetzung der positiven Entwicklung ab. Im ersten Quartal lag das Neugeschäft bei Programmkrediten mit fast 2 Mrd. Euro rund 31 % über dem Niveau des entsprechenden Vorjahreszeitraums. Im Emissionsgeschäft konnte die Rentenbank in den ersten drei Monaten mit 4,8 Mrd. Euro schon mehr als ein Drittel ihres geplanten Mittelbedarfs für 2017 decken.
Programmkredite: Darlehen für erneuerbare Energien stark nachgefragt
Im Geschäftsjahr 2016 erreichte die Rentenbank mit insgesamt 7,7 Mrd. Euro (2015: 7,8 Mrd. Euro) beim Neugeschäft mit ihren zinsgünstigen Programmkrediten fast das Rekordniveau des Vorjahres. Dabei stiegen insbesondere Förderdarlehen für Investitionen in erneuerbare Energien deutlich auf 1,9 Mrd. Euro (1,5 Mrd. Euro). Den Schwerpunkt in dieser Sparte bildeten erneut Finanzierungen von Windkraftanlagen, die sich auf 1,5 Mrd. Euro (1,1 Mrd. Euro) erhöhten. Darin sind Zusagen in Höhe von 0,5 Mrd. Euro (0,5 Mrd. Euro) für „Bürger- und Bauernwindparks“ enthalten.
In der Fördersparte „Landwirtschaft“ finanziert die Rentenbank schwerpunktmäßig klassische landwirtschaftliche Investitionen. Aufgrund der teilweise angespannten wirtschaftlichen Lage in der Landwirtschaft sagte die Bank dafür mit 2,4 Mrd. Euro ein im Vergleich zum Vorjahr (3,2 Mrd. Euro) deutlich geringeres Kreditvolumen zu. Für Gebäude, insbesondere für Stallbauten, stellte die Bank 814 Mio. Euro (1,1 Mrd. Euro) bereit, für Flächenkäufe 626 Mio. Euro (773 Mio. Euro) und für Maschineninvestitionen 501 Mio. Euro (630 Mio. Euro).
Darüber hinaus fördert die Rentenbank auch die ländliche Entwicklung. Hier finanziert die Bank hauptsächlich kommunale Infrastrukturmaßnahmen, auch im Rahmen von Globalrefinanzierungsvereinbarungen mit den Förderbanken der Bundesländer. Insgesamt sagte die Rentenbank dafür 2,4 Mrd. Euro (2,3 Mrd. Euro) zu. 
Emissionsgeschäft: Banken unverändert wichtigste Investorengruppe 
Zur Refinanzierung ihres Fördergeschäfts nahm die Rentenbank 2016 mittel- und langfristige Kapitalmarktmittel in Höhe von 12,7 Mrd. Euro (13,0 Mrd. Euro) an den in- und ausländischen Kapitalmärkten auf. 47 % (46 %) der aufgenommenen Mittel entfielen auf Banken, für die Emissionen der Rentenbank wegen ihrer bankaufsichtsrechtlichen Nullgewichtung besonders attraktiv sind. Daneben spielten Zentralbanken und andere offizielle Stellen erneut eine bedeutende Rolle bei der Refinanzierung der Bank. Ihr Anteil lag mit 32 % leicht unter dem Vorjahreswert (35 %). 
Der US-Dollar blieb mit einem Anteil von 50 % (50 %) wichtigste Emissionswährung, während der Euro 32 % (22 %) zum Mittelaufkommen beitrug. Den dritten Rang nahm mit 10 % (5 %) das Britische Pfund ein. 
Anteil der Programmkredite in der Bilanz weiter gestiegen 
Die Bilanzsumme (HGB) stieg 2016 auf 86,3 Mrd. Euro (83,9 Mrd. Euro). Da die Rentenbank ihre Kredite grundsätzlich wettbewerbsneutral über andere Banken und Sparkassen vergibt, fallen auf der Aktivseite der Bilanz die Forderungen an Kreditinstitute mit 57,8 Mrd. Euro (55,7 Mrd. Euro) bzw. einem Anteil von 67 % (66 %) besonders stark ins Gewicht. Der Bestand der Programmkredite in der Bilanz nahm weiter zu, da das Neugeschäft die Fälligkeiten überstieg. Die Programmkredite valutierten am Jahresende 2016 mit 41,9 Mrd. Euro (40,1 Mrd. Euro). 
Das verbriefte Fördergeschäft, das in der Bilanz in der Position „Schuldverschreibungen und andere festverzinsliche Wertpapiere“ enthalten ist, betrug 15,9 Mrd. Euro (16,6 Mrd. Euro). Der Wertpapierbestand lag am Jahresende 2016 insgesamt bei 17,8 Mrd. Euro (18,3 Mrd. Euro). 
Auf der Passivseite der Bilanz bilden die verbrieften Verbindlichkeiten mit 70,0 Mrd. Euro (67,3 Mrd. Euro) den größten Einzelposten. Darin sind Medium Term Notes in Höhe von 50,2 Mrd. Euro (50,0 Mrd. Euro) enthalten, 14,0 Mrd. Euro (13,9 Mrd. Euro) an Globalanleihen und 5,7 Mrd. Euro (3,4 Mrd. Euro) an Euro Commercial Papers. 
Die Eigenmittel (HGB) wuchsen in der Bilanz 2016 auf 4,9 Mrd. Euro (4,7 Mrd. Euro). Davon entfielen 3,1 Mrd. Euro (2,9 Mrd. Euro) auf den Fonds für allgemeine Bankrisiken. 
Betriebsergebnis gestiegen 
Das Betriebsergebnis vor Risikovorsorge und Bewertung (HGB) erreichte 2016 254,4 Mio. Euro (233,5 Mio. Euro). Der Vorjahreswert wurde um den Einmaleffekt einer konzerninternen Sonderausschüttung in Höhe von 49,8 Mio. Euro bereinigt. Nach Risikovorsorge und Bewertung stieg der Jahresüberschuss auf 59,0 Mio. Euro (57,0 Mio. Euro). Den nach Dotierung der Rücklagen verbleibenden Bilanzgewinn von 14,8 Mio. Euro (14,3 Mio. Euro) verwendet die Rentenbank ebenfalls für Förderzwecke. Er wird je zur Hälfte dem Zweckvermögen und dem Förderungsfonds zugeführt. 
IFRS-Abschluss: Operatives Ergebnis leicht gestiegen 
Das Operative Ergebnis des Geschäftsjahres 2016 in Höhe von 239,1 Mio. Euro lag leicht über dem entsprechenden Vorjahreswert (238,2 Mio. Euro). Höhere Aufwendungen für die Risikovorsorge und den Förderbeitrag sowie gestiegene Verwaltungsaufwendungen konnten durch einen höheren Zinsüberschuss und durch das verbesserte Übrige Ergebnis überkompensiert werden. 
Nach einem Bewertungsgewinn von 204,9 Mio. Euro im Vorjahr fiel das Fair-Value- und Hedge-Ergebnis 2016 deutlich auf -235,0 Mio. Euro, insbesondere durch Bewertungsverluste aufgrund des Rückgangs der Credit Spreads der eigenen Emissionen. Entsprechend lag das Konzerngesamtergebnis zum 31.12.2016 mit 7,9 Mio. Euro (392,3 Mio. Euro) um 384,4 Mio. Euro ebenfalls deutlich unter dem Vorjahreswert. „Als Nichthandelsbuchinstitut verfolgen wir eine Buy-and-Hold-Strategie. Bewertungsgewinne und -verluste sind daher lediglich temporäre Größen, die sich bis zur Fälligkeit der jeweiligen Geschäfte neutralisieren, solange kein Kontrahent ausfällt", erläuterte Hans Bernhardt, der im Vorstand den Bereich Finanzen verantwortet. 
Kapitalquoten verbessert 
Die Kapitalquoten auf Basis der EU-Bankenverordnung (CRR) haben sich 2016 im Jahresvergleich weiter erhöht. Die harte Kernkapitalquote betrug 23,2 % (20,2 %) und die Gesamtkapitalquote 25,7 % (23,2 %).
Kennzahlen 2016 (PDF)
 
Hintergrund: 
Die Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank ist die deutsche Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft und den ländlichen Raum. Im Rahmen ihres gesetzlichen Auftrags fördert sie agrarbezogene Vorhaben durch zinsgünstige Finanzierungen, die wettbewerbsneutral über die Hausbanken vergeben werden. Auch die Gewinnverwendung unterliegt dem Förderauftrag. Die Bank ist eine bundesunmittelbare Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts, deren Grundkapital von der Land- und Forstwirtschaft der Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgebracht wurde. Die Förderbank gehört zu den wenigen Triple-A-Adressen Deutschlands und refinanziert sich überwiegend an den internationalen Finanzmärkten. 
Diese Pressemitteilung enthält bestimmte in die Zukunft gerichtete Aussagen, die auf gegenwärtigen Erwartungen, Annahmen, Vermutungen und Prognosen des Vorstands sowie den ihm derzeit verfügbaren Informationen basieren. Hierbei handelt es sich insbesondere um Aussagen hinsichtlich unserer Pläne, Geschäftsstrategien und -aussichten. Wörter wie "erwarten", "antizipieren", "beabsichtigen", "planen", "glauben", "anstreben", "schätzen" und ähnliche Begriffe kennzeichnen solche zukunftsgerichteten Aussagen. Diese Aussagen sind nicht als Garantien der darin genannten zukünftigen Entwicklungen zu verstehen, sondern sie sind vielmehr von Faktoren abhängig, die Risiken und Unwägbarkeiten beinhalten und auf Annahmen beruhen, die sich ggf. als unrichtig erweisen. Sofern keine anders lautenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen bestehen, können wir keine Verpflichtung zur Aktualisierung der zukunftsgerichteten Aussagen nach Veröffentlichung dieser Information übernehmen.
 




Meldungen





31. Mai 2017Arbeitsmarkt, Ausbildung und Migranten in der Landwirtschaft - Edmund Rehwinkel-Stiftung präsentiert Forschungsergebnisse
„Durch den technischen Fortschritt steigt der Bedarf an höher qualifizierten Arbeitskräften in der Landwirtschaft stetig an. Das gilt auch für die Anforde­rungen an die Aus- und Weiterbildung. Gleichzeitig bietet die Branche aber nach wie vor auch weniger qualifizierten Arbeitskräften Beschäftigungs­chancen.“ Zur Integration von Flüchtlingen in den Arbeitsmarkt könne die Landwirtschaft ebenfalls einen wichtigen Beitrag leisten. So fasst Dr. Horst Reinhardt, Sprecher des Vorstands der Landwirtschaftlichen Rentenbank und Vorstandsvorsitzender der Edmund Rehwinkel-Stiftung, einige der Ergebnisse von fünf wissenschaftlichen Studien zusammen, welche die Stiftung bei ihrem jährlichen Symposium in Berlin vorgestellt hat.









24. Mai 2017Über 1 000 Kauri-Bäume für Neuseeland-Anleihen der Rentenbank gepflanzt
Die Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank in Frankfurt am Main refinanziert sich auch am neuseeländischen Kapitalmarkt. Der sogenannte „Kauri-Markt“ ist nach dem größten auf Neuseeland heimischen Baum benannt. Vor zehn Jahren begab die deutsche Förderbank für die Agrarwirtschaft und den ländlichen Raum ihren ersten „Kauri-Bond“ über 275 Mio. Neuseeländische Dollar (NZD). Das entspricht nach aktuellem Wechselkurs etwa 170 Mio. Euro. Seitdem begibt sie dort regelmäßig Anleihen. Gemessen am Gesamtvolumen der platzierten Anleihen von knapp 4 Mrd. NZD (etwa 2,49 Mrd. Euro), ist die Rentenbank einer der bedeutendsten Emittenten am Kauri-Markt.









26. April 2017Geschäftsjahr 2016: Förderneugeschäft der Rentenbank nahezu auf Rekordniveau
- Geschäftsjahr 2016: Programmkredite und Emissionsgeschäft nahezu auf Rekordniveau, Betriebsergebnisse nach HGB und IFRS gestiegen, Kapitalquoten verbessert.
- Erstes Quartal 2017: Deutlich gestiegene Nachfrage nach Programmkrediten, erfolgreiche Emissionstätigkeit.
 









Zum Pressebereich


Unsere Termine



17. Oktober


9. Berliner Forum
Berlin, Veranstalter: DBV e.V., DGAR e.V. und Edmund Rehwinkel-Stiftung










12. – 18. November


Agritechnica
Hannover, Rentenbank in Halle 21, Stand-Nr. C29


















Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Wikipedia





















 






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Deutschen Rentenbank.

Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank


Type

Institute under Public Law


Industry
Finance and Insurance


Founded
1949


Headquarters
Frankfurt am Main, Germany


Products
Financial Services



Number of employees

269 (2015)


Website
www.rentenbank.de


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a state-owned bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in Germany.[1] It was established by statute in 1949 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main. It is a successor to the Rentenbank Kreditanstalt (RKA), a major lender in the agricultural sector formed in 1925 by merger with the Deutschen Rentenbank, established as the currency issuer of the Rentenmark in 1923.[2]
References[edit]

^ www.rentenbank.de
^ Historie der Rentenbank 1923 - 1948





This German bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Landwirtschaftliche_Rentenbank&oldid=744754877"					
Categories: Banks of GermanyCompanies based in FrankfurtInvestment banksBanks established in 1949German company stubsEuropean bank stubsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 October 2016, at 06:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank - Wikipedia





















 






Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Deutschen Rentenbank.

Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank


Type

Institute under Public Law


Industry
Finance and Insurance


Founded
1949


Headquarters
Frankfurt am Main, Germany


Products
Financial Services



Number of employees

269 (2015)


Website
www.rentenbank.de


Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is a state-owned bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in Germany.[1] It was established by statute in 1949 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main. It is a successor to the Rentenbank Kreditanstalt (RKA), a major lender in the agricultural sector formed in 1925 by merger with the Deutschen Rentenbank, established as the currency issuer of the Rentenmark in 1923.[2]
References[edit]

^ www.rentenbank.de
^ Historie der Rentenbank 1923 - 1948





This German bank or insurance-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Landwirtschaftliche_Rentenbank&oldid=744754877"					
Categories: Banks of GermanyCompanies based in FrankfurtInvestment banksBanks established in 1949German company stubsEuropean bank stubsHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 October 2016, at 06:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






