


























Paul Langenbahn | NCR | World Leader In Consumer Transaction Technologies



















Skip to main content





NCR




CompanyCompanyCompany Overview
Interact Global Partners
Suppliers
Hospitality service partners
Technology partners
Locations

Executive Leadership Team
Corporate Responsibility
Corporate Governance
Investor Relations
Locations

SolutionsFinancial Services
Retail
Hospitality
Travel
Telecom & Technology
Small Business
Public Sector

Product CatalogAll Products
ProductsNCR ATM Solutions
NCR Point-of-Sale Solutions
Airport, Airline & Travel Solutions
Cinemas & Theaters Solutions
Digital Banking Solutions
Banking Branch Transformation Solutions
Department & Specialty Retail Solutions
Food, Drug & Mass Merchandise Solutions
Networking & Collaboration Solutions
Petroleum & Convenience Solutions
Postal Automation Solutions
Restaurant Solutions
Telecom Storefront Solutions
Venues & Stadium Solutions
Wholesale Distribution Solutions

ServicesBanking Services
Retail Services
Restaurant Services
Cinema & Theater Services
Venue & Stadium Services
Airline Services
Airport Services
Telecom & Technology Services
Government Contact Vehicles


NewsNewsroomNews Releases
NCR in the News
NCR Blogs
Resources
Media Contacts
Bill Nuti in the News
Awards and recognition


CareersCareers Overview
Why Work Here?

Blogs
Support
Contact Us







MyNCR
 




Language


العربية (Arabic)
简体中文 (Chinese)
English (UK)
English (US)
English (Australia)
Español (América Latina)
Français (Canada)
Français (French)
Deutsch (German)
עִברִית (Hebrew) 
Italiano (Italian)
日本語 (Japanese)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portugese)
России (Russian)
Српски (Serbian)
Español (Spanish)
Türkçe (Turkish)






Social

LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
 




Search


Search 




 



Menu



















 Paul Langenbahn

EVP, Global Software 


Paul Langenbahn is Executive Vice President, NCR Software.  In this role, he has responsibility for NCR’s global software business.  He and his team are focused on growing NCR’s strategic solutions in Omni-Channel Software including NCR’s Omni-Channel Platform, Channel Transformation and Digital Enablement solutions. 
Prior to leading the NCR Software business, Paul served as Senior Vice President and President of NCR’s Hospitality Division from 2014-2016 and as Vice President, Global Field Operations from 2012 – 2014.  Prior to joining NCR Paul served in various leadership roles at Radiant Systems Inc., including as President, Radiant Hospitality Business Unit, from 2007 until the firm was acquired by NCR in 2011. 
Langenbahn and his family are passionate about the continent of Africa and specifically the plight of orphan children in the nation of Zambia. He also advises several Dallas area small businesses on how to drive profitable growth through a relentless focus on customer satisfaction and the strategic allocation of resources.
 















News



NCR and DoorDash Join Forces to Simplify the End-to-End Dining Experience
DoorDash integration with the industry-leading NCR Aloha POS will help improve store operations and reduce delivery times
Read More 

 



NCR Corporation Redefining the #banking experience through #omnichannel https://t.co/q4st7U7UyY via @bobsguidedotcom 





Blog



Remote check deposit - what banks need to offer SMEs
The use of checks as a form of payment may have declined significantly from its peak, but there's still a long way to go before we can consign them to the history books. According to the Federal Reserve's 2016 Payments Study, there were some 17.3 billion check payments in the US in 2015, with a total value of $26.83 trillion.
Read More 

 






Did you know
Over 830,000 of the world's 3.1 million ATMs are NCR machines.
 













    Paul Langenbahn | NCR Corporation | ZoomInfo.com


Paul Langenbahn | NCR Corporation | Email Vice President Information Technology and System Admina | @ncr.com | Phone: (800) 225-5627








































 









 



  Business Card for  Paul Langenbahn:


   Paul Langenbahn
 Vice President Information Technology and System Admina
Alpharetta, GA area 





NCR Corporation 
 
                  2651 Satellite Blvd                  

Duluth, GA 30096  

                  Tel: (937) 445-5000 

www.ncr.com
 Last updated on 2016-09-28 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About  Paul Langenbahn:

 Paul Langenbahn  works as an Vice President Information Technology and System Admina for NCR Corporation at Alpharetta, GA.  The company's webpage is http://www.ncr.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Vice President Information Technology and System Admina and other executives of NCR Corporation at Alpharetta, GA, check
                  NCR Corporation                  at Joesdata.com. Not the  Paul Langenbahn you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named  Paul Langenbahn. 

  Paul Langenbahn's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


  Paul Langenbahn's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


  Paul Langenbahn's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 25, 2017,  Paul Langenbahn has
                1196                co-workers under the company name
                NCR Corporation                at Joesdata.com. 






 About NCR Corporation:

                    NCR Corporation (NCR) is a technology company, which provides products and services, which enable businesses to connect, interact and transact with their customers. NCR?s portfolio of self-service and assisted-service solutions serve customers in the financial services, retail, hospitality, travel and gaming and entertainment industries and include automated teller machines (ATMs), self-service kiosks and point of sale (POS) devices, as well as software applications. In June 2012, the Company acquired POS Integrated Solutions; Wyse Sistemas de Informatica Ltda., and Radiant Distribution Solutions (RDS), a NCR Hospitality hardware distribution partner. In November 2012, NCR acquired Retalix Ltd. In January 2013, the Company purchased uGenius Technology, Inc. In February 2013, the Company ac......      (Source: SEC reports)  

Company News:
2017-07-24 19:30:39NCR and DoorDash Join Forces to Simplify the End-to-End Dining Experience2017-07-24 19:30:36Industry Leaders NCR and Grubhub Streamline the Management of Delivery and Online Ordering2017-07-24 18:48:23NCR and DoorDash Join Forces to Simplify the End-to-End Dining Experience2017-07-24 17:49:06Industry Leaders NCR and Grubhub Streamline the Management of Delivery and Online Ordering2017-07-20 19:30:43NCR Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results2017-07-20 19:12:24NCR Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results2017-07-17 19:30:40NCR Simplifies Operations for Community Financial Institutions with Turn-Key Managed Services2017-07-17 17:48:58NCR Simplifies Operations for Community Financial Institutions with Turn-Key Managed Services2017-07-12 19:30:43Swiss Banks Rely on NCR for Introduction of Multivendor ATM Software2017-07-12 17:06:27Swiss Banks Rely on NCR for Introduction of Multivendor ATM Software 
 
People in the same industry:

Michael PamphilonVice President for Australia and New ZealandNComputing, Inc. USAWilliam PrattSVP Colocation GroupDatapipeMark RomanowskiEVPASI System IntegrationSherilyn EvansChief Technical Services OfficerCENICStephen SaundersReading Light IncLight ReadingMitsuru HashimotoManaging Director Regional Head of JapanIdenTrust, Inc. 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.















Paul Langenbahn | NCR Corporation | Email @ncr.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Paul Langenbahn

 NCR Corporation  EVP, NCR Software


Updated On : 
                    Mar 14, 2017                            

export

















3097 Satellite Boulevard

Duluth, GA 30096


Email format for @ncr.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
> 10000

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Services->Technology Consulting/Services                    
SIC Code:  
                         3578  - Calculating and Accounting Equipment








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Paul Langenbahn's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in NCR Corporation's Lead411 profile and other NCR Corporation email addresses with the @ncr.com domain format.  He is part of NCR Corporation where he serves as the EVP, NCR Software.  NCR Corporation's main office is set in Duluth, GA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Technology consulting/services category.  Some possible email formats for Paul Langenbahn are PLangenbahn@ncr.com, Paul.Langenbahn@ncr.com, Paul@ncr.com, and Paul_Langenbahn@ncr.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ncr.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Paul L - Other
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Paul L?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Department of Homeland Security email addresses within the @dhs.gov profile so Paul L's email could be included.  Paul L is part of the Department of Homeland Security which has its main offices in Washington, DC.  Currently holds the post of ***.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Government industry.  Some possible email formats for Paul L are PL@dhs.gov, Paul.L@dhs.gov, Paul@dhs.gov, and Paul_L@dhs.gov. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@dhs.gov addresses.
Paul L - Other
A Gainsborough, ENG-based organization, Eminox Ltd is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @eminox.com email addresses, as well as details on Paul L's email, the organization's Systems Developer. Their profile can be found in Portal category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Paul L, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Paul L are PL@eminox.com, Paul.L@eminox.com, Paul@eminox.com, and Paul_L@eminox.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@eminox.com addresses.
Paul L - Other
Located in Brockville, ON Northern Cables Inc. has Paul L serving as the organization's Supervisor. Need Paul L's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Northern Cables Inc. Lead411 profile, along with their Northern Cables Inc. email addresses using the domain. Search for Northern Cables Inc. on Lead411 under the Materials/manufacturing industry.  Some possible email formats for Paul L are PL@northerncables.com, Paul.L@northerncables.com, Paul@northerncables.com, and Paul_L@northerncables.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@northerncables.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Bob Tramontano - Executive
For NCR Corporation email addresses with the @ncr.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Bob Tramontano, you may check in NCR Corporation's Lead411 profile. Bob Tramontano is currently the Chief of Staff - Global Services, Hardware Eng, Product Mgt, Telco & Tech Sales, Quality for NCR Corporation. The company's CEO is Alberts Debra. The contact information of NCR Corporation on Lead411 is filed under the Technology consulting/services. Their main offices are in Duluth, GA.  Some possible email formats for Bob Tramontano are BTramontano@ncr.com, Bob.Tramontano@ncr.com, Bob@ncr.com, and Bob_Tramontano@ncr.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ncr.com addresses.
Martin Kawecki - Executive
Martin Kawecki is the current IT Director - CRM EBS Oracle Implementation. You can find Martin Kawecki's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on NCR Corporation's Lead411 profile, as well as NCR Corporation email addresses with the @ncr.com domain format. Martin Kawecki's email may or may not be inside the profile.  NCR Corporation is situated in Duluth, GA. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Technology consulting/services.  Some possible email formats for Martin Kawecki are MKawecki@ncr.com, Martin.Kawecki@ncr.com, Martin@ncr.com, and Martin_Kawecki@ncr.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ncr.com addresses.
Roland True - Sales - Marketing
A Duluth, GA-based organization, NCR Corporation is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @ncr.com email addresses, as well as details on Roland True's email, the organization's Solutions Marketing. Their profile can be found in Technology consulting/services category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Roland True, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Roland True are RTrue@ncr.com, Roland.True@ncr.com, Roland@ncr.com, and Roland_True@ncr.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ncr.com addresses.

People Directory > Paul Langenbahn




















Paul Edward Langenbahn - Manitou Springs, CO | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Paul Edward Langenbahn in Manitou Springs, CO


Paul Edward Langenbahn

                                                                           Intelius found that Paul Edward Langenbahn  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Manitou Springs, CO.  We have connected them to
                24 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Pual  Langenbahn


Get Report Now

Age

Paul Edward Langenbahn is in his 40s

Paul Has Lived In

Manitou Springs, CO
Houston, TX
Colorado Springs, CO

Paul's Relatives

Michelle Langenbahn
Gary Langenbahn
Conor Langenbahn







Paul Edward Langenbahn



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at NCR Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Paul? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Paul, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Paul Edward Langenbahn
Get a Criminal Check on Paul Edward Langenbahn
Get a Public Record Report on Paul Edward Langenbahn
Get a People Search Report on Paul Edward Langenbahn


Paul Edward Langenbahn's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Paul Edward Langenbahn has lived as well as Paul Edward Langenbahn's phone numbers and email addresses.




Paul Edward Langenbahn Has Lived in 5 States
Colorado Address for Paul Edward Langenbahn


21 S***** L* 

Manitou Springs, CO


Has Lived In

Manitou Springs, CO
Houston, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Paul Edward Langenbahn

(719) ***-**** - Manitou Springs, CO 
(817) ***-**** - Southlake, TX 
(770) ***-**** - Alpharetta, GA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Paul Edward Langenbahn

p*************n@***.com
p*********n@***.com
p*************n@***.net


Get Email Report




Paul Edward Langenbahn's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Paul Edward Langenbahn's academic history.  Find out which schools Paul Edward Langenbahn attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Paul Edward Langenbahn received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Paul Edward Langenbahn Has Attended 2 Schools
University of Colorado at Colorado Springs 1986 – 1990               Paul Edward Langenbahn has a Business Administration and Management, General in General               
Capital High School               1982 – 1986                              


Paul Edward Langenbahn's Professional Information
Information regarding Paul Edward Langenbahn's professional history.  Find out previous places Paul Edward Langenbahn has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Paul Edward Langenbahn Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: NCR Corporation
               Title: Vice President
Company: NCR Corporation
               Title: Vice President Information Technology and System Admina
Paul Edward Langenbahn's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: NCR Corporation
Job Details
               NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is the global leader in consumer transaction technologies, turning everyday interactions with businesses into exceptional experiences. With its software, hardware, and portfolio of services, NCR enables more than 550 million transactions daily across retail, financial, travel, hospitality, telecom and technology, and small business. NCR solutions run the everyday transactions that make your life easier. NCR is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia with over 30,000 employees and does business in 180 countries. NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Title: Vice President Information Technology and System Admina
               Company: NCR Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Additional Professional Information on Paul Edward Langenbahn

 See Paul Edward Langenbahn's LinkedIn Profile



Paul Edward Langenbahn's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Paul Edward Langenbahn


Paul Edward Langenbahn's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Paul Edward Langenbahn's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Paul Langenbahn
Username Matches

                  PaulLangenbahn
                  LangenbahnPaul
                  Paul.Langenbahn
                  Langenbahn.Paul
                  Paul_Langenbahn
                  Langenbahn_Paul
                  Paul-Langenbahn
                  Langenbahn-Paul
                  PLangenbahn
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
P Langenbahn







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 




















Restaurants Sue Vendor for Unsecured Card Processor | WIRED







 












































































Skip to: Start of article


Visually Open Nav.





Go to Wired Home Page.






						Restaurants Sue Vendor for Unsecured Card Processor					







subscribe



Open Search Field.







Search



























Advertisement.




Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article.



Author: Kim Zetter.

Kim Zetter 

Security 


Date of Publication: 11.30.09.
11.30.09


Time of Publication: 11:44 pm.
11:44 pm




Restaurants Sue Vendor for Unsecured Card Processor



Seven restaurants have sued the maker of a bank card-processing system for failing to secure the product from a Romanian hacker who breached their systems.
The restaurants, located in Louisiana and Mississippi, filed a class-action suit against Georgia-based Radiant Systems for producing a point-of-sale (POS) system that they say was not compliant with payment card industry security standards and resulted in an undetermined number of customers having their debit and credit card numbers stolen.
The suit alleges that the system stored all the data embedded on the bank card magnetic stripe after the transaction was completed — a violation of industry security standards that made it a high-risk target for hackers.
Also named in the suit is Computer World, a Louisiana-based retailer, which sold and maintained Radiant’s Aloha POS system.
According to plaintiffs, Computer World’s technicians allegedly installed the remote-access program PCAnywhere on the systems to allow its technicians to fix technical problems from off-site. The only problem is, the company failed to secure the program. The suit alleges that the system was not up to date with software patches, and the PCAnywhere remote log-in and password that technicians used to access the POS systems was the same at every one of the 200 Louisiana locations where the system was installed. According to one of the plaintiffs who spoke with Threat Level, the default login was “administrator” and the password was “computer.”


As a result, a hacker, believed to be based in Romania, accessed the systems of at least 19 businesses through the PCAnywhere software, and possibly others plaintiffs say. Once inside, the hacker installed malware to grab card data as it was swiped and send it to an e-mail address in Romania. The hack follows a wave of similar attacks that targeted point-of-sale systems at other national retailers and restaurant chains between 2005 and early 2009, including Dave & Busters restaurants, Hannaford Brothers, TJX, Wal-Mart and others.
The suit was filed in March in the U.S. District Court in Louisiana, but the court ruled only last week that the seven plaintiffs could proceed as a group with their case, opening the way for additional plaintiffs to join the litigation.
“We want other restaurants nationally to be aware of the hidden dangers posed by these technology companies and the unfair penalties imposed by the credit card companies,” said plaintiffs attorney Shiel Gallagher in a press release. “These huge companies shouldn’t have the power to destroy these restaurants.”
The plaintiffs include Crawfish Town USA, Don’s Seafood & Steak House, Jone’s Creek Cafe, Mel’s Diner,  Picante’s Mexican Restaurant, Sammy’s Grill and a Best Western. Two other restaurants have also sued Radiant Systems and Computer World separately.
The restaurants are seeking millions in damages to recover their costs from the breach. These include fines levied against them from Visa and other credit card companies for failing to be PCI-compliant, the cost of forensic audits to uncover the source of the breach, chargebacks to cover fraudulent charges made on customer accounts and reimbursements to card providers who had to issue new customer cards.
According to the plaintiffs’ court filing (.pdf), Radiant and Computer World were allegedly warned by Visa in April 2007 that the Aloha system, along with POS systems made by five other vendors, were non-compliant because they stored card data. Visa also sent out a bulletin in November 2006 warning that one of the most frequent vectors for hackers to penetrate POS systems was through poorly configured or unpatched remote-access software (.pdf) and default passwords. Nonetheless, the restaurants say, Radiant and Computer World sold them a product that was neither PCI-compliant nor secured against a known attack.
PCI compliance involves 12 requirements that include: installing and maintaining a firewall, changing default vendor passwords, encryption of transaction data while it’s being processed and updated security patches and anti-virus definitions, among other things. Businesses that accept bank card payments from customers are contractually required by the payment card industry to have PCI-compliant architectures and to use only products that are PCI-compliant.
Charles Hoff, general counsel for the Georgia Restaurant Association and one of the plaintiffs’ attorneys, says these kinds of security disputes are becoming more common but rarely garner public attention because vendors tend to settle rather than risk exposure through a court case. He said this suit was filed only after Radiant refused to take responsibility for the breaches.
“Radiant … took a very arrogant attitude about it,” he told Threat Level. “I’ve had other POS vendors who felt they should be accountable, and the end result was that they knew they needed to do the right thing. Radiant I don’t think thought we were serious. Radiant’s website gives customers the greatest assurance that when it comes to their resellers, they monitor and make sure they’re scrutinized and compliant. It really would give you all the confidence in the world if it was actually done.”
Radiant has declined to comment on the details of the suit.
“What we can say is that Radiant takes data security very seriously and that our products are among the most secure in the industry,” Paul Langenbahn, president of Radiant’s hospitality division, told the Atlanta Journal Constitution. “We believe the allegations against Radiant are without merit, and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves.”

Keith Bond, owner of Mel’s Diner in Broussard, Louisiana, told Threat Level that he purchased his Aloha system for $20,000 and installed it around late November 2007. Computer World, he says, convinced him that the system needed to be connected to the internet for faster transaction processing, as opposed to the dial-up modem connection he had been using for processing.
In April 2008, just a few months after installing the system, one of his employees called to tell him that the mouse cursor on one of three Aloha terminals he’d bought seemed to be moving on its own and that employees were unable to take control of it.
After contacting Computer World technicians, the restaurant was told to disconnect its system from the internet. A service tech appeared the next day to replace the hard drive, but didn’t disclose the nature of the problem or indicate that an intruder had breached the system. Bond learned only later that a keystroke logger had been installed on all three of his Aloha terminals, and that the intruder had been siphoning card numbers for about three weeks.
He discovered this only after Visa and Mastercard contacted him in May to tell him his system had been breached. Bond, whose 24-hour diner processes about 60 to 70 card transactions a day, says 669 card numbers were stolen during the three-week period the hacker was in his system.
“If they had accessed the server, they would have got thousands of card numbers,” Bond said.
The credit card companies forced him to hire a forensic team to investigate the breach, which cost him $19,000. Visa then fined his business $5,000 after the forensic investigators found that the Radiant Aloha system was non-compliant. MasterCard levied a $100,000 fine against his restaurant, but opted to waive the fine, due to the circumstances.
Then the chargebacks started arriving. Bond says the thieves racked up $30,000 on 19 card accounts. He had to pay $20,000 and managed to get the remainder dropped. In total, the breach has cost him about $50,000, and he says his fellow plaintiffs have borne similar costs.
Bond said Radiant and Computer World were unresponsive.
“Radiant just basically hung us out to dry,” he says. “It’s quite obvious to me that they’re at fault…. When you buy a system for $20,000, you feel like you’re getting a state-of-the-art sytem. Then three to four months after I bought the system, I’m hacked into.”
Image courtesy California State Controller’s Office
Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article.
cardingsecurity 


Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News.


Share





Share











Tweet











Comment







Email








Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News.


Share





Share











Tweet











Comment







Email







Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments.






Most Popular


 

Rick and Morty Is Actually Righteous Science Fiction						


Podcasts
Rick and Morty Is Actually Righteous Science Fiction
Geek's Guide to the Galaxy





 

							Talkin’ Glass with Steven Levy						


Gadget Lab Podcast
Talkin’ Glass with Steven Levy
Wired Staff






 

							Review: HP Spectre x2 (2017)						


product review
Review: HP Spectre x2 (2017)
Christopher Null





 

							All the Gear You Need to Stay Secure While You Travel						


gadgets
All the Gear You Need to Stay Secure While You Travel
David Pierce





 

							Sure, But Who’s Gonna Pay to Colonize Space?						


Podcasts
Sure, But Who’s Gonna Pay to Colonize Space?
Geek's Guide to the Galaxy





 

							How the Guy Who Played Jar Jar Binks Survived the Fandom Menace						


Profile
How the Guy Who Played Jar Jar Binks Survived the Fandom Menace
Brian Raftery





 

							Review: Stromer ST1 X						


product review
Review: Stromer ST1 X
Rene Chun





 

							On Vacation With My AI						


Gadget Lab Podcast
On Vacation With My AI
Wired Staff







More Stories








Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer.


View comments















Sponsored Stories
Powered By Outbrain


Powered By Outbrain







More Security





 

Security
 
									Everything You Need to Know About James Comey’s Senate Hearing								
Issie Lapowsky









 

Security
 
									What Christopher Wray Learned From the Last Two FBI Directors								
Garrett M. Graff










 


Gadget Lab Podcast
 
									Talkin’ Glass with Steven Levy								
 echo esc_html( wired_get_the_byline_name( $related_video ) ); ?>











 

Whistleblowers
 
											Feds Charge NSA Contractor Accused of Exposing Russian Hacking										
Andy Greenberg







 

robotics
 
											Banned From the US? There’s a Robot for That										
Emily Dreyfuss









 
 
								Podcasts							

Rick and Morty Is Actually Righteous Science Fiction							
Geek's Guide to the Galaxy








We Recommend
Powered By Outbrain

















Get TheMagazine





				Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger.
			





Subscribe
 



Get OurNewsletter


WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.










Submit



Thank You



Invalid Email








Follow UsOn Twitter





2 hours
Canada may have won the battle, but for Google, the war has just begun bit.ly/2tVhh0j





Follow




Follow UsOn Facebook



Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.




Follow




We’re OnPinterest



See what's inspiring us.




Follow




Follow UsOn Youtube



Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.




Follow








Get OurNewsletter


WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.










Submit



Thank You



Invalid Email










Follow UsOn Twitter





2 hours
Canada may have won the battle, but for Google, the war has just begun bit.ly/2tVhh0j





Follow




Follow UsOn Facebook



Don't miss our latest news, features and videos.




Follow




We’re OnPinterest



See what's inspiring us.




Follow




Follow UsOn Youtube



Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos.




Follow













Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers







We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it.



Sign Up


Already a member? Log in






Thank You




All of us at WIRED appreciate your support!


Continue













 










 









NCR Paul Langenbahn Insider Trades for NCR Corp.


































Bulletin

AMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































NCR Corp.

                  NYSE: NCR
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

NCR Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 4:11 p.m.


NCR

/quotes/zigman/170956/composite


$
40.34




Change

-0.11
-0.28%

Volume
Volume 36,387
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/170956/composite
Today's close

$
			39.61
		


$
				40.45
			
Change

+0.84
+2.12%





Day low
Day high
$39.53
$40.70










52 week low
52 week high

            $26.21
        

            $49.90
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Paul Langenbahn



Mr. Paul Langenbahn is President-Hospitality Division at Radiant Systems, Inc. and President-Hospitality Division at NCR Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from The University of Colorado.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/02/2017
5,955


 
Disposition at $42.46 per share.


252,850


05/01/2017
2,242


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $42.38 per share.


95,016


02/27/2017
4,493


 
Disposition at $49.06 per share.


220,427


02/24/2017
975


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $49.41 per share.


48,175


02/24/2017
1,295


 
Disposition at $47.72 per share.


61,798


02/24/2017
714


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $49.41 per share.


35,279


02/23/2017
517


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $48.48 per share.


25,065


01/03/2017
18,169


 
Disposition at $41.22 per share.


748,927





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. William R. Nuti 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Mark D. Benjamin 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Robert P. Fishman 
Chief Financial & Accounting Officer, EVP




Mr. Eli  Rosner 
Chief Technology Officer-Software Solutions & SVP




Mr. William T. VanCuren 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Andrea L. Ledford 
Chief Administration & HR Officer, Executive VP




Mr. Paul  Langenbahn 
President-Hospitality Division




Mr. J. Robert Ciminera 
SVP-Hardware Solutions & Operations




Ms. Ruth  Fornell 
Senior Vice President-Professional Services




Mr. Frederick  Marquardt 
Executive VP-Services & Hardware Solutions




Mr. Michael  Bayer 
Executive Vice President-Global Sales




Mr. Michael G. Nelson 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Edward Ray Gallagher 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Chinh E.  Chu 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Gregory Robert Blank 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary James Daichendt 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard Lynn Clemmer 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert P. DeRodes 
Independent Director




Mr. Kurt P. Kuehn 
Independent Director




Mr. Edward Pete Boykin 
Independent Non-Executive Director




Ms. Linda Fayne Levinson 
Independent Non-Executive Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:29 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:28pAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations
4:27pBREAKINGAMD jumps after beating on earnings, raising forecast
4:25pThree biotech companies to watch ahead of earnings
4:25pS&P 500, Nasdaq notch records, but historic collapse in 3M stock caps Dow's rally 
4:24pCORRECTEDS&P 500, Nasdaq finish at records as investors cheer earnings
4:23pBREAKING3M Co's logs worst-ever price drop, caps Dow's McDonald's-Caterpillar fueled rally
4:20pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
4:19pChipotle shares rise as earnings beat Wall Street's estimates
4:18pTrump Today: President says he’s ‘disappointed’ in Jeff Sessions 
4:17pAMD reports adjusted earnings of 2 cents a share on sales of $1.22 billion, beating analyst estimates
4:16pSect. of State Tillerson is ‘taking a little time off’
4:15pTrump: Apple’s Tim Cook is promising a major stateside manufacturing push
4:10pAT&T shares rise more than 2% as company beats earnings expectations
4:10pUPS earnings: How much will Prime packages cut into margins?
4:09pNew revenue rules mean more work for companies, big revenue for consultants and auditors
4:09pMichael Kors gets a toehold in men’s shoes with Jimmy Choo purchase
4:08pBREAKINGChipotle shares gain 3.2% after second-quarter earnings 
4:08pCaterpillar’s stock soars to more than 5-year high as sales recession comes to an end
4:08pFacebook earnings: After a sudden change,  Instagram is in focus
4:07pBREAKINGChipotle Q2 same-store sales rise 8.1% 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.08

+7.17
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Paul Langenbahn (Edward), 49  - Colorado Springs, CO | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 PL


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Paul Langenbahn
 Colorado Springs, CO
 Age: 49 -
								03/31/1968









AKA:
                                                Paul E Langebahn, Pual Langenbahn, Paul Edward Langenbahn, Paul E Langenbahn, Paul E Langnebahn, Paul E Langen













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Paul










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number










****@reunionemail.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











26*** **** Ct


Colorado Springs, CO 80920







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Paul Langenbahn  was born in 1968.
        Paul
                   currently lives in 



Colorado Springs
.
        
                     Before that, Paul lived in
                        



Manitou Springs
, CO
                                          from 2002 to 2013.
                                    















About & Contact Information


Paul's Story






Please Wait...


            Paul Langenbahn  was born in 1968.
            Paul
                currently lives in 



Colorado Springs
.
            
                        Before that, Paul lived in
                        



Manitou Springs
, CO
                                        from 2002 to 2013.
                                    





Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
26*** **** Ct
Colorado Springs, CO
View Address


Past Address
70*** **** Ct




Southlake
, TX
View Address


Past Address
2*** **** Ln




Manitou Springs
, CO
View Address


Past Address
48*** **** Dr




Flower Mound
, TX
View Address


Past Address





Manitou Springs
, CO
View Address


Past Address





Colorado Springs
, CO
View Address


Past Address





Flower Mound
, TX
View Address


Past Address





Cumming
, GA
View Address




Email Address
****@reunionemail.com
View Email





    Paul may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Paul's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Paul may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Paul may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Paul may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Paul may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Paul may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Paul's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Paul may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Paul may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Paul's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Paul Langenbahn's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Paul










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Paul may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Paul. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Paul may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Paul may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Paul may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Paul may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 GL



                                                        GaryLangenbahn


                                                      Manitou Springs, CO



 CL



                                                        ConorLangenbahn


                                                      Southlake, TX



 ML



                                                        MichelleLangenbahn


                                                      Manitou Springs, CO




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Paul may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Paul build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Paul Langenbahn
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Paul's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Paul have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Paul
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about them on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Paul

Is there anything you want to say about them on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Paul

Is there anything you want to say about them concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Paul?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Paul Langenbahn?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Paul 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Paul .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Paul Langenbahn
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Paul Langenbahn's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Paul's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Paul Langenbahn











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Paul



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Paul Langenbahn











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Tue Jul 25 13:29:04 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 








NCR Corp (NCR)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















NCR Corp (NCR)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NCR on New York Consolidated


				40.34USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.73


					            (+1.84%)
					        






Prev Close

$39.61


Open

$39.67




Day's High

$40.70


Day's Low

$39.53




Volume

1,038,656


Avg. Vol

1,412,531




52-wk High

$49.90


52-wk Low

$26.21











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							William Nuti

53
2016

                                Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer




							Mark Benjamin

46
2016

                                President, Chief Operating Officer




							Robert Fishman

53
2016

                                Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President




							Andrea Ledford

51
2016

                                Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer




							Michael Bayer

53
2017

                                Executive Vice President - Global Sales




							J. Robert Ciminera

59
2017

                                Executive Vice President - Hardware Product Operations




							Paul Langenbahn

48
2017

                                Executive Vice President - Global Software




							Frederick Marquardt

58
2017

                                Executive Vice President - Global Services




							Edward Gallagher

64
2015

                                Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary




							Chinh Chu

50
2016

                                Lead Independent Director




							Gregory Blank

36
2015

                                Independent Director




							Edward Boykin

78
2016

                                Independent Director




							Richard Clemmer

65
2008

                                Independent Director




							Gary Daichendt

65
2006

                                Independent Director




							Robert DeRodes

66
2008

                                Independent Director




							Kurt Kuehn

62
2012

                                Independent Director




							Linda Levinson

75
2013

                                Independent Director




							Michael Nelson


2016

                                Vice President - Investor Relations



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							William Nuti


					
							Mr. William R. Nuti is Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Prior to October 2016, Mr. Nuti also served as NCR’s President. Mr. Nuti became Chairman of the Board on October 1, 2007. Before joining NCR in August 2005 Mr. Nuti served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Symbol Technologies, Inc., an information technology company. Prior to that, he was Chief Operating Officer of Symbol Technologies. Mr. Nuti joined Symbol Technologies in 2002 following a 10 plus year career at Cisco Systems, Inc., where he advanced to the dual role of Senior Vice President of the company’s Worldwide Service Provider Operations and U.S. Theater Operations. Prior to his Cisco experience Mr. Nuti held sales and management positions at International Business Machines Corporation, Netrix Corporation and Network Equipment Technologies. Mr. Nuti is also a director of Coach, Inc., where he is a member of its Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and of United Continental Holdings, Inc., where he is a member of its Human Resources and Compensation, and Public Responsibility committees. Mr. Nuti previously served as a director of Sprint Nextel Corporation. Mr. Nuti is also a member of the Georgia Institute of Technology advisory board and a trustee of Long Island University. Mr. Nuti became a director of NCR on August 7, 2005. In determining if Mr. Nuti should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered his current role as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, his experience as a director of other public companies, his previous experience as President and Chief Executive Officer of Symbol Technologies, his previous experience as Senior Vice President at Cisco Systems, and the responsibilities associated with these positions.




							Mark Benjamin


					
							Mr. Mark D. Benjamin is President, Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Prior to joining NCR, Mr. Benjamin spent 24 years in a series of global assignments with Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP), which he joined in 1992. At ADP, Mr. Benjamin served from July 2013 to September 2016 as President of ADP’s Global Enterprise Solutions division, leading a team of 20,000 employees, and managing a multi-billion dollar portfolio of businesses serving clients in over 100 countries. Before that, Mr. Benjamin served as President, Employer Services International, from July 2011 to July 2013, as Senior Vice President, Services and Operations - Small Business Services and Total Source, from April 2008 to June 2011, and in various other operations-focused roles. Mr. Benjamin holds a bachelor’s degree in international finance and marketing from the University of Miami.




							Robert Fishman


					
							Mr. Robert P. Fishman is Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of the Company. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in from March 2010 to April 2016. Prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer, he was Interim Chief Financial Officer from October 2009 to March 2010, and Vice President and Corporate Controller from January 2007 to October 2009. From September 2005 to January 2007, Mr. Fishman was Assistant Controller and from January 2005 to September 2005, he was Director, Corporate Planning. Mr. Fishman joined NCR in 1993.




							Andrea Ledford


					
							Ms. Andrea L. Ledford is Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Office, and Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. Previously, Ms. Ledford was Senior Vice President, Corporate Services and Chief Human Resources Officer from November 2013 to January 2016, Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, from June 2012 to November 2013, Senior Vice President, Human Resources, from June 2007 to June 2012, and Interim Senior Vice President, Human Resources from February 2007 to June 2007. Prior to assuming this position, she was Vice President, Human Resources, Asia/Pacific, and Europe, Middle East and Africa, from February 2006 to February 2007. Before joining NCR in February 2006, Ms. Ledford was EMEA Leader, Human Resources, at Symbol Technologies, Inc. from 2002 to February 2006 and held a variety of leadership roles at Cisco Systems, Inc. in EMEA, Asia/Pacific and Latin America.




							Michael Bayer


					
							Mr. Michael B. Bayer is Executive Vice President - Global Sales of the Company. Mr. Bayer has held leadership roles at companies such as Motorola, Symbol Technologies and Cisco Systems, and most recently as President of Global Growth Markets for Avaya, a global provider of business communications, and collaboration systems. Prior to this, Mr. Bayer served as Avaya's EMEA President, where he led the region's sales and operations and worked with customers to deliver Unified Communications, IP Telephony and Contact Center solutions across EMEA. Mr. Bayer holds a master's degree in electronics and telecommunications from Fachhochschule Wiirzburg­Schweinfurt in Germany.




							J. Robert Ciminera


					
							Mr. J. Robert Ciminera is Executive Vice President - Hardware Product Operations of the Company. He is responsible for NCR’s hardware product portfolio. Previously, Mr. Ciminera served as NCR’s Senior Vice President, Hardware Solutions and Global Operations from October 2015 to January 2017, as NCR’s Senior Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain Operations from May 2014 to October 2015, and as NCR’s Vice President, Strategic Sourcing and Chief Procurement Officer from February 2009, when he joined NCR, through May 2014. Before joining NCR, Mr. Ciminera served in various sourcing, supply chain and product management roles with Avaya, Motorola, Symbol Technologies and other technology companies.




							Paul Langenbahn


					
							Mr. Paul Langenbahn is Executive Vice President - Global Software of the Company. From April 2014 to December 2016, Mr. Langenbahn served as Senior Vice President and President, Hospitality, and before that, following NCR’s acquisition of Radiant Systems, Inc. in 2011, he served as Vice President, Global Sales, Marketing and Services for NCR’s Hospitality division. Prior to joining NCR in 2011, Mr. Langenbahn was President of Radiant Systems’ Hospitality division, and he held various other leadership roles in sales, professional services, solution management and general management at Radiant Systems, where he was instrumental in the company’s development and growth.




							Frederick Marquardt


					
							Mr. Frederick J. Marquardt is Executive Vice President - Global Services of the Company. From April 2014 to December 2016, he served as NCR’s Executive Vice President, Services, Hardware Solutions and Enterprise Quality. Mr. Marquardt joined NCR in 2006, and until April 2014, he held a variety of roles at the company including Senior Vice President of Integrated Supply Chain from September 2013 to April 2014, Senior Vice President of Global Operations, Vice President of Manufacturing for NCR, and Vice President of Global Operations for NCR's Financial Industry Business Unit (also known as the Financial Services division). Prior to joining NCR, Mr. Marquardt worked for Motorola Corporation, where he held several leadership positions in operations and manufacturing.




							Edward Gallagher


					
							Mr. Edward R. Gallagher is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company. He served as Acting General Counsel since October 2014. His prior position with NCR was Law Vice President, Litigation & Employment Law, commencing in 2003; he has also served in other positions within the NCR Law Department, including Chief Counsel of the former Systemedia Division. Mr. Gallagher joined NCR in 1992. Prior to that, Mr. Gallagher was an attorney in private practice with in San Francisco and in Boston. Mr. Gallagher holds a law degree from Yale Law School, as well as a master’s degree from Yale University in political science and international relations. He has an undergraduate degree from the University of South Dakota.




							Chinh Chu


					
							Mr. Chinh E. Chu is Lead Independent Director of the Company. He is a Managing Partner and Founder of CC Capital Management, LLC, a special purpose acquisition company. Before forming CC Capital Management, Mr. Chu was a Senior Managing Director of Blackstone in the Corporate Private Equity Group from January 2000 to November 2015, and currently acts as a senior advisor to Blackstone. Before joining Blackstone in 1990, Mr. Chu worked at Salomon Brothers in the Mergers & Acquisitions Department. Mr. Chu led Blackstone’s investments in AlliedBarton, Celanese, Graham Packaging, Interstate Hotels, Kronos, LIFFE, Nalco, Nycomed, and Stiefel Laboratories. Mr. Chu graduated with a bachelor’s degree in finance from the University of Buffalo. He currently serves as a director of Biomet, Inc., Freescale Semiconductor, Inc., HealthMarkets Inc., and Kronos Incorporated. Mr. Chu became a director of NCR on December 4, 2015 and was appointed independent Lead Director effective February 22, 2016. In addition to the Company’s obligations under the Investment Agreement, in determining if Mr. Chu should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered Mr. Chu’s independence, his experience as a director of other public and private companies and his extensive experience evaluating and managing acquisitions and investments in multiple industries in concluding that his abilities would meet the needs of the Board.




							Gregory Blank


					
							Mr. Gregory R. Blank is Independent Director of the Company. He is a Managing Director of Blackstone in the Private Equity Group based in New York where he focuses on investments in the technology, media and telecommunications sectors. Since joining Blackstone in 2009, Mr. Blank has been involved in the execution of many of Blackstone’s investments, including most recently in Kronos, JDA, Ipreo and Optiv. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Blank was an associate at Texas Pacific Group (TPG) in San Francisco where he was involved in the evaluation and execution of private equity transactions. Before joining TPG, Mr. Blank worked in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co. focused on technology, media and telecommunications clients. Mr. Blank graduated with a bachelor’s degree in economics from Harvard College and received an MBA from the Harvard Business School. He currently serves as a director of Ipreo, Kronos and Optiv, and previously served as a director of Travelport Worldwide Limited and The Weather Company. Mr. Blank became a director of NCR on December 4, 2015. Only the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may vote on the election of Mr. Blank as a director at the Annual Meeting. In addition to the Company’s obligation under the Investment Agreement, in making its nomination the Committee on Directors and Governance considered Mr. Blank’s independence, his experience as a director of other public and private companies, his experience evaluating and managing acquisitions and investments in the technology and telecommunications industries, his prior service on Travelport’s Audit committee and his financial literacy in concluding that his abilities would meet the needs of the Board.




							Edward Boykin


					
							Mr. Edward P. Boykin is Independent Director of the Company. He was President and Chief Operating Officer of Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), an information technology services company he joined in 1966, from July 2001 to June 2003. He was Chair of the Board of Directors of Capital TEN Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from October 2007 to May 2008. Mr. Boykin was also a director of Teradata Corporation from October 2007 until his retirement in April 2016, and he was Chairman of the Board of Engility Corporation from July 2012 until May 2015. Mr. Boykin became a director of NCR on June 5, 2002 and was appointed independent Lead Director effective July 25, 2013 and continued to serve in that role through February 22, 2016. In determining if Mr. Boykin should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered Mr. Boykin’s independence and his previous experience at CSC, a multi-billion dollar international company with complex accounting issues, including among other things, his extensive experience evaluating financial statements in his former position as CSC’s President and Chief Operating Officer, his past experience managing major acquisitions at CSC and his former role on CSC’s disclosure committee. In addition to these attributes, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered Mr. Boykin’s financial literacy in concluding that his abilities would meet the needs of the Board.




							Richard Clemmer


					
							Mr. Richard L. Clemmer is Independent Director of NCR Corporation. He is President and Chief Executive Officer of NXP Semiconductors N.V., a semiconductor company, a position he has held since January 1, 2009. Prior to that, he was a senior advisor to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., a private equity firm, a position he held from May 2007 to December 2008. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Agere Systems Inc., an integrated circuits components company that was acquired in 2007 by LSI Logic Corporation, from October 2005 to April 2007. Mr. Clemmer became a director of NCR on April 23, 2008. In determining if Mr. Clemmer should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered his experience in his position at NXP and his former positions with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Agere Systems Inc. Mr. Clemmer’s demonstrated management experience, independence and financial literacy were also attributes that led the Committee on Directors and Governance to conclude that his skills would meet the needs of the Board.




							Gary Daichendt


					
							Mr. Gary J. Daichendt is Independent Director of NCR Corporation. He has been principally occupied as a private investor since June 2005 and has been a managing member of Theory R Properties LLC, a commercial real estate firm, since October 2002. He served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Nortel Networks Corporation, a global supplier of communication equipment, from March 2005 to June 2005. Prior to that and until his retirement in December 2000, Mr. Daichendt served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations for Cisco Systems, Inc. Mr. Daichendt became a director of NCR on April 26, 2006. Mr. Daichendt also serves on the board of directors of Juniper Networks, Inc., where he is a member of its Compensation committee, and previously served on the board of directors of Polycom Inc., where he served on the Governance committee. In determining if Mr. Daichendt should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered his previous experience as President and Chief Operating Officer of Nortel Networks Corporation, his previous experience as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations for Cisco Systems, and the responsibilities associated with these positions. Mr. Daichendt’s demonstrated management experience, financial literacy and independence were also attributes and skills that led the Committee on Directors and Governance to conclude that his abilities would meet the needs of the Board.




							Robert DeRodes


					
							Mr. Robert P. DeRodes is Independent Director of NCR Corporation. He leads DeRodes Enterprises, LLC, an information technology, business operations and management advisory firm. Most recently, Mr. DeRodes served from April 2014 to April 2015 as the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Target, Inc., a general merchandising retailer, leading their post-breach information security efforts and developing a long-term technology transformation roadmap. Previously, Mr. DeRodes served as Executive Vice President, Global Operations & Technology of First Data Corporation, an electronic commerce and payments company, from October 2008 to July 2010. Prior to First Data Corporation, Mr. DeRodes served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of The Home Depot, Inc., a home improvement retailer, from February 2002 to October 2008 and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Delta Technology, Inc. and Chief Information Officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc., from September 1999 until February 2002. Prior to working at Delta, Mr. DeRodes held various executive positions in the financial services industry with Citibank (1995-99) and with USAA (1983-93). During the 10 years prior to 1983, Mr. DeRodes held technology positions working for regional Midwestern banks. Mr. DeRodes became a director of NCR on April 23, 2008. In determining if Mr. DeRodes should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered the scope of his previous experience and the responsibilities associated with the aforementioned positions. Mr. DeRodes’s demonstrated management experience, information technology experience, cyber-security expertise, understanding of the financial services, retail and transportation industries, financial literacy and independence led the Committee on Directors and Governance to conclude that his abilities would meet the needs of the Board.




							Kurt Kuehn


					
							Mr. Kurt P. Kuehn is Independent Director of NCR Corporation. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Henry Schein, Inc., and was Chief Financial Officer at United Parcel Service, Inc. (“UPS”), a global leader in logistics, from 2008 until July 2015. Prior to his appointment as CFO at UPS, Mr. Kuehn was Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing, leading the transformation of the sales organization to improve the global customer experience. Mr. Kuehn was UPS’s first Vice President of Investor Relations, taking the company public in 1999 in one of the largest IPOs in U.S. history. Since he joined UPS as a driver in 1977, Mr. Kuehn’s UPS career has included leadership roles in sales and marketing, engineering, operations and strategic cost planning. Mr. Kuehn became a director of NCR on May 23, 2012. In recommending Mr. Kuehn as a nominee for election as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered his role as CFO at UPS, his previous experience at UPS as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing, and Vice President of Investor Relations, and the responsibilities associated with these positions. Mr. Kuehn’s demonstrated management experience, independence, and financial literacy were also attributes and skills that led the Committee on Directors and Governance to conclude that his abilities would meet the needs of the Board.




							Linda Levinson


					
							Ms. Linda Fayne Levinson is Independent Director of the company. She is a director of Jacobs Engineering Group where she serves as the Company’s Independent Lead Director, and was Chair of the Board of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. until January 2, 2017, when she chose to resign. Ms. Levinson was also a director of IngramMicro Inc. until December 2016 when the company was acquired by HNA Group, and a director of The Western Union Company until May 2016 when she retired from that Board. Ms. Levinson became a director of NCR on January 1, 1997 and was appointed the independent Lead Director of the Board on October 1, 2007 and continued to serve in that role through July 24, 2013. Ms. Levinson is also on the U.S. advisory board of CVC Capital Partners, and a senior advisor to RRE Ventures, a venture capital firm committed to helping founders build category-defining companies. Ms. Levinson was a Partner at GRP Partners, a private equity investment fund investing in start-up and early-stage retail, technology and e-commerce companies, from 1997 to December 2004. Prior to that, she was a Partner in Wings Partners, a private equity firm, an executive at American Express running its leisure travel and tour business, and a Partner at McKinsey & Company. Ms. Levinson was a director of DemandTec, Inc. from June 2005 until February 2012 when it was acquired by International Business Machines Corporation. In determining if Ms. Levinson should continue serving as a director of the Company, the Committee on Directors and Governance considered her long experience as a public company director and a committee chair, starting in 1991, as well as her general management experience at American Express, her strategic experience at McKinsey & Company and her investment experience at GRP Partners and Wings Partners.




							Michael Nelson














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							William Nuti

19,190,300




							Mark Benjamin

8,896,390




							Robert Fishman

6,088,160




							Andrea Ledford

--




							Michael Bayer

2,789,130




							J. Robert Ciminera

--




							Paul Langenbahn

3,952,860




							Frederick Marquardt

4,881,040




							Edward Gallagher

--




							Chinh Chu

430,410




							Gregory Blank

--




							Edward Boykin

326,443




							Richard Clemmer

318,822




							Gary Daichendt

332,825




							Robert DeRodes

318,769




							Kurt Kuehn

337,769




							Linda Levinson

378,824




							Michael Nelson

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							William Nuti

1,670,157
9,366,500




							Mark Benjamin

0
0




							Robert Fishman

4,622
94,104




							Andrea Ledford

0
0




							Michael Bayer

0
0




							J. Robert Ciminera

0
0




							Paul Langenbahn

0
0




							Frederick Marquardt

0
0




							Edward Gallagher

0
0




							Chinh Chu

0
0




							Gregory Blank

0
0




							Edward Boykin

0
0




							Richard Clemmer

0
0




							Gary Daichendt

0
0




							Robert DeRodes

0
0




							Kurt Kuehn

0
0




							Linda Levinson

0
0




							Michael Nelson

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Levinson (Linda Fayne)
352
$40.84


Daichendt (Gary James)
334
$40.84


Chu (Chinh E)
426
$40.84


Marquardt (Frederick J)
500
$43.30


Langenbahn (Paul E)
5,955
$42.46


Ciminera (J Robert)
86
$42.47


Ciminera (J Robert)
3,000
$42.48


Marquardt (Frederick J)
8,197
$0.00


Ciminera (J Robert)
1,832
$42.38


Marquardt (Frederick J)
2,973
$42.38


Langenbahn (Paul E)
2,242
$42.38


Derodes (Robert P)
5,437
$41.39


Levinson (Linda Fayne)
6,403
$41.39


Chu (Chinh E)
5,437
$41.39


Boykin (Edward Pierce)
5,437
$41.39


Clemmer (Richard L)
5,437
$41.39


Kuehn (Kurt P)
5,437
$41.39


Daichendt (Gary James)
5,437
$41.39


Levinson (Linda Fayne)
3,252
$22.96


Levinson (Linda Fayne)
1,793
$41.66


Chu (Chinh E)
381
$45.68


Levinson (Linda Fayne)
315
$45.68


Daichendt (Gary James)
299
$45.68


Blackstone Holdings III, L.P.
4,438
$48.47


Blackstone Holdings III, L.P.
4,438
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologyIT Services & Consulting




















