

Lawndale Capital Management: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 12:56 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Lawndale Capital Management



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lawndale Capital Management, LLC (LCM) is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily manages a series of hedge funds for its clients. It also manages accounts for individuals, including high net worth individuals, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, other pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, and state or municipal government entities. The firm also manages equity and fixed income mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in small stocks of micro-cap and small-cap companies. Lawndale Capital Management, LLC was founded in 1993 and is ba...
Lawndale Capital Management, LLC (LCM) is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily manages a series of hedge funds for its clients. It also manages accounts for individuals, including high net worth individuals, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, other pooled investment vehicles, charitable organizations, and state or municipal government entities. The firm also manages equity and fixed income mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in small stocks of micro-cap and small-cap companies. Lawndale Capital Management, LLC was founded in 1993 and is based in Mill Valley, United States.
Detailed Description


591 Redwood HighwaySuite 2345Mill Valley, CA 94941United StatesFounded in 1993



Phone: 415-389-8258

Fax: 415-389-0180








Key Executives for Lawndale Capital Management




Mr. Andrew Evan Shapiro J.D.


      	Founder, Chairman, President, Portfolio Manager, and Managing Member
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Adam Kathiriya


      	Associate
      








Mr. Jason Doyle


      	Associate
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Lawndale Capital Management Key Developments

Lawndale Capital Management Presents at 21st Annual Hedge West Conference, Sep-28-2015 04:35 PM
Sep 24 15
Lawndale Capital Management Presents at 21st Annual Hedge West Conference, Sep-28-2015 04:35 PM. Venue: Ritz Carlton, Sanfrancisco, California, United States. Speakers: Andrew Evan Shapiro, Founder, Chairman, President, Portfolio Manager, and Managing Member.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lawndale Capital Management, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Lawndale Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Lawndale Capital Management, LLC


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC
(CRD# 135638) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Mill Valley, CA.
They
manage $35,287,068 in 2 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Lawndale Capital Management, LLC




591 Redwood Highway Suite 2345,
Mill Valley,
CA
94941
415-389-8258









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

35
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

2
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$17,643,534







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA






Financial Advisors at Lawndale Capital Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Andrew E. Shapiro



CRD#:
4965257



591 Redwood Highway Suite 2345,
Mill Valley,
CA
94941




87

Wealthminder
score








Andrew Shapiro (CRD# 4965257) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Lawndale Capital Management, LLC in Mill Valley, CA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



































 



 Lawndale Capital Management Expresses Concerns Over Equal Energy Sale Agreement 
         










    










 






 











 









Lawndale Capital Management Expresses Concerns Over Equal Energy Sale Agreement

		  Requests More Thorough Disclosure And Scrutiny Of Equal's Strategic Alternatives Process
		

Dec 10, 2013, 09:20 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Lawndale Capital Management, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


MILL VALLEY, Calif., Dec. 10, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Lawndale Capital Management, LLC and its affiliate funds ("Lawndale") own more than 1.7 million shares, or more than 4.8%, of the outstanding shares of Equal Energy, Ltd. (N-EQU) ("Equal" or the "Company,"), making Lawndale one of Equal's largest shareholders.  Lawndale has reviewed the December 9, 2013 press release issued by Equal, announcing that the Company had entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Petroflow at a price of $5.43/share. 
Lawndale feels a synergistic buyer should be able to easily grow Equal's cash flow.  This higher cash flow should safely support modest increased borrowings that could fund a sizable stock buyback, a higher sustainable dividend on the lower share count and still be able to support substantial production and reserves growth.  The resulting distribution combined with the remaining higher yielding Equal shares should combine in value to more than Petroflow's $5.43/share.
Lawndale's analysis notes that the proposed transaction is all-cash, squeezing out public shareholders from all benefits of Equal's future growth and value creation from its vast and valuable reserves and growing production streams. Lawndale also notes that Petroflow is a former operating partner of Equal's Oklahoma assets and the Company's current management.  When such dangerous combinations occur Lawndale's policy is to request more thorough disclosure and apply greater scrutiny of the alternatives process for any value being transferred from Equal Energy shareholders to the buying group for which shareholders are not being compensated. 
Equal's December 9 press release emphasizes the "fairness" of the transaction price and no longer discusses the company's bright economic prospects in light of substantial increases in industry propane prices and export capacity and Equal's own reserves and production outlook. 
Andrew Shapiro, President of Lawndale, stated, "Proponents of transactions often try to argue the strength or 'fairness' of their bid by highlighting a purported 'premium' they are offering to pre-offer 'trading' prices.  Price premium to historical trading is the weakest and most flawed measure of 'fairness.' Especially in small companies, pre-bid trading takes place in an inefficient vacuum, without any expectation of a definitive transaction or even a sleepy board and management being woken up.  Thus, such 'trading' levels are very poor proxy to base an appropriate premium for transfer of a company's control." 
Shapiro added, "We think better measures for fair takeover and change of control value are tested against net present value of discounted cash flows and/or valuation multiples to assets or prospective cash flows. Courts in appraisal actions take a similar view. "
Lawndale's policy is to view any so-called "deal protections," which impede higher and better offers providing greater value to Equal shareholders, with great suspicion.  This is especially so when there is legacy management continuation or sizable severance payouts. "No-shop" clauses and "break-up" fees are examples of such deal protections that may not serve selling shareholders well and require great scrutiny. 
Shapiro said, "Instead of focusing on price 'premiums,' we believe Equal's disclosure to shareholders, should have, and must, in the near future, detail the scope and extent of the bidding process along with Equal's reserves and production forecast provided to Petroflow.  Furthermore, Equal needs to provide to its shareholders, all the strategic alternatives considered and not considered, along with rationale for their rejection.  Finally, Equal should broadly disseminate how any interested alternative bidders may 'top' the agreed purchase price, rather than highlighting the impediments for such a superior bid that would provide greater value." 
About Lawndale Capital Management, LLC
Lawndale Capital Management, a San Francisco Bay Area-based investment advisor, has managed activist hedge funds focused on creating and unlocking shareholder value in small- and micro-cap companies for over 20 years.  Lawndale applies a private equity approach through active and relational ownership of public company securities.  In most investments, Lawndale plays a constructive relational role by actively working with boards and management teams to help them achieve their strategic and operating goals. In other instances, Lawndale is a direct value-unlocking catalyst, utilizing a range of tools that include aggressively promoting improvements in a company's governance and operational structures, proxy actions, asserting shareowner's legal rights and taking active roles in restructuring and buyout proposal negotiations.
Contact:Andrew Shapiro,415-389-8258 or aeshapiro@lawndalecap.com 
 SOURCE  Lawndale Capital Management, LLC  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jun 27, 2014, 07:20 ET
Preview: Lawndale Capital Mgmt To Conditionally Vote For Equal Energy Sale






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 























 



 Lawndale Capital Mgmt To Vote For Proposal To De-Stagger Willbros Group Board 
         










    










 






 











 









Lawndale Capital Mgmt To Vote For Proposal To De-Stagger Willbros Group Board

		  Calls For Accountability Of All Directors Via Annual ElectionsAdditional Reform And Engagement Needed From Willbros' Independent Directors
		

May 13, 2015, 08:40 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Lawndale Capital Management, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


MILL VALLEY, Calif., May 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lawndale Capital Management, LLC and its affiliated activist funds ("Lawndale"), beneficial owners of nearly 1.6 million, or 2.6%, of Willbros Group, Inc. (NYSE:   WG) ("Willbros" or the "Company,") announced today its intent to vote "FOR" a shareholder proposal calling for Willbros' board members to be elected annually instead of its present practice of its board members serving staggered 3-year terms. The shareholder proposal will be voted on by Willbros' shareholders at the Company's Annual Meeting scheduled for the morning of June 9, 2015 in Houston.
On May 12, 2015, Lawndale sent a letter to Willbros' Lead Independent Director, S. Miller Williams, for distribution to Willbros' Independent Directors, informing them of Lawndale's intent to vote " FOR" Proposal #5, often called a "de-classify" or "de-stagger" proposal.  The letter also called for Willbros' Board to implement additional reforms to its corporate governance practices and structure to address changes made necessary when formerly Independent Chairman John McNabb was appointed as the Company's CEO. 
Lawndale's letter, a copy of which is set forth below, called for the following additional steps regarding fixing Willbros' "broken" corporate governance:

The Independent directors need to serve the PRIMARY role in Willbros' director search and nomination process and not CEO McNabb; 
The Board should replace Edward DiPaolo, a long-time friend and former business partner of CEO McNabb, from the Willbros' Nominating/Governance Committee that he presently Chairs; 
Willbros' Lead Independent director, Williams, should "step up" to his role and ensure an appropriate non-management dialogue conduit with respect to shareholder concerns on topics that are properly deliberated and decided by Independent Board members and not CEO McNabb;
Andrew Shapiro, President of Lawndale, stated, "Having directors stand for elections annually makes them more accountable to shareholders, and could thereby contribute to improved performance and increased firm value. The existence of staggered director terms at Willbros entrenches and immunizes ineffective directors from necessary accountability and potential replacement by the company's shareowners." 
Shapiro added, "Having a long-time friend and former business partner of your CEO as Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Chairman raises serious conflict and governance concerns and is inappropriate.  A truly Independent Board committee should direct and run the director search and nomination process." 
The full text of Lawndale's letter follows:
[Lawndale Capital Management, LLC Letterhead]
Andrew Shapiro
President
May 12, 2015
By e-mail and overnight delivery
S. Miller Williams
Lead Independent Director
c/o Corporate Secretary 
Willbros Group, Inc., 
4400 Post Oak Parkway, Suite 1000
Houston, Texas 77027
Dear Mr. Williams:
Lawndale Capital Management, LLC, through the funds it manages, ("Lawndale") currently owns 2.6% of Willbros Group, Inc. ("Willbros" or the "Company") common stock.  The recently filed Proxy for Willbros' upcoming June 9, 2015 Annual Meeting provided disclosure on the Company's corporate governance and compensation polices, solicited support for several management sponsored proposals and opposed a shareholder-sponsored proposal to de-stagger Willbros' Board elections.  
We are writing to explain our concerns over Willbros' corporate governance and the rationale of Lawndale's vote at your upcoming June 9, 2015 annual meeting:

"FOR" Proposal #5 - eliminating Willbros' classified Board of Directors and requiring all directors stand for election annually 
Our attempts to discuss these concerns with you directly have been blocked by new CEO John McNabb, whose outdated approach to corporate governance has further contributed to our decision to make this letter and our concerns public.  We ask that you distribute a copy of this letter to all Independent members of Willbros' Board and confirm your receipt and said distribution. 
Lawndale's Rationale To Vote "FOR" Approval Of Proposal #5 ("De-Classify" Resolution)
In a company such as Willbros, where shareholders are not allowed to call special meetings or act by written consent, the annual meeting election becomes the only forum where shareholders can hold its directors accountable for their oversight and management (or lack thereof) of the company's affairs.  
Having directors stand for elections annually makes them more accountable to shareholders, and could thereby contribute to improved performance and increased firm value.  In addition to Lawndale's practical experience over more than two decades as an activist investor, we are further persuaded by the many academic studies that connect classified boards with lower firm valuation and value-decreasing decisions and policies.  
We further note that studies cited by Willbros in its Proxy with contrary findings have included a population of companies ranging from well managed to poorly managed.  But, in the instance of Willbros, we don't have a range.  Instead, we have clear evidence of a mis-managed and mal-governed company that suffers from poor oversight and material weaknesses of internal controls.  
During your tenure and that of all of your fellow directors (excluding new director nominee Wedmeyer), Willbros has a long history of risk management issues that have negatively affected shareholder value.  This history includes, but is not limited to the following:

a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in 2008 and associated settlement agreement that resulted in $56 million in payments by Willbros Group 
a very costly 2014 accounting restatement that encompassed two quarters and millions of dollars of newly discovered losses, and 
an incomprehensible inability to forecast operating prospects sufficient to avoid a prospective loan covenant breach after only a single quarter of the loan's existence. 
The need for accountability and change at Willbros Group is not theoretical; it's real and apparent.  The need for accountability is now, not over the course of multiple years.  The existence of classified staggered director terms at Willbros entrenches and immunizes ineffective directors from necessary accountability and potential replacement by this company's shareowners. 
With Over 30% Of Willbros Stock Entrenched, Board Should Heed Any Near 35% Affirmative Vote
The vote on Proposal #5 is technically "approved" if Willbros receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of shares present.  However, with a huge 16.6% block of stock given away to the company's lender, KKR, on top of another 13.1% held by InfrastruX/Tenaska, which is subject to a voting agreement with the Company, only 70% of the total outstanding shares of Willbros are free to vote either "FOR" or "against" Proposal #5 to de-classify Willbros' director elections.  We think a truly independent Willbros' Board should properly view a "FOR" vote totaling a majority of the non-insider/lender shares (or approximately 35% of total outstanding) as sending a resounding message that the board has a need to reform its corporate governance structures and move to de-classify Willbros' director elections. 
Additional Reforms Needed To Fix Broken Willbros Corporate Governance  
In light of the conversion of former Independent Chairman McNabb to become CEO, his insistence on maintaining a tight grip on Willbros' Board composition and corporate governance practices indicates reforms in the functioning and composition of the Company's Board are desperately needed.
As Independent Chairman since September 2007, Mr. McNabb may have been the appropriate director for shareholders to dialogue with regarding the above-mentioned risk management and governance events. However, as recognized by your appointment as Lead Independent Director, it is no longer best practice for Willbros' Board to limit or delegate shareholder dialogue on all matters, especially corporate governance and compensation policies, exclusively to Mr. McNabb in his new role as CEO.  
Hence, when requesting a dialogue with you several times, it was appalling that I was only allowed discussion with CEO McNabb.  Further surprising was his lecture on his complete grasp of corporate governance best practices.
While we are impressed with the background and experience of new director nominee Mr. Phil Wedemeyer, we were disappointed by CEO McNabb's representation that this nominee selection (as well as others) was sourced and ultimately made by Mr. McNabb himself.  We aren't sure whether Mr. McNabb, formerly as Independent Chair, "hand-picked" the rest of the directors on Willbros' Board.  But the impression created by Mr. McNabb of the Company's director selection and nominations process, to say the least, is not best practice.  
CEO McNabb is no longer Independent.  You and the other Independent directors need to step up to your appropriate role in the director search and nominations process.  While perhaps technically "Independent" in the eyes of stock exchange rules, having long-time McNabb friend and former business partner, Director Edward DiPaolo remain Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Chairman, a role clearly reserved for independent oversight, raises serious additional conflict and governance concerns and is inappropriate.  
Certainly CEO McNabb should provide input as to what skills and experience he feels would be value added to the Board.  But most of the rest of the process and the ultimate decision of who is nominated must be in the hands of an independent Nominating/Governance Committee headed by a truly Independent Chair.  
Lawndale has identified highly qualified independent individuals that we feel would be good additions to Willbros' Board.  A truly Independent Board committee should be the group who vets such candidates, not CEO McNabb, nor his long-time friend, Mr. DiPaolo.  We would like to discuss these candidates with you and, if given the opportunity to better understand the experience and background needs of the Board, I am sure we could further improve our suggestions. 
It is readily apparent that the status quo of the Willbros' Board when Mr. McNabb was Independent Chairman remains unchanged, despite Mr. McNabb now being CEO.  This is not acceptable.  We have requested and continue to seek dialogue with you and an Independent Nominating/Governance Committee to discuss and address these corporate governance concerns.  It is not the proper province of CEO McNabb to determine, decide or declare the Company's response to a request that was directed to Independent directors.
You, as Independent Lead Director, need to step up to your role and ensure an appropriate non-management dialogue conduit with respect to Willbros' shareholder concerns on topics that are properly deliberated and decided by Independent Board members and not CEO McNabb. 
We await YOUR timely reply/response on the matters set forth above. 
Sincerely,
[Signed]
Andrew Shapiro
President
About Lawndale Capital Management, LLC
Lawndale Capital Management, a San Francisco Bay Area-based Investment Advisor manages activist/relational hedge funds that have created value for more than 22 years in small- and micro-cap companies.  Lawndale's multiple approaches to active shareownership support a repeatable and value-oriented investment process deployed across the capital structure in contrarian, special situation and event-driven investments.  Lawndale deploys a unique combination of legal, equity and credit skills with boardroom and corporate governance expertise to engage the management, board of directors, and shareholders of its portfolio companies in a productive relational dialogue. 
For Further Information Contact:
Andrew Shapiro,
415-389-8258 or
aeshapiro@lawndalecap.com 
Follow Andrew Shapiro on:
Seeking Alpha: http://seekingalpha.com/author/andrew-shapiro 
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/lawndale1 
 
 SOURCE  Lawndale Capital Management, LLC  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  












Jun 27, 2014, 07:20 ET
Preview: Lawndale Capital Mgmt To Conditionally Vote For Equal Energy Sale






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


LAWNDALE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      LAWNDALE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC
                    

•   MILL VALLEY, CA
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Lawndale Capital Management is based out of Mill Valley. Lawndale Capital Management is a registered investment advisory firm  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $35,287,068 (Form ADV from 1995-11-20).   WhaleWisdom has at least 55 13D/G filings in our database for Lawndale Capital Management.
                                           














Summary
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from LAWNDALE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




lawndale capital management llc


591 REDWOOD HIGHWAY, SUITE 2345

MILL VALLEY
CA
                                                        
                                                    94941


              Business Phone:
              415-389-8258







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/09/2016
SC 13D filed on 09/12/2016
4 filed on 05/31/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 05/18/2016
4 filed on 05/10/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 04/13/2016
4 filed on 04/05/2016
3 filed on 11/14/2014
SC 13D/A filed on 03/22/2006
SC 13D/A filed on 05/02/2013











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Willbros Group Inc (WG)


      ENERGY
    

      3,132,566
    

      6,077,178.04
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-08-31
    



National Home Health Care Corp. (NHHC)


      HEALTH CARE
    

      395,389
    

      4,784,206.90
    

      2
    

      13D
    

      2007-05-15
    



P & F Industries, Inc. New, Class A (PFIN)


      INDUSTRIALS
    

      464,826
    

      4,206,675.30
    

      3
    

      13D
    

      2016-05-09
    



Mace Security International Inc. (New) (MACE)


      CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY
    

      5,355,400
    

      1,124,634.00
    

      4
    

      13D
    

      2011-08-16
    










View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

LAWNDALE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
 
591 REDWOOD HIGHWAY SUITE 2345


MILL VALLEY
CA
            
        94941
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          415-389-8258
Fax:
              415-389-0180


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :




Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
CA


Number of employees:
3


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
35,287,100



            Total Number of Clients:
          
2



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.















 


Lawndale Capital Management Announces Voting Intent On Willbros Group's 2017 Proposals - Willbros Group, Inc. (NYSE:WG) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Lawndale Capital Management Announces Voting Intent On Willbros Group's 2017 ProposalsMay.18.17 | About: Willbros Group, (WG) Andrew Shapiro Activist investor, hedge fund manager, small-cap, Deep ValueAndrew Shapiro twitter feedSummaryVoting FOR #1, to remove supermajority voting requirements
        Voting FOR #2, to declassify the Willbros' Board
        Last year's declassify proposal fell just short of the 75% supermajority vote requirement
        A majority vote requirement is a more appropriate voting standard
        Voter turnout essential - a thrown out proxy is same as a vote against proposals
        May 17, 2017  Lawndale Capital Management, LLC and its affiliated funds are >5% shareholders and Form 13D filers of Willbros Group, Inc. (NYSE: WG), a specialty energy infrastructure contractor serving both the oil & gas and power generation industries.  In connection with Willbros Group's 2017 Annual Meeting to be held on June 1, 2017, the company has put forth two proposals that would further address governance improvements requested by Lawndale in its September 12, 2016 13D filing. Proposal #1, to amend Willbros' Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate supermajority voting requirements, will require approval from 75% of total outstanding Willbros shares to pass. Should Proposal #1 pass, Proposal #2, to declassify Willbros' board so that directors are elected to one-year terms rather than 3-year terms, will require approval from a majority of total outstanding Willbros shares. Should Proposal #1 fail to pass, Proposal #2 will also require approval from 75% of total outstanding Willbros shares to pass.  Lawndale intends to vote its shares FOR all proposals put forth at Willbros' 2017 Annual meeting, as follows:  Proposal 1: FOR - Amendment to eliminate supermajority voting requirements Proposal 2: FOR - Amendment to declassify the Board of Directors Proposal 3: FOR - Election of Directors Gary Gates and Daniel Lonergan Proposal 4: FOR - Approval of Named Executive Officer compensation ("Say-On-Pay") Proposal 5: ONE-YEAR - "Say-on-Pay" Frequency vote Proposal 6: FOR - The Willbros Group 2017 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan Proposal 7: FOR - Ratification of auditors  Last year, a proposal to de-stagger Willbros' board terms failed to obtain the necessary 75% supermajority approval threshold by a narrow margin. (Willbros June 3, 2016 8-K)
 Andrew Shapiro, Managing Member and President of Lawndale Capital Management, LLC issued the following statement: "Proposals 1 and 2 are essential improvements to Willbros' corporate governance and should serve to help the company's valuation as well as its standing with potential customers. A majority vote requirement is a more appropriate best practices in governance standard. We encourage shareholders to join us and vote for these needed changes. We remind all shareholders that returning one's ballot sufficiently before the June 1st meeting date is important because failing to vote on these measures is the same as a vote against them." The proxy for Willbros Group's June 1, 2017 Annual meeting can be found at this LINK on the SEC's EDGAR website  For more information on Willbros, please visit the company's web site at www.willbros.com  Lawndale is not soliciting to obtain or to vote any other WG shareholder's proxy, but we encourage all WG shareholders to join Lawndale's vote FOR Proposals #1 and #2 to improve Willbros' governance.  About Lawndale Capital Management, LLC Lawndale Capital Management, LLC, is a San Francisco Bay Area-based Investment Advisor that manages activist/relational hedge funds, which have created value for more than 24 years in small- and micro-cap companies. Lawndale's multiple approaches to active shareownership support a repeatable and value-oriented investment process deployed across the capital structure in contrarian, special situation and event-driven investments. Lawndale deploys a unique combination of legal, equity and credit skills with boardroom and corporate governance expertise to engage the management, board of directors, and shareholders of its portfolio companies in a productive relational dialogue.
Disclosure: I am/we are long WG,. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Additional disclosure: Lawndale is not soliciting to obtain or to vote any other WG shareholder's proxy, but we encourage all WG shareholders to join Lawndale's vote FOR Proposals #1 and #2 to improve Willbros' governance. Funds I manage are long WG as well as short several series of WG call options. These funds or its affiliates may buy or sell securities of these and related issuers at any time.
About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Basic Materials, Oil & Gas Equipment & ServicesWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Andrew Shapiro and get email alerts





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasFifth-Third Bancorp: Does The Buying Make Sense Here?FITB• Today, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 CapitalAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Today, 12:37 PM • Donovan JonesStrong Product Rollout Suggests AMD Will Likely Raise Q3 GuidanceAMD• Today, 12:32 PM • EnerTuition•4 CommentsA Thoughtful Investment With Help From Baidu BrainBIDU• Today, 12:16 PM • Tobias BeithTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Today, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdamsHow BlackBerry Can Quickly Increase Its Software RevenueBBRY• Today, 11:47 AM • Motek Moyen•6 CommentsDollar Tree: Paying The Growth Premium Is Not Worth The RiskDLTR• Today, 11:43 AM • Samuel Smith•1 CommentRockwell Collins: Pre-Earnings PlayCOL• Today, 11:34 AM • Sam Paul•2 CommentsFlagrant Reaction To Huntington BancsharesHBAN• Today, 11:27 AM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsKey Lessons From Facebook And WWE SpeculationFB• Today, 11:26 AM • Gary Bourgeault•1 CommentSchlumberger: I Am Pretty AmazedSLB• Today, 11:26 AM • Quad 7 Capital•17 CommentsSkyworks: Another Home RunSWKS• Today, 10:57 AM • Kumquat Research•12 CommentsLowes: Contrarian Play Post Sears/Amazon DealLOW• Today, 10:41 AM • L&F Capital Management•9 CommentseBay: Results Bemuse The StreetEBAY• Today, 10:30 AM • Quad 7 Capital•4 CommentsAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Today, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Today, 10:00 AM • Dividend DriveVisa: We're Going Over $100V• Today, 9:58 AM • Quad 7 Capital•15 CommentsDividend Champion On Clearance Rack And In My PortfolioTGT• Today, 9:48 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•29 CommentsPapa Murphy's Holdings: An Overlooked Competitor In A Crowded SpaceEditors' Pick • FRSH• Today, 9:19 AM • Dining Stocks Online•8 CommentsVirtusa Corp. Is Completing Its Bottom, Now It Could Break OutVRTU• Today, 9:11 AM • John LongsworthHome Depot - Don't Panic, BuyHD• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•12 CommentsMountain Province Diamonds: Diamonds Are ForeverMPVD• Today, 8:56 AM • Ilan AttarNo Need To Ditch UnitedUAL• Today, 8:51 AM • Detroit BearWhiting's CapEx Spend For 2018: What Flat Looks LikeWLL• Today, 8:48 AM • Open Square Capital•6 CommentsQuickLogic: Pre-Q2 2017 Results - Accumulate OpportunisticallyQUIK• Today, 8:39 AM • Jay Deahna•2 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Today, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•5 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Today, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•7 CommentsHome Depot: What Changed?HD• Today, 2:24 AM • Joseph Harry•24 CommentsYou Should Own Facebook Despite These 3 RisksFB• Today, 1:17 AM • First Floor Finance•23 CommentsDunkin' Brands: A No-Frills 20% OpportunityDNKN• Today, 12:29 AM • Black Coral Research•3 CommentsA Contrarian Vote In Favor Of McCormick's AcquisitionMKC• Yesterday, 8:21 PM • Vince Martin•16 CommentsRed Hat: The Next Cloud GiantRHT• Yesterday, 6:49 PM • Prasanna Rajagopal•2 CommentsStock Exchange: Sizzling Summer Picks In Discretionary SpendingEditors' Pick • COST, PEJ, TSLA• Yesterday, 5:57 PM • Jeff Miller•19 CommentsWill No Direct Competition Help WWE Offset Declining Viewership?WWE• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Jeremy McKinzie•7 CommentsAmerican Outdoor Brands Is A BuyAOBC• Yesterday, 5:25 PM • Philomena Doyle•4 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•33 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Yesterday, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•10 CommentsWhere Are The Solar Roofs?TSLA• Yesterday, 4:08 PM • Galileo Russell•168 CommentsThe Long Case For AritziaEditors' Pick • ATZAF• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Kara Stessl•2 CommentsCohu Has A Compelling Turnaround Growth Story That You Need To KnowCOHU• Yesterday, 3:51 PM • Shark Traders•1 CommentVillage Farms: Experienced Grower Expands Into The Promising Canadian Cannabis IndustryVFFIF• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Ronny Grunwald•3 CommentsCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsDisney Is A Buy, But Not Because Of Spider-ManDIS• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • Black Coral Research•9 CommentsMicron: Valuation Reveals UpsideMU• Yesterday, 2:34 PM • Focus Equity•24 CommentsAutoZone Is The Deal Of The CenturyAZO• Yesterday, 2:27 PM • Bank On Insight•28 CommentsGazprom Neft: Unconventional National Oil CompanyGZPFY• Yesterday, 2:20 PM • Vitaliy Gromadin, CFA•1 CommentMassRoots: Riding The Cannabis WaveMSRT• Yesterday, 2:15 PM • Stone Fox Capital•11 CommentsMicron And Intel: The AI And Security Play Of The CenturyEditors' Pick • MU• Yesterday, 2:13 PM • Stephen Breezy•147 CommentsIs The Writing On The Wall For Micron?MU• Yesterday, 1:39 PM • Shareholders Unite•38 CommentsIntel Is A Solid Buy At Current LevelsINTC• Yesterday, 1:33 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsFocused The Present, Not Dreaming The Future - Why Zynga Canned Mafia WarsZNGA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Jonathan Jordan•10 CommentsTravelers: Even Weathermen Can't Predict WeatherTRV• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsNetflix's Success Driven By What Drives Other Tech Giants' SuccessesNFLX• Yesterday, 1:16 PM • Gary Bourgeault•16 CommentsSalesforce.com: Market Dominance Is Not The Best Investment CriterionCRM• Yesterday, 12:39 PM • Beulah Meriam K•4 CommentsActivision Blizzard: Great Buying OpportunityATVI• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Roman Luzgin•26 CommentsCordoba Minerals: Great Potential Despite The Recent Consolidation DealCDBMF• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • Peter Arendas•3 CommentsWells Fargo Second Quarter Results: Buy MoreWFC• Yesterday, 12:04 PM • The First Mover•3 CommentsMetLife: What Are Brighthouse Spin-Off Shares Really Worth?MET• Yesterday, 11:46 AM • Renaissance Research•18 CommentsUnder Armour Will Outlast Negative NewsUAA• Yesterday, 11:43 AM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsWhy Intel Said Sayonara To Smart Devices & WearablesINTC• Yesterday, 11:42 AM • Motek Moyen•27 CommentsAlcoa: And We're Off!AA• Yesterday, 11:17 AM • Quad 7 Capital•1 CommentPhilip Morris: Let It FallPM• Yesterday, 10:25 AM • Quad 7 Capital•25 CommentsVisa - Ready For Prime?V• Yesterday, 10:21 AM • The Virtuous Cycle•20 CommentsThe More Farmland The BetterFPI• Yesterday, 9:54 AM • Turtle Tree Capital Ltd.•10 CommentsA Basket Of Stocks To Play The Impending Clean Energy/EV Boom - Part 1 (Lithium)Editors' Pick • CRECF, EEYMF, PILBF• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • FI Fighter•16 CommentsKinder Morgan: It Doesn't Get Any Better Than ThisKMI• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•50 CommentsBurlington Stores Looks TemptingEditors' Pick • BURL• Yesterday, 9:08 AM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsSamsung Is Very Well Placed To Boom From An Increased Demand For Computer ChipsSSNLF• Yesterday, 8:49 AM • Matt Bohlsen•13 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Yesterday, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•2 CommentsTextron Could Be Set To ExplodeTXT• Yesterday, 8:38 AM • Liu Jiao•3 CommentsComstock Mining: Poised To PopLODE• Yesterday, 8:38 AM • Jesse Donovan•18 CommentsHyatt is the Tom Brady of Lodging, but it is still just a HoldH• Yesterday, 8:03 AM • Sam Lin, CFABaidu - Autonomous Driving As A Free OptionBIDU• Yesterday, 7:49 AM • Kenra InvestorsDundee Precious Metals - Derisked And Deeply UndervaluedEditors' Pick • DPMLF• Yesterday, 7:45 AM • Simple Digressions•9 CommentsChipotle - A Risk/Reward Discussion Based On Relative ValuationCMG• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • Kenra Investors•13 Comments123456...1574Next Page





Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksBuru Energy (BRNGF) Presents At Noosa Mining And Exploration Conference - SlideshowBRNGF• Today, 12:52 PM • SA TranscriptsOtto Energy (OTTEF) Presents At Noosa Mining And Exploration Conference - SlideshowOTTEF• Today, 12:51 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger: I Am Pretty AmazedSLB• Today, 11:26 AM • Quad 7 Capital•17 CommentsGold: GDXJ's Dramatic Restructuring Is A Shot Across The BowGDXJ• Today, 10:20 AM • Sebastien Gandon•5 CommentsEnsco Reports Many New ContractsESV• Today, 9:48 AM • Vladimir Zernov•14 CommentsMountain Province Diamonds: Diamonds Are ForeverMPVD• Today, 8:56 AM • Ilan AttarWhiting's CapEx Spend For 2018: What Flat Looks LikeWLL• Today, 8:48 AM • Open Square Capital•6 CommentsEncana Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesECA• Today, 8:40 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsFuture Energy Prices: The Big Picture - Part IIVLO• Today, 8:25 AM • Mark Bern, CFA•13 CommentsBreitburn Energy: The Endless BankruptcyBBEPQ• Today, 4:22 AM • WYCO Researcher•4 CommentsUpdating Calumet Specialty Products' Quarterly ResultsCLMT• Today, 3:46 AM • Patient Tech Investor•7 CommentsChevron Corporation - Key Forecast Factors For 17% UpsideCVX• Today, 2:59 AM • Andrei Rumyantcev•2 CommentsAtwood Advantage Is Too Expensive For Noble Energy. Ensco May Not Like ItESV, ATW• Today, 1:46 AM • Fun Trading•27 CommentsExxon Mobil In The Garden PortfolioXOM• Today, 1:46 AM • DJ Habig•8 CommentsWill Eni's Arctic Efforts Be Profitable?E• Yesterday, 7:35 PM • Oilprice•3 CommentsKinder Morgan Dividend Growth Plans Are Great But The Valuation Isn'tKMI• Yesterday, 7:13 PM • Dividend Sensei•33 CommentsKinder Morgan: A Light At The End Of The TunnelKMI• Yesterday, 7:13 PM • PendragonY•17 CommentsKinder Morgan Is At It AgainKMI• Yesterday, 5:26 PM • Jonathan Weber•37 CommentsPPG Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPPG• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • SA TranscriptsExxon Mobil: Buy NowXOM• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Dividend Investors•21 CommentsChesapeake Not Positioned To Benefit From Coming Natural Gas RallyCHK• Yesterday, 2:54 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•24 CommentsKaiser Aluminum Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKALU• Yesterday, 2:52 PM • SA TranscriptsAnadarko Petroleum - Q2 2017 Earnings PreviewAPC• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Sarfaraz A. KhanGazprom Neft: Unconventional National Oil CompanyGZPFY• Yesterday, 2:20 PM • Vitaliy Gromadin, CFA•1 CommentWhy I Exited My Long Oil Plays Before ConocoPhillips Reports EarningsCOP• Yesterday, 2:13 PM • Callum Turcan•11 CommentsExxon Mobil Q2 Earnings PreviewXOM• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Callum Turcan•5 CommentsValero Braces For Potential Venezuela Sanctions HitVLO• Yesterday, 2:04 PM • Jesse Donovan•16 CommentsCordoba Minerals: Great Potential Despite The Recent Consolidation DealCDBMF• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • Peter Arendas•3 CommentsAlcoa: And We're Off!AA• Yesterday, 11:17 AM • Quad 7 Capital•1 CommentFortum Oyj 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFOJCF• Yesterday, 10:58 AM • SA TranscriptsResource Sector Digest: Deja Vu Twice OverTMMFF• Yesterday, 10:40 AM • Itinerant•8 CommentsInsteel Industries, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIIIN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • SA TranscriptsLaredo Petroleum: Expected Sale Of Medallion Pipeline Provides A Catalyst For The StockLPI• Yesterday, 9:38 AM • Richard Zeits•2 CommentsWhat To Expect From Exxon Q2 EarningsXOM• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • Kevin George•3 CommentsKinder Morgan: It Doesn't Get Any Better Than ThisKMI• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•50 CommentsComstock Mining: Poised To PopLODE• Yesterday, 8:38 AM • Jesse Donovan•18 CommentsEnbridge Inc.: A Golden Dividend Growth Opportunity Is Never Offered TwiceENB• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • David Alton Clark•26 CommentsDundee Precious Metals - Derisked And Deeply UndervaluedEditors' Pick • DPMLF• Yesterday, 7:45 AM • Simple Digressions•9 CommentsRowan Fleet Status Confirms A Jack-Up Recovery In ProgressRDC• Yesterday, 7:37 AM • Fun Trading•41 CommentsChevron: The Crude RealityCVX• Yesterday, 7:30 AM • David Alton Clark•19 CommentsKinder Morgan's Big AnnouncementKMI• Yesterday, 3:17 AM • Daniel Jones•31 CommentsKinder Morgan Announces Dividend IncreaseKMI• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:45 PM • Gold Mining Bull•79 CommentsRide The Silver Bull With Avino Gold & Silver MinesASM• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:27 PM • Kevin Vlerick•5 CommentsKinder Morgan's Q2 Earnings - Like Christmas In JulyKMI• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:48 PM • Cloister Research•40 CommentsIs Seadrill Ready For Upside?SDRL• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:41 PM • Vladimir Zernov•15 CommentsImplications Of BP Spinning Off Pipeline AssetsBP• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:27 PM • Gary Bourgeault•12 CommentsConocoPhillips Is A Solid BuyCOP• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:26 PM • Wappinger Capital Research•15 CommentsA Tale Of 2 MLP IPOsNBLX• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:10 PM • Elliott Gue•1 CommentHere's Why Transocean Agreed To This Bad ContractRIG• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:03 PM • Vladimir Zernov•31 CommentsNevsun Resources: Significantly Undervalued Mining CorporationNSU• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:55 PM • The Value Portfolio•14 CommentsApproach Resources Insiders Are Buying Like MadAREX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:55 PM • Long Player•24 CommentsBlack Stone Minerals: Safe Distribution Despite Subordinated ConversionBSM• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:39 PM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsSelect Energy (WTTR) Updates On Merger with Rockwater - SlideshowWTTR• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:17 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentIs Chevron's Dividend Aristocrat Status In Jeopardy?CVX• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:47 PM • Gary Bourgeault•17 CommentsGold Resource - A Small Gold And Silver Miner Worth The GambleGORO• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:39 PM • Fun Trading•15 CommentsJones Energy, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJONE• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:51 PM • SA TranscriptsWilliams Companies: How Much Value Post-Restructuring?WMB, WPZ• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:02 AM • Michael Boyd•28 CommentsHalcon Resources: A New Player On The Permian Block That Can SurpriseEditors' Pick • HK• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:53 AM • Richard Zeits•15 CommentsNews Emerges On Ensco-Atwood DealATW, ESV• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:32 PM • ValueAnalyst•13 CommentsProfit From Ensco's Overpriced Acquisition Of AtwoodATW, ESV• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:00 PM • Lari Lampen•16 CommentsSouthwestern Energy Seeing Success In The Moorefield ShaleSWN• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:24 PM • BTU Analytics•8 CommentsOccidental Petroleum Makes A Small Increase In Dividends - AgainOXY• Tue, Jul. 18, 6:18 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•11 CommentsHalcon Resources Got Out Of The WoodsHK• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:59 PM • Long Player•4 CommentsHarsco Reaping The Benefits Of Restructuring, Even As Energy Markets Remain ToughEditors' Pick • HSC• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:52 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•3 CommentsBellatrix Exploration: An In-Depth AnalysisBXE• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:58 AM • Laurentian Research•46 CommentsBrent Is At $48 And Royal Dutch Pays A 6.97% Dividend - Enough SaidRDS.A, RDS.B• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:25 AM • Bram de Haas•21 CommentsTransocean Bags A 1-Well Contract For The Semisub GSF Development Driller-1RIG• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:08 AM • Fun Trading•49 CommentsXLE And XOP: Comparing 2 Popular SPDR Oil Stock ETFsXLE, XOP• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:21 AM • Kirk Spano•25 CommentsU.S. Gold Corp.: Surprise Gold GemUSAU• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:44 AM • Stone Fox Capital•6 CommentsReverse Oil ETF DRIP Is Finally Heating Up: Big Gains To Be Made On Oil Bear MarketDRIP• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:13 AM • Miles White•5 CommentsGDX: A New Rally In Gold Miners?GDX• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:11 AM • Dividend Investors•20 CommentsEnsco Acquires Atwood Oceanics: Is This The Bottom?ESV• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:53 AM • Dividend Stream•15 CommentsExxon Mobil: An Outstanding Total Return Opportunity Presents ItselfXOM• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:31 AM • David Alton Clark•12 CommentsCoffee Gold Debacle Points To Deeper Issues For GoldcorpEditors' Pick • GG• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:01 AM • Jesse Donovan•17 CommentsEnbridge Inc. Vs. Enbridge Energy Partners: Yield Isn't EverythingENB, EEP• Mon, Jul. 17, 7:19 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•13 Comments123456...710Next Page











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














lawndale capital management llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Forming An LLC - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​form-llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Capital Management - Lawndale Capital Management.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Management



Lawndale Capital Management. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!




Capital Management Information - Search for Capital Management



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​capital/​management



Find Capital Management Results on Alothome.com. Browse Top Listings Online.




Searches related tolawndale capital management llc



ga capital management llc


york capital management llc



lawndale capital management andrew sh...


e&e capital management llc




Web Results

Lawndale Capital Management: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=21433


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC (LCM) is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily manages a series of hedge funds for its clients. It also manages ...


LAWNDALE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/lawndale-capital-management-llc


Detailed Profile of LAWNDALE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC - BrightScope

https://www.brightscope.com/.../74022/Lawndale-Capital-Management-LLC


Contact Lawndale Capital Management, LLC or view Lawndale Capital Management, LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get ...


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder

https://www.wealthminder.com/.../lawndale-capital-management-llc/15686


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC is a financial advisory firm with headquarters in Mill Valley, CA serving the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or ...


Lawndale Capital Management | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/lawndale-capital-management


Learn about working at Lawndale Capital Management. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Lawndale Capital Management, leverage your professional network ...


Lawndale Capital Management Llc - P & F Industries Insider ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/lawndale-capital-management-llc


Lawndale Capital Management Llc, Ten Percent Owner at P & F Industries (PFIN), has a 20.0% success rate when buying and selling stocks.


Comments of Lawndale Capital Management, LLC on S7-10-03

https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/s71003/lawndale061303.htm


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC Andrew E. Shapiro President. By Electronic Delivery. June 13 2003 Johnathan G. Katz, Secretary Securities and Exchange Commission


Lawndale Capital Management LLC - San Francisco , CA ...

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/lawndalecapitalmanagement...


Find the Lawndale Capital Management LLC business profile in San Francisco ...


Lawndale Capital Management, LLC - Best Investment Advisors

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/47812/Lawndale-Capital-Management-LLC


Find details on Lawndale Capital Management in Mill Valley, California. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Andrew Shapiro's Articles | Seeking Alpha

https://seekingalpha.com/author/andrew-shapiro


Andrew Shapiro is Founder, President and Portfolio Manager of Lawndale Capital Management, an investment advisor that has managed activist hedge fu...










Forming An LLC - LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced.



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​form-llc



LegalZoom is Trusted & Experienced. Protect Yourself with An LLC.





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Capital Management - Lawndale Capital Management.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Management



Lawndale Capital Management. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!




Capital Management Information - Search for Capital Management



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​capital/​management



Find Capital Management Results on Alothome.com. Browse Top Listings Online.



Searches related tolawndale capital management llc



ga capital management llc


york capital management llc



lawndale capital management andrew sh...


e&e capital management llc




12345Next






Answers







Capital Management Group, LLC



Capital Management Group, LLC was an investment bank located in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Shawn Baldwin who was Chairman and CEO of the...

more






Covepoint Capital Advisors LLC



Covepoint Capital Advisors LLC is a privately held hedge fund, which is based in New York City, New York. The fund started off as part of Bear Stearns...

more






Blackstreet Capital Management



Blackstreet Capital Management, LLC is a private equity firm that invests in and operates small to mid-sized distressed companies. The firm was founded...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








