


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 Krill Oil Comparison























 
			Call Toll Free
			1-800-214-6908





Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us



 

 

What is the Best Krill Oil on the Market Today? Our Own Opinions and Reviews







We created this website to spread awareness of the benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids for a wide variety of health condition. Many of you have heard of fish oil and its miraculous health benefits, but you may not be aware that there is a superior Omega-3 source which is found in krill oil. Krill are small crustaceans that live at the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean which makes them a much cleaner source of essential fatty acids as they do no accumulate toxins over their short life span as fish do. Krill oil is also stored in phospholipid form which makes it a lot more absorbable in the human body, providing more value and better health results. Krill oil has been shown to be effective for improving cardiovascular health, reducing cholesterol, eliminating pain from inflammation and arthritis as well as improving memory and increasing overall energy.
Both of us are nutritional practitioners who experienced our own health struggles and found natural approaches through which we were able to restore our health and change our lives We have researched the industry’s top krill oil products and wish to share our findings with you so that you too can be informed as to what to look for in a quality krill oil supplement.
Thanks,
Pat & Sue




Krill Oil Comparison








Viva Naturals Krill Oil
Mercola
Advanta

 


100% Pure (No Fillers)




Contains 1,250 mg of Krill Oil




Contains 300 mg of Omega-3s




Contains 500 mg of Phospholipids




Contains 1.6 mg of Astaxanthin




Independently Tested




EPA(Eicosapentaenoic Acid)
165 mg
100 mg


DHA(Docosahexaenoic Acid)
95 mg
55 mg


Money Back Guarantee




GMP Manufacturing


Unknown

 


 
Read Review
Visit Official Site
Read Review
Read Review

 







Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

© Copyright  Krill Oil Comparison - All rights reserved.
Krill Oil product reviews on KrillOilComparison.org are based on our research staff's opinion and verifiable customer's feedback of the products. When possible, we seek the manufacturers breakdown of blends in order to determine extracts strength and therapeutic dosages. We evaluate this against our research of ingredients and effectiveness for krill oil. KrillOilComparison.org sometimes receives free samples of the products for review at the request of the manufacturers and may be compensated for recommending certain products. The information published here is for educational purposes and is not intended or suitable to replace a personalized advice from a health care professional. The Statements on this website have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. No products mentioned on this website are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.







404 Not Found

Not Found
The requested URL /story-of-dr-z/ was not found on this server.
Additionally, a 404 Not Found
error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.

Apache/2.4.12 (Unix) OpenSSL/1.0.1e-fips mod_bwlimited/1.4 Server at krilloilcomparison.org Port 80









 Krill Oil Comparison























 
			Call Toll Free
			1-800-214-6908





Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us



 

 

What is the Best Krill Oil on the Market Today? Our Own Opinions and Reviews







We created this website to spread awareness of the benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids for a wide variety of health condition. Many of you have heard of fish oil and its miraculous health benefits, but you may not be aware that there is a superior Omega-3 source which is found in krill oil. Krill are small crustaceans that live at the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean which makes them a much cleaner source of essential fatty acids as they do no accumulate toxins over their short life span as fish do. Krill oil is also stored in phospholipid form which makes it a lot more absorbable in the human body, providing more value and better health results. Krill oil has been shown to be effective for improving cardiovascular health, reducing cholesterol, eliminating pain from inflammation and arthritis as well as improving memory and increasing overall energy.
Both of us are nutritional practitioners who experienced our own health struggles and found natural approaches through which we were able to restore our health and change our lives We have researched the industry’s top krill oil products and wish to share our findings with you so that you too can be informed as to what to look for in a quality krill oil supplement.
Thanks,
Pat & Sue




Krill Oil Comparison








Viva Naturals Krill Oil
Mercola
Advanta

 


100% Pure (No Fillers)




Contains 1,250 mg of Krill Oil




Contains 300 mg of Omega-3s




Contains 500 mg of Phospholipids




Contains 1.6 mg of Astaxanthin




Independently Tested




EPA(Eicosapentaenoic Acid)
165 mg
100 mg


DHA(Docosahexaenoic Acid)
95 mg
55 mg


Money Back Guarantee




GMP Manufacturing


Unknown

 


 
Read Review
Visit Official Site
Read Review
Read Review

 







Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

© Copyright  Krill Oil Comparison - All rights reserved.
Krill Oil product reviews on KrillOilComparison.org are based on our research staff's opinion and verifiable customer's feedback of the products. When possible, we seek the manufacturers breakdown of blends in order to determine extracts strength and therapeutic dosages. We evaluate this against our research of ingredients and effectiveness for krill oil. KrillOilComparison.org sometimes receives free samples of the products for review at the request of the manufacturers and may be compensated for recommending certain products. The information published here is for educational purposes and is not intended or suitable to replace a personalized advice from a health care professional. The Statements on this website have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. No products mentioned on this website are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.














 Krill Oil Comparison























 
			Call Toll Free
			1-800-214-6908





Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us



 

 

What is the Best Krill Oil on the Market Today? Our Own Opinions and Reviews







We created this website to spread awareness of the benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids for a wide variety of health condition. Many of you have heard of fish oil and its miraculous health benefits, but you may not be aware that there is a superior Omega-3 source which is found in krill oil. Krill are small crustaceans that live at the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean which makes them a much cleaner source of essential fatty acids as they do no accumulate toxins over their short life span as fish do. Krill oil is also stored in phospholipid form which makes it a lot more absorbable in the human body, providing more value and better health results. Krill oil has been shown to be effective for improving cardiovascular health, reducing cholesterol, eliminating pain from inflammation and arthritis as well as improving memory and increasing overall energy.
Both of us are nutritional practitioners who experienced our own health struggles and found natural approaches through which we were able to restore our health and change our lives We have researched the industry’s top krill oil products and wish to share our findings with you so that you too can be informed as to what to look for in a quality krill oil supplement.
Thanks,
Pat & Sue




Krill Oil Comparison








Viva Naturals Krill Oil
Mercola
Advanta

 


100% Pure (No Fillers)




Contains 1,250 mg of Krill Oil




Contains 300 mg of Omega-3s




Contains 500 mg of Phospholipids




Contains 1.6 mg of Astaxanthin




Independently Tested




EPA(Eicosapentaenoic Acid)
165 mg
100 mg


DHA(Docosahexaenoic Acid)
95 mg
55 mg


Money Back Guarantee




GMP Manufacturing


Unknown

 


 
Read Review
Visit Official Site
Read Review
Read Review

 







Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

© Copyright  Krill Oil Comparison - All rights reserved.
Krill Oil product reviews on KrillOilComparison.org are based on our research staff's opinion and verifiable customer's feedback of the products. When possible, we seek the manufacturers breakdown of blends in order to determine extracts strength and therapeutic dosages. We evaluate this against our research of ingredients and effectiveness for krill oil. KrillOilComparison.org sometimes receives free samples of the products for review at the request of the manufacturers and may be compensated for recommending certain products. The information published here is for educational purposes and is not intended or suitable to replace a personalized advice from a health care professional. The Statements on this website have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. No products mentioned on this website are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.








Katherine Lawther Krill: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 12:04 PM ET
Specialty Retail

Company Overview of Ascena Retail Group, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Katherine Lawther Krill  Director, Ascena Retail Group, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships62$194,003
Background

		Ms. Katherine Lawther Krill, also known as Kay, served as the Chief Executive Officer of ANN INC. (formerly, AnnTaylor Stores Corp) since October 2005 and as its President since November 8, 2004 until August 21, 2015. Ms. Krill was responsible for all three of ANN INC.'s concepts, Ann Taylor Stores, Ann Taylor Loft and Ann Taylor Factory Stores as well as all aspects of marketing. She served as Interim President of Ann Taylor LOFT of AnnTaylor Stores Corp. since January ... 22, 2007. She served as an Interim Senior Executive Vice President of Merchandise and Design since January 10, 2005 and President of AnnTaylor Loft Division of AnnTaylor Stores Corp. since 2001. Ms. Krill served as Executive Vice President of Merchandise and Design of AnnTaylor Loft from 1998 to 2001 and Senior Vice President of General Merchandise Manager of AnnTaylor Loft from 1996 to 1998. She has been with AnnTaylor Corporation since 1994, when she joined as Merchandising Vice President of separates, suits, dresses and petites at Ann Taylor Stores. She led the management team of AnnTaylor Loft division since its formation as a stand-alone concept in 1996. She served as an Executive Vice President of Ann Taylor Loft since 1996. Ms. Krill served as an Executive Director of ANN INC. from November 8, 2004 to August 21, 2015. She served as Executive Vice President of Women's Operations of Hartmarx Corporation as well as President of Carroll Reed. Before that, she spent nine years at Talbots, holding various management positions. She has been a Director of Ascena Retail Group Inc. since October 07, 2015. She serves as a Director of National Retail Federation Inc.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
933 MacArthur BoulevardMahwah, New Jersey 07430United StatesPhone: 551-777-6700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorNational Retail Federation Inc.2015-PresentDirectorAscena Retail Group, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
ANN INC.National Retail Federation Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$64,000Total Calculated Compensation$194,003




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationSherilyn S. McCoy CEO & DirectorAvon Products, Inc.$1.2MWilliam T. Dillard IIChairman and Chief Executive OfficerDillard's, Inc.$1.0MKosta N. Kartsotis Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerFossil Group, Inc.--Fran  Horowitz-Bonadies Chief Executive Officer & DirectorAbercrombie & Fitch Co.$1.1MDavid G. Kornberg Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorExpress, Inc.$984.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ascena Retail Group, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























ASNA Katherine Lawther Krill Insider Trades for Ascena Retail Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ascena Retail Group Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ASNA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ascena Retail Group Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 25, 2017, 12:04 p.m.


ASNA

/quotes/zigman/2380068/composite


$
2.30




Change

+0.26
+12.75%

Volume
Volume 918,760
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/2380068/composite
Previous close

$
			2.04
		


$
				2.30
			
Change

+0.26
+12.75%





Day low
Day high
$2.05
$2.30










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.65
        

            $9.12
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Katherine Lawther Krill



Ms. Katherine L. Krill is on the Board of Directors at Ascena Retail Group, Inc., National Retail Federation, St. Luke'S School and The Breast Cancer Research Foundation. 
Ms. Krill was previously employed as President by Ann Taylor Loft and President & Chief Executive Officer by ANN, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/10/2016
4,236


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. David R. Jaffe 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Brian E. Lynch 
Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Robert  Giammatteo 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. David L. Johns 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Stacey S. Rauch 
Director




Mr. Marc  Lasry 
Director




Mr. Steven L. Kirshenbaum 
Director




Ms. Katherine Lawther Krill 
Director




Mr. Ernest R. LaPorte 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Sue  Ross 
Executive VP-Corporate Affairs & Media Relations




Ms. Stacy Lynn Turnof 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. John E. Pershing 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Duane D. Holloway 
EVP, General Counsel & Assistant Secretary




Mr. Carl S. Rubin 
Independent Director




Ms. Linda  Yaccarino 
Independent Director




Mr. Randy L. Pearce 
Lead Independent Director




Ms. Catherine Elizabeth Buggeln 
Independent Director




Ms. Katie J. Bayne 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:04 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:58aWhy Brits don’t want American chickens to wind up in their supermarkets
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:42aElon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg spar on AI
11:31aWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
11:24aS&P 500 jumps to record on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
11:22aWTI oil prices trade near the session's highs on Nymex
11:22aSept. WTI oil climbs by $1.31, or 2.8%, to $47.65/bbl
11:22aThe shockingly subdued VIX doesn’t mean what you think it means
11:21aTrump hammered on Twitter over the tenor of his address to Boy Scouts
11:18aWhat to do if you work with chronic latecomers like New York City’s mayor
11:15aScripps Networks shares are up more than 3%
11:15aConsumer confidence back near 16-year high 
11:14aEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
11:14a5 ways to protect yourself from outrageous hospital bills
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,638.23

+125.06
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,414.88

+4.08
+0.06%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.43

+10.52
+0.43%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15









































































































President & CEO of Ann Inc Krill Katherine Lawther sold 491,767 shares - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































President & CEO of Ann Inc Krill Katherine Lawther sold 491,767 shares


August 22, 2012, 05:58:37 PM EDT
By GuruFocus, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo



AnnTaylor Inc., formerly known as Ann Stores Corporation,
  operates as a national retailer of upscale women's clothing. Ann
  Inc has a market cap of $1.65 billion; its shares were traded at
  around $35.14 with a P/E ratio of 17.7 and P/S ratio of 0.8.
  


  On August 21, 2012, President & CEO of Ann Inc (
  ANN

  ) Krill Katherine Lawther sold 491,767 shares at an average price
  of $33.75. The total transaction amount was $16,597,136.
  


  Ms. Krill has been Chief Executive Officer of AnnTaylor since
  2005, President of the Company since 2004, and a member of the
  Board of Directors since 2004. From 2001 until 2004, she was
  President of LOFT.
  


  Krill Katherine Lawther sold 86,251 shares of ANN stock in May,
  June, and July. Other Directors and Officers, such as EVP/Genral
  Counsel/ Secretary Barbara Eisenberg, Brand President, LOFT Gary
  Muto, James J Burke Jr, and Brand President, Ann Taylor Brian E
  Lynch, have also sold shares of ANN stock.
  


  GuruFocus Guru
  Joel Greenblatt

  increased his position in the Company. He owns 82,207 shares as
  of June 30, 2012, an increase of 209.79% from the previous
  quarter.
  


  AnnTaylor Inc reported their fiscal second quarter of 2012. The
  Company reported net income of $30.7 million and revenues of
  $594.9 million.
  


  Read More:
  

Joel Greenblatt




  About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and
  portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value
  investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And
  publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's
  best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in
  3 monthly newsletters sent to
  Premium Members

  .




The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing
















More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Consistent Grower That Grows 12% a Year
Are CEOs Buying?




















Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize
Liberty Media discusses potential deal with Univision -source







Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
South Alabama Property Receives CSX Select Site Designation
GameStop and ThinkGeek Bring Comic-Con to You




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































Katherine Lawther Krill - Stamford, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Katherine Lawther Krill in Stamford, CT


Katherine Lawther Krill

                                                                                       Intelius found that Katherine Lawther Krill  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Stamford, CT.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Kay L Krill
Krill Katherine Lawther


Get Report Now

Age

Katherine Lawther Krill is in her 60s

Katherine Has Lived In

Stamford, CT
Devon, PA
New York, NY

Katherine's Relatives

Andrew Krill
Jane MacLennan







Katherine Lawther Krill



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderFemale



Professional Status
President at Ann Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Katherine? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Katherine, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Katherine Lawther Krill
Get a Criminal Check on Katherine Lawther Krill
Get a Public Record Report on Katherine Lawther Krill
Get a People Search Report on Katherine Lawther Krill


Katherine Lawther Krill's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Katherine Lawther Krill has lived as well as Katherine Lawther Krill's phone numbers and email addresses.




Katherine Lawther Krill Has Lived in 4 States
Connecticut Address for Katherine Lawther Krill


59 R***** R* 

Stamford, CT


Has Lived In

Stamford, CT
Devon, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Katherine Lawther Krill

(203) ***-**** - Stamford, CT 
(212) ***-**** - Melville, NY 
(609) ***-**** - Princeton, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Katherine Lawther Krill

a****l@***.net
k*************l@***.com


Get Email Report




Katherine Lawther Krill's Professional Information
Information regarding Katherine Lawther Krill's professional history.  Find out previous places Katherine Lawther Krill has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Katherine Lawther Krill Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Ann Inc.
               Title: President
Company: Ann Inc.
               Title: Managing Director
Katherine Lawther Krill's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Ann Inc.
Job Details

Title: Managing Director
               Company: Ann Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Katherine Lawther Krill

 See Katherine Lawther Krill's LinkedIn Profile



Katherine Lawther Krill's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Katherine Lawther Krill


Katherine Lawther Krill's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Katherine Lawther Krill's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Katherine Krill
Username Matches

                  KatherineKrill
                  KrillKatherine
                  Katherine.Krill
                  Krill.Katherine
                  Katherine_Krill
                  Krill_Katherine
                  Katherine-Krill
                  Krill-Katherine
                  KKrill
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Krill







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 




































CEO Connection® Mid-Market Rankings





Home
My Cart   (0) 
Checkout








Mid-Market 500/1000

2017 Mid-Market 500
2017 Mid-Market 1000
2016 Mid-Market 500
2016 Mid-Market 1000
2015 Mid-Market 500
2015 Mid-Market 1000
2014 Mid-Market 500
2014 Mid-Market 1000


Influential Women

Influential Women 2017
Influential Women 2016
Influential Women 2015


Top PE Firms

2017 Top PE Firms
2016 Top PE Firms


FAQ

Pricing
About the Mid-Market


CEO Connection
Mid-Market Convention
Buy Lists
 







 

Katherine Lawther Krill
President and CEO
Ann, Inc.
Ms. Katherine Lawther Krill, also known as Kay, has been the Chief Executive Officer of ANN INC. (formerly, AnnTaylor Stores Corp) since October 2005 and has been its President since November 8, 2004. Ms. Krill is responsible for all three of ANN INC.’s concepts, Ann Taylor Stores, Ann Taylor Loft, and Ann Taylor Factory Stores as well as all aspects of marketing. Known as a strong manager and savvy merchandiser, she helped launch LOFT in 1996 and nurtured it into a powerhouse whose $1.5 billion of revenue in the latest fiscal year eclipsed Ann Taylor’s $960 million. She keeps a close eye on ANN’s online stores and, ever the merchant, stocked both chains this year with lots of items in navy, sensing correctly that it would be the new black.
She serves as a Director at National Retail Federation Inc.


















				©2016 CEO Connection. All rights reserved.
         	
 












ANN (ANN) Katherine Lawther Krill on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»ANN (ANN) Katherine Lawther Krill on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.22.15 | About: Ann, Inc. (ANN) ANN, Inc. (NYSE:ANN)
Q1 2015 Earnings Call
May 22, 2015 8:30 am ET
Executives
Judith Pirro Lord - Vice President-Investor Relations
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Neely J. N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ANN Inc.'s First Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At the request of the company, today's conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Following the prepared remarks by the company, you will have the opportunity to ask questions.
I would now like to turn the call over to Judy Lord, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Judith Pirro Lord - Vice President-Investor Relations
Thank you, Ria, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us again. I'm here with Kay Krill, ANN Inc.'s President and CEO; and Mike Nicholson, our Chief Operating Officer and CFO. Kay will lead off with an overview of our first quarter performance and provide a brief update on our strategic growth initiatives. Mike will then review our financial results in more detail and address our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2015.
Finally, as you know, we have entered into a definitive merger agreement with Ascena Retail Group, under which Ascena will acquire ANN Inc. for a combination of cash and stock. In connection with the proposed transaction, Ascena intends to file with the SEC, a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a proxy statement of ANN that also constitutes a perspective of Ascena, reflecting the regulatory requirements. On this call, we will only be taking questions on the results of ANN Inc.'s first quarter, the outlook we have provided in our press release and on the remarks that Kay and Mike will be making during their presentations.
Before turning it over to Kay, I remind you that our discussion this morning includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current expectations as of May 22, 2015, concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, reconciliations of GAAP results are included in today's press release, which is available on our website, anninc.com.
With that, let me hand it over to Kay.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to review our financial results for the first quarter of 2015, as well as our outlook and our strategic growth initiatives for the year. As Judy mentioned, our discussion this morning is only focused on our quarterly results and the business of the business.
Before we get started, however, let me just say that the board and I are very pleased with the outcome of our strategic review process, and we are confident that the agreement with Ascena is in the best interests of ANN Inc.'s stockholders. The combination of cash and stock provides stockholders both immediate and certain value and the opportunity to participate in the upside of the combined company. In addition, this is the right next step for our company and our associates, clients and business partners. We look forward to completing the transaction and this next chapter for ANN Inc.

Turning now to our results, overall, I am pleased that we delivered bottom-line results for the quarter that exceeded our expectations. We were able to achieve these quarterly results despite softer than anticipated gross margin through ongoing, effective management of expenses. To recap the results, total net sales for the quarter increased 1% to $598 million, up from $591 million in the first quarter last year. Comparable sales declined 1.5%, reflecting a comp decline of 3% for the Ann Taylor brand and a decline of 0.6% for the LOFT brand.
The gross margin rate for the quarter was 52.3%, primarily reflecting a continued high level of promotional activity. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $284 million compared to $289 million in the first quarter of last year. Our SG&A rate of 47.5% reflected a 140-basis-point improvement compared with the first quarter of 2014. This was our most efficient first quarter in seven years and demonstrated our ongoing commitment to efficiently manage our cost structure, the continued benefit of the restructuring actions we took in first quarter 2014, as well as the initial benefits associated with our recently announced SG&A Optimization Program.
On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share for the quarter, was $0.29 compared with $0.11 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2014. On an operating basis, excluding the impact of an $0.08 restructuring charge related to our previously announced Supply Chain Initiative and SG&A Optimization Program, adjusted first quarter 2015 EPS was $0.37 compared with our adjusted first quarter 2014 operating EPS of $0.33.
Our results this quarter reflected a weak February, but stronger performance in the combined March, April period, as clients responded favorably to our spring assortment that coincided with the onset of warmer weather. As I noted on our last call, February was challenging, given the severe winter weather in many of our markets, including the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic, where our business is heavily concentrated. Our performance strengthened in March and we delivered positive comps for the combined March, April period at both Ann Taylor and LOFT. Performance during the quarter was also affected at LOFT by some late product deliveries related to the West Coast port situation, which impacted our ability to offer the full store set on time.
Overall, we continue to focus on delivering meaningful growth on the top and bottom lines as the year progresses. We are committed to driving increased productivity and profitability by delivering compelling product that differentiates our brand in the marketplace and enables us to meet our clients' wardrobing needs, by enhancing the brand experience for our clients to a seamless omni-channel platform incorporating multiple touchpoints, and making further improvements to our supply chain and operating structure, with an emphasis on increasing our responsiveness and flexibility while lowering cost and improving efficiency. The actions we have taken give us a strong foundation on which to build, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead for ANN Inc. to grow the business and increase profitability.
Let's now turn to the brands. First, Ann Taylor. Comparable sales increased 3% at Ann Taylor, but were offset by a decline of 15% at Factory. In terms of the full price business, we were particularly pleased with Ann Taylor's performance in the combined March, April period, with comps increasing 5% over last year.
In addition, based on the strength of the offering and our clean inventory position, we were able to scale back overall store promotions and utilize more targeted category offers during the quarter. Overall, the assortment was well received with dresses, pants, outerwear, jackets, sweaters, and woven tops among the standouts. She responded to our feminine styling and versatility, especially in tops. We offered more color and print choices for spring and this was a home run, shades of blush, corals, blues, and yellow performed especially well in the first quarter, along with feminine floral prints.

From a marketing perspective, we are very pleased with the results and direction of Ann Taylor's spring campaigns, which have continued to elevate the brand while engaging clients and potential clients through more targeted and cost effective channels. Our digital and social media campaigns have been particularly successful, and we continue to refine and involve a mix of platforms and content that we are using to deliver the greatest return on our investment. Our focus will remain on driving traffic, broadening the universe of Ann Taylor clients, and deepening our relationship with existing clients to serve more of their wardrobing needs.
Turning now to Factory, clearly the top line results for the first quarter were disappointing. The majority of the shortfall reflected weakness in the knit and woven tops categories. Nevertheless, the business continued to be a significant contributor to the bottom line. From a product perspective, we have identified opportunities, especially in tops, to drive better sell-through. Overall, we know we need to have a better balance of classic styling and brand-appropriate fashion throughout the offering, and we recognize there is work to do. We have already begun to implement improvements, and have begun to see a more favorable trend quarter-to-date versus first quarter.
Looking ahead for Ann Taylor, we are making progress on the initiatives we have underway, which are designed to broaden the appeal of the brand, reach new clients, and drive market share growth. These include: continuing to evolve our product offering to provide more diversity and versatility in our style offering to meet multiple wear occasions, while also building on our strong legacy of modern separates, driving stronger performance in tops by offering a more balanced assortment across silhouette, color choices, and end use.
Third, continuing to differentiate the brand through fashion newness and its modern aesthetic by utilizing multiple test and chase strategies and increasing the speed of our product pipeline in order to be more fashion right. Fourth, assuring that our fits are always feminine and flattering, consistent with the brand's heritage and, at Factory, making the necessary changes in the assortment to drive higher sales and full price sell-through. Overall, we feel that we are better positioned as we head into summer, and we look forward to building momentum at the Ann Taylor brand as we progress through the year.
Turning now to LOFT, comparable sales were down 1% at LOFT, and were virtually flat at LOFT Outlet. LOFT had a challenging February, but performance improved with the warmer weather, and LOFT delivered a positive comp for the combined March, April period. Pants, shorts, skirts, woven tops, knit tops, boutiques and jewelry all generated positive comps for the quarter. Pants were especially strong, driven by cropped styles and the successful early launch of our shorts offering. Sweaters and denim were softer than anticipated. However, it was our second consecutive quarter of comp growth in knit tops, reflecting the work we've done in this category to rebalance the assortment, infuse more fashion newness, and add greater diversity and style in silhouette to drive strong sell-throughs and recapture volume.
Key items were especially strong, reflecting the initial success of our new testing strategy launched last fall. We look forward to building on this progress over the balance of 2015, and to maximize sales and margin performance in the entire tops category. In addition, color was strong across categories, highlighted by shades of blue, citron, pink and mint. White was also a standout across categories, especially like denim, and we benefited from having a higher print and novelty component with floral prints, eyelet, embroidery, and lace details, all performing very well.

From a marketing perspective, LOFT strategies continued to focus on growing brand awareness, driving traffic and fostering retention. As you know, the brand is increasingly relying on digital and social media vehicle, which have been effective in cultivating greater client engagement in reaching new customers. Moving forward, LOFT is building on this success by introducing more personalization across touchpoints and more targeted offers and messaging to drive engagement, traffic, and conversion.
Turning now to LOFT Outlet. Total sales for the first quarter rose 15%, which was driven by year-over-year store growth. The performance also reflected significant improvements in AUR and DPT. The gross margin rate for LOFT Outlet was particularly healthy for the quarter, reflecting strong product sell through and our disciplined inventory management.
Looking ahead for LOFT, the team continues to focus on the priorities we have identified to drive the brand forward. These include first, increasing the penetration in our tops business by offering greater diversity in fabrications and necklines, while offering her the fashion must-haves of the season. This includes further expansion of our test and chase strategy, which has resulted in a higher sell through and stronger product acceptance, specifically in knit and woven tops. Second, continuing to evolve and build our pants business by offering her flattering fits and modern styling. Third, emphasizing versatility across every category, which is the number one expectation of the LOFT client. She comes to us for product that meets her multiple end uses from work to play.
Fourth, remaining focused on wardrobing, which is clearly part of LOFT DNA. And finally, always maintaining a healthy balance of color, print and pattern, which we know she expects from us. Overall, we are focused on generating higher sales and profitability for the LOFT brand by gaining market share in key categories, broadening the universe of LOFT clients and expanding our relationship with existing clients to capture more of the spend.
Moving on to our corporate strategies, on our call in March, I addressed our strategic growth initiatives for 2015, which are focused on putting our company and our brands in the strongest position to compete and grow over the long-term. More than ever in today's retail environment, this means having compelling, differentiated product that provides our client with great choices for meeting her wardrobe needs, delivering a seamless and engaging brand experience that maximizes ease and convenience and having a highly-efficient and flexible operating structure that allows us to operate as cost-effectively as possible while optimizing speed and responsiveness.
Let me briefly reiterate our key initiatives for the year. First, our Supply Chain Initiative. Launched last November, this initiative is focused on improving our production speed and flexibility, increasing product sell-through and reducing cost of goods sold in order to enhance topline sales and corporate profitability. We have now identified a series of opportunities and are moving forward to develop and execute our plans. Some of the areas we focused on including expanding our use of test and chase strategies and working with vendors in new ways to compress the production timeline and buy product closer to season. As we announced in March, we anticipate generating at least $50 million of annualized incremental gross margin dollars by 2017.
Second, our new SG&A Optimization Program, which was just announced in March. Under this program, which is additive to the restructuring work we did in 2014, we are currently targeting ongoing annualized savings of an additional $35 million by 2016. During the first quarter, we identified new opportunities to further increase efficiency and lower costs in our store staffing model, primarily reducing costs in the back room without impacting sales or service. This helped to contribute to the SG&A savings we experienced in the quarter. We will continue to look broadly across our operations to identify additional opportunities to further increase our efficiency. Together, our supply chain and SG&A initiatives are expected to significantly enhance the company's profitability.

Third, omni-channel, we are very pleased with our progress in enhancing and elevating the client shopping experience across all channels. In fact, in early May, we completed the rollout of omni-channel Phase 2, ahead of schedule. All Ann Taylor and LOFT stores now have endless aisle capabilities, which give our clients seamless access to online inventory from the store environment. The early results of this initiative are positive. In addition, we are continuing to generate an outstanding response to our enhanced mobile capability at both brands, which has resulted in the higher sales and conversion. Finally, our client are responding very positively to update and enhancements we've made on our website, adding new features, improved navigation and more modern aesthetics.
And fourth, Lou & Grey, we're on track as we continue testing and refining our newest concept and we remain excited about its long-term potential. During the quarter, we opened our first new store in Chicago, which has generated a very strong response. In total, we now have six freestanding stores, and are planning to open a handful of new locations in 2015. In addition, we are on track to launch our standalone Lou & Grey e-commerce site later this summer or early fall. We know that we have an exciting opportunity to get the word out about Lou & Grey's offering of casual effortless style, with virtually no marketing to-date, our freestanding stores are attracting a majority of clients who are completely new to ANN Inc. We look forward to building greater brand awareness and introducing Lou & Grey to a broader universe of women.
Overall, we are making good progress. Let me now turn it over to Mike.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thanks, Kay, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll start with a summary of results for the first quarter of 2015 and then I'll provide you some perspective on our outlook for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2015.
Beginning with net sales, net sales for the first quarter were $597.7 million, an increase of 1.2% versus the $590.6 million of net sales reported in the first quarter of 2014. By brand, net sales across all channels of the Ann Taylor brand were $211.3 million, down 3.9% from the $219.9 million reported last year, primarily reflecting soft comps at Ann Taylor Factory and the impact of the closure of 25 Ann Taylor stores since the first quarter of 2014, partially offset by positive comps at Ann Taylor. At the LOFT brand, net sales were $386.4 million, up 4.2% versus $370.6 million reported last year.
Moving on to comps, total company comparable sales for the quarter decreased 1.5%. At the Ann Taylor brand, total brand comps declined 3%, reflecting an increase of 2.6% at Ann Taylor and a 14.5% decrease at Ann Taylor Factory. At the LOFT brand, total brand comps for the first quarter declined 0.6%, reflecting decreases of 0.7% at LOFT and 0.2% at LOFT Outlet.
Turning to gross margin, we reported a first quarter gross margin rate of 52.3% versus last year's rate of 53.4%, primarily reflecting lower merchandise margin, which was negatively impacted by severe weather early in the quarter, soft traffic, and the highly competitive retail environment, as well as soft product performance at Ann Taylor Factory and in select categories at LOFT. Together, these factors caused us to be more promotional than planned in order to clear through inventory.
Turning now to SG&A. SG&A expenses in the first quarter were $284 million compared with $289 million reported in the first quarter of 2014. As a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 47.5%, a 140-basis-point improvement when compared with 48.9% in the first quarter of 2014. This primarily reflected a reduction in overall store operating expenses, due in part to our 2015 SG&A Optimization Program, as well as savings resulting from our first quarter 2014 strategic realignment, partially offset by an increase in performance-based compensation.

Moving down the P&L. During the first quarter of 2015, we recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $6.4 million in connection with our previously disclosed Supply Chain Initiative and SG&A Optimization Program. This compares with a pre-tax restructuring charge of $17.3 million recorded in the first quarter of 2014. Operating income on a GAAP basis was approximately $22.6 million in the first quarter of 2015, compared with $9.2 million in the first quarter of 2014. Excluding the $6.4 million restructuring charge, operating income for the quarter would have been $29 million, a 9% increase compared with adjusted operating income of $26.5 million in the first quarter of 2014. On a GAAP basis, net income for the first quarter of 2015 was $13.6 million, or $0.29 per diluted share, versus net income of $5.2 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2014.
Excluding the impact of the aforementioned restructuring charges for both periods, adjusted net income for the first quarter of 2015 was $17.3 million, compared with adjusted net income of $15.4 million for the first quarter of 2014.
On the same basis, adjusted earnings per diluted share for the first quarter of 2015 would have been $0.37, representing a 12% increase compared to adjusted EPS of $0.33 in the first quarter of 2014. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter decreased 1% to 45.4 million shares, versus 46 million shares in 2014. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 41.7%, versus 40.7% in the first quarter of 2014. Depreciation and amortization in the first quarter totaled approximately $27.4 million compared with $28.6 million reported in the first quarter of 2014. And finally, capital expenditures in the first quarter totaled $17.8 million, compared with $26.3 million in the first quarter of 2014.
Moving on now to the details of our quarter-end inventory. We ended the first quarter of 2015 with total inventory per square foot for the company up 3% compared with last year. However, when adjusting for timing shifts, total inventory per square foot was down approximately 2%. By channel: inventory per square foot was down 10% at Ann Taylor, reflecting an overall decrease in unit inventory per square foot; at LOFT, inventory was up 13%, primarily reflecting a shift in the timing of receipts versus last year, without which inventory per square foot would have been flat; and, inventory per square foot at the factory-outlet channel was up 1% at the end of the first quarter. And finally, we have entered the second quarter with approximately 90% of our inventory representing fresh summer product.
Turning now to store openings and closures. During the first quarter of 2015, we opened a total of eight new stores comprised of two Ann Taylor Factory stores, four LOFT stores, one LOFT Outlet store, and one Lou & Grey store. We also closed three Ann Taylor stores and one LOFT store. The total store count at the end of the first quarter was 1,034 stores, comprised of 242 Ann Taylor stores, 118 Ann Taylor Factory stores, 540 LOFT stores, 128 LOFT Outlet stores, and 6 Lou & Grey stores. Our store square footage at the end of the first quarter totaled approximately 5.85 million square feet, a 1% net decrease from the total square footage reported at the end of the first quarter 2014. In terms of our strong balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $176 million in cash and no bank debt.
Before I go through our outlook, let me briefly state that we continue to move forward on both our supply chain initiatives, which we announced late last year and our SG&A optimization program, which was launched in March. As stated previously, our objective with both of these initiatives is to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness, and profitability.

Regarding our supply chain initiative, which is expected to be an ongoing process throughout the remainder of 2015 and beyond, we expect to realize meaningful benefits beginning in 2016 and building further the following year. As we announced back in March once completed, we expect to generate at least $50 million in ongoing annualized gross margin dollars from this initiatives by 2017.
Our second area of focus reflects our ongoing commitment to aggressively manage our cost structure, which is targeted to generate a total of $35 million in ongoing annualized savings by 2016, of which $20 million is targeted for 2015.
Finally, before turning to our outlook, as you know, we announced on May 18 that Ascena Retail Group and ANN, Inc. entered into a definitive merger agreement, under which Ascena will acquire ANN, Inc. through a combination of cash and stock in an accretive transaction. Upon closing, ANN, Inc. stockholders will receive $37.34 in cash and 0.68 of a share of Ascena common stock in exchange for each share of ANN common stock.
At closing of the transaction, ANN, Inc. stockholders will own approximately 16% of Ascena. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2015 subject to customary closing conditions, including among other things, the expiration or early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and approval of the merger by the holders of majority of the outstanding shares of ANN, Inc. The transaction does not require approval by Ascena stockholders.
Excluding the potential impact of the aforementioned transaction with Ascena, the company expects the following for fiscal second quarter of 2015. Total net sales are expected to be $660 million, reflecting total company comparable sales that are slightly positive compared to the fiscal second quarter of 2014. Our gross margin rate performance is expected to be 51.5%.
Selling, general and administrative expenses are estimated to be $285 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter is expected to be 41% and our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter are expected to be approximately 46.5 million shares, which includes the effect of participating securities.
Excluding the potential impact of the aforementioned transaction with Ascena, the company expects the following for the full year fiscal 2015. Fiscal 2015, total net sales are expected to be $2.560 billion reflecting a total company comparable sales increase in the low single-digits. Our gross margin rate performance is expected to be 51.5%.
Total SG&A expenses in fiscal 2015 are expected to be $1.160 billion, including approximately $20 million in targeted savings this year associated with our aforementioned SG&A Optimization Program.
Our 2015 effective tax rate is expected to be 40.5% and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $85 million. Our total weighted average square footage for fiscal 2015 is expected to remain approximately flat with 2014, reflecting the opening of approximately 40 new stores offset by the impact of approximately 35 store closures. And we expect to end the year with approximately 1,035 stores.
Regarding our share count, we anticipate that our full-year weighted average diluted shares will be approximately 45.5 million shares in 2015. For purposes of modeling EPS in 2015, note that this figure excludes the impact of approximately 1 million participating securities that should be incorporated into your models for a total of approximately 46.5 million shares on a weighted average basis. And finally, we expect to continue to maintain our healthy balance sheet including a disciplined approach to inventory management throughout the fiscal year.
Before we open it up for questions, let me remind you that this call is related to the earnings release that we issued this morning. We are restricted from communicating on the transaction with Ascena at this time and until all of the documents are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

And with that, let's open it up for questions. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. Our first question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
...so much good morning.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Good morning.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Mike, and Kay, I'm wondering a couple of things on Factory. Kay it's sounded like you feel the Factory – the Ann Taylor Factory business in Q1 was a little bit of a self-inflicted challenge perhaps 2Q is picking up a bit. Is it purely self-inflicted or are you seeing sort of broader weak trends in the Factory outlet division? And then two questions for Mike. Should we exclude from our model any further share repurchases in the second quarter through the fourth quarter? And I'm just wondering now that you've gone through the sort of downsizing of the fleet here over the last several years, how are you feeling about the overall size of the fleet and any further actions on that going forward? Thank you.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Kimberly, I'll address the Factory first. Both LOFT Outlet and Ann Taylor Factory have definitely been navigating a choppy traffic environment. But LOFT Outlet has been able to mitigate this more through the strength of its entire product offering actually and Ann Taylor Factory has definitely had some product challenges particularly in tops and then specifically in knit and woven tops. We also had to work through some inventory overhang in the first quarter in Ann Taylor Factory, which I'm glad to say is behind us now. We definitely know there is work to do, to reposition the offering in ATFS with a better balance of classic styling and brand appropriate fashion. I don't think we had that right in first quarter. So, we're on it and the business has improved I'm happy to say so far in May, in both channels actually.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
And in terms of your question regarding share repurchases, Kimberly, in light of Monday's announcement, you should not assume that we will be repurchasing shares during the second quarter or for that matter during the balance of the year. And then your third question regarding fleet size, you're absolutely correct. We feel that we were way ahead of the curve in the domestic retail business in terms of optimizing our fleet size and square footage whether it be overall size of store and the ongoing optimization of the footprint size and we're quite frankly purging underperforming stores across Ann Taylor and LOFT over the last three years to five years.
With that said, in terms of ability to further refine or optimize the fleet, I think it's fair to say that we will continue to refine the overall fleet size at the Ann Taylor full-price business. Within LOFT, there will be select repositionings within markets and some incremental square footage growth over time and we've articulated a view externally of a fleet size of approximately 600 that we'll be comfortable with. In terms of growth with an outlet at this point in time, we're going to focus on continuing to grow our LOFT Outlet business and directionally we're comfortable with the overall fleet size at Ann Taylor Factory.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Terrific. Thank you, both.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Good morning, everyone and congratulations to you all.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer

Thank you.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
A couple of questions. Just for Kay, first. If you could talk about the overall your perspective, Kay, on if fashion trends are stronger this year and if the females appetite for buying apparel, it has improved year-over-year? That would help a lot. And should we expect that the outlet assortment should gradually improve at Ann Taylor as we move through the year or do you still think it will be choppy in that division? I think you said you turned positive. But I just love your perspective there. And just clarification, business trends in May have improved for both brands from where they were in the first quarter. And lastly for Mike, could you just clarify where we should – given all the timing differences.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Janet, one question.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
She has got to give one to Michael. Let it go.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Okay.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
It's probably our last call. So, for Mike – thank you, Mike. Where you think inventory should be at the end of the quarter? Thank you.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Okay. All right. Janet, I'm going to answer the question about Q2 May 1.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Yeah that's good.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
So, so far this month LOFT is performing better than Ann Taylor. However, we do expect the full price businesses in both brands to comp positive for the quarter. LOFT Outlet is doing very well, and is expected to deliver a positive comp performance and obviously, the LOFT brand is positive month-to-date. And Ann Taylor Factory, we expect to remain negative, however, the comp trends have improved since the first quarter in this channel. So things are looking better, for sure. As far as fashion trends go, I would say that bold prints, geometric prints, florals, print – we're definitely in a print and pattern and color cycle, and color is very, very strong, as well as white is very strong. As far as fashion trends and silhouettes, I would say cropped pants are also doing very well too. So, that question...
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Thank you, Kay. Thank you.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Mike, would you like to add some color on what's selling right now?
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Kay, after working with you for the last seven-plus years, I think your merchandising magic has rubbed off on me. And as I look at what's selling, clearly she is loving our shorts, our cropped pants, as you mentioned, knit, dresses, fashion tees, and sleeveless, feminine blouses, we're selling color very well, especially pinks and corals and shades of blue. You mentioned patterns, bold florals, geometric patterns and online, believe it or not, she continues to search for citron and leopard print.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Okay. Thank you.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Wait a minute.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
I'm going to answer your inventory question, Janet. So we talked about our end of first quarter inventory position in our prepared remarks where, on an all-in basis for the company, that we finished, for the first quarter, up about 3%. However, when you adjust for timing shifts, inventory per square foot was down 2%, and that was really a function of LOFT. On a reported basis, they were up 13%. But again, if you adjust for timing shifts year-on-year, LOFT was essentially flat.

I think I mentioned on our call in March that we would be challenged with timing shifts and reported inventory results at end of period in the first half of the year, particularly at LOFT, and we'll be facing that same challenge at the end of the second quarter, or going into August. However, with that said, on an adjusted basis, we expect inventory to be flat to down across the company, and as a reminder, in terms of our inventory buy and our unit inventory position, the business across both brands, and all channels of both brands, was positioned flat to down on a year-on-year basis.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Thanks so much.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thank you, Janet.
Operator
Thank you. Next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely J. N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Great. Good morning. And I'm going to add my congratulations on this transaction that is underway – to both of you, and to the board. So, hey, Mike, can you walk us through a little bit on the cost savings? So we've indentified the total of $85 million between supply chain and SG&A. How much of that have you actually realized year-to-date this year? We heard about the $20 million that you anticipate to realize out of the SG&A side, I believe.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Yes.
Neely J. N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
So, what total do you expect between both buckets to be realized this year? And then, lastly, and I think this is an important point for investors right now, is the $85 million that you've indentified contemplated at all in the $150 million that Ascena has actually identified as cost saving synergies? Our understanding is no, but we're just wanting to make sure that we're crystal on that point. Thank you.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Sure. So, the first question in terms of, what can we expect to realize from both initiatives in 2015. Our guidance does not assume that we recognize or realize any benefit associated with the supply chain initiative in fiscal 2015. Again, as a reminder, we've articulated a view that we believe we have a clearly defined pathway to at least $50 million of opportunity by year-end 2017, and we expect to realize a significant component of that in 2016. As it relates to the SG&A initiative, we've articulated a view that we're targeting $35 million over the next two years, $20 million of which we've targeted to be realized in 2015.
During the first quarter, we realized in the neighborhood of approaching $5 million of SG&A save, so the run rate is clearly there, and a tailwind as it relates to realizing at least the $20 million of opportunity in 2015. As it relates to the synergy view that Ascena and David articulated on Monday, I am not in a position today to make any comment with respect to the synergy opportunity that Ascena articulated on Monday.
Neely J. N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Thank you.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thank you, Neely.
Operator
Thank you. Next question is from Adrienne Yih with Janney Capital Markets.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Good morning, and let me add my congratulations on the transaction. I had a question on AUC for Mike, for the back half, if you can comment a little bit on that. And then for Kay, two quick questions. One, if you can give us an update on the international opportunities. And then two, we've had several years now where we see strength in 2Q and 3Q and then the opportunity lies in the fourth quarter, and I'm wondering what are you doing differently this year to really capture that. And then my final comment is really just it's been incredible working with both of you, and I really want to thank you for all the hard work that you've done over the years, and I hope this isn't our last interaction together, but just wanted to thank you.

Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Thank you, Adrienne.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
So, I'll take the AUC question, as it relates to AUC and the sourcing initiative, follow-on to Neely's question, and the $50 million that we're targeting by 2017, we're not anticipating any benefit from that initiative in this fiscal year. With that said, though, we went into 2015 collectively as an enterprise before we had launched the strategic sourcing supply chain initiative with a goal of delivering actual AUCs that would be down in the, call it, low and in some cases approaching mid-single digits, but I think it's reasonable to think about AUC year-on-year on like-for-like product low-single digit declines in AUC and that is one of the factors that gives us confidence as we move forward over the balance of the year and realizing year-on-year growth in gross margin rate, not only the fact that we expect to realize lower product cost on a like-for-like basis, but we'll also have the benefit of the West Coast Port situation in the prior year compared as a (50:38) benefit. And then also, our inventory position and our buy as we progress through the balance of the year, second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter will get progressively more conservative from a unit inventory position year-on-year.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Okay. Adrienne, let me just address real quick fourth quarter. It's too early to detail product strategies at this time. We are buying holiday (51:06) as we speak now, but we're holding more open-to-buy than we ever have for this quarter, so we can chase into it based on trends. And I will say that our inventory levels regarding fourth quarter, inventory levels for sure are going to be better controlled than ever before because that's the quarter that's typically our lowest margin quarter and we've learned a lot this year and we're on it. So, it's too early and we'll articulate that maybe in August.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
And then international?
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
International; we're in Mexico, we're still in Canada, and we're expanding a little bit more in Mexico. We're going to have three more franchise stores this year and that's as far as we're going at this point.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Great. Thank you so much.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
More to come.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Good morning, everyone.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Good morning.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
As you think about the Factory channel overall, both for LOFT and for Ann Taylor, what do you see as the differences in performance for each? Is there traffic differences? Is there category performance? And on the additional cost savings that you mentioned, are there particular buckets that that would fall into? Thank you.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Sure. In terms of traffic differential by brand in the Outlet segment during the first quarter, LOFT Outlet, their traffic was essentially flat on an average store basis year-on-year and at Ann Taylor Factory traffic was down in the low-single digits.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
And from a product perspective, Dana, virtually everything worked in LOFT Outlet. There was no product weaknesses, and in Ann Taylor Factory, as I have said for the past two calls, there's been significant weakness in the knit and woven top area and that affected the overall business for sure. And then so far in May, those two categories have improved pretty significantly. So we hope we're on the mend there and we hope we're past the bad performance.

Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
And then to follow on your question regarding drivers of the cost savings in 2015, I think Kay mentioned in her opening comments, cost of operating store and store staffing (53:40), we've looked at opportunities and have actually begun to implement further opportunities or additional opportunities over the balance of the year where we will focus on non-selling, non-client facing labor hours. So we're really looking to become even more efficient in store in how we operate the stores. And then beyond that we are looking at every dollar of non-merchandise spend across the enterprise, whether it be IT costs, facility costs, or client contact center, everything is up for discussion and we're aggressively going after opportunities to improve overall service levels, while optimizing the overall cost structure.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Thank you.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Last question for today is from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Thanks very much. I'll add my congrats as well. I guess, Kay, I have no merchandising questions I guess for you in my last call. So I guess a couple of questions for you just starting (54:51) on the CapEx side of the business. Just be curious if you can talk about your CapEx spending, how much is on the IT omni-channel side versus your stores CapEx and what do you think normalized CapEx for the business would be? And on the distribution center capability, how much excess capacity do you still have left in your current facility or number of stores you could add to it? And on omni-channel, I guess, can you remind us what kind of e-commerce fulfillment you guys have outsourced versus what you guys have in-house, just curious as we try to compare the businesses? Thanks so much, guys.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thanks, Brian. Judy, can you stop writing and hold up the sign so I can recall all of Brian's questions?
Judith Pirro Lord - Vice President-Investor Relations
Normalized CapEx.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Okay. So, CapEx, so our framework we guided I believe to $85 million this year, essentially all but $25 million relates to the store fleet and real estate. The balance is predominately IT. And within IT, I would say more than two thirds of that spend relates to ongoing investments in our e-commerce platform and ongoing investments to support the evolution of omni-channel.
In terms of normalized CapEx, I think you've got to take a view on incremental unit growth and how aggressive or not one needs to be. If the question relates to maintenance CapEx, I think you could probably get to an outcome that would be below $50 million and call it in the $25 million to $50 million range and potentially close to $25 million if you were truly on an aggressive conservative maintenance CapEx view of running the business.
In terms of omni-channel fulfillment outsourced versus in-house today, all of our fulfillment is outsourced with a best-in-class third party who has been with us and supported us over the years and our massive growth in e-commerce, and we continue to work with them to look at opportunities to continue to drive greater efficiencies and speed of delivery to the client. And then our store DCs, the question was around capacity. And we certainly have capacity there. We have capacity for another 200 stores to 300 stores. And so it's a valuable asset to the enterprise and the team there. We appreciate all the work that they have done for us and continue to do for ANN, Inc and we clearly have an opportunity to support further growth of this business going forward.

Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Okay. That ends our call today. We appreciate your continued support and interest in ANN, Inc. and you all have a great weekend.
Operator
That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Apparel Stores, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ANN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksNetflix: Sell Sell SellNFLX• Today, 11:51 AM • Celeritas Investments•2 CommentsCentral European Media Enterprises Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCETV• Today, 10:53 AM • SA TranscriptsSmall Cap Trading At Large Discount To Book ValueASFI• Today, 10:46 AM • Christopher SpeetzenO'Reilly: Premium Relative To Peers Makes It A Tough SellORLY• Today, 10:38 AM • Bank On Insight•1 CommentAnixter International Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAXE• Today, 10:26 AM • SA TranscriptsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•14 CommentsMacy's: This One Is For Contrarian Bargain HuntersM• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•1 CommentJetBlue Airways Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJBLU• Today, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThis Unknown Growth Play From The Food Industry Offers A Great Value PropositionIVFH• Today, 8:41 AM • Value Digger•2 CommentsHere's How I'm Managing My Long-Term Position In Home DepotHD• Today, 8:20 AM • James Sands•7 CommentsScreaming Buy - Las Vegas SandsLVS• Today, 7:56 AM • Leo Nelissen•13 CommentsUnion Pacific: Driving Toward Our Worst-Case ValuationUNP• Today, 7:39 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•16 CommentsInterpublic Group of Companies Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIPG• Today, 7:33 AM • SA TranscriptsBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeEarnings Watch: Starbucks Set To Impress On Weaker DollarSBUX• Today, 5:51 AM • Feria Investor•2 CommentsThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Today, 5:19 AM • Bank On Insight•3 CommentsMalone's Trading Record Bodes Well For Liberty Latin AmericaLILA, LILAK• Yesterday, 8:56 PM • Global Value Scanner•2 CommentsHeidrick & Struggles International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHSII• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • SA TranscriptsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•1 CommentYY, Inc.: Better Than Momo?YY• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Focus Equity•9 CommentsBuy Park Hotels To Diversify Your Income PortfolioPK• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Sam Lin, CFA•8 CommentsFoot Locker: Its Time To BuyFL• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • L&F Capital Management•23 CommentsBest Buy's Successful Turnaround LessonsEditors' Pick • BBY• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • Brian Langis•3 CommentsTesting UPS As A Long-Term Dividend PlayUPS• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Beulah Meriam K•12 CommentsHome Depot: Earnings PredictionHD• Yesterday, 1:49 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•23 CommentsThe First Domino Is Set To Fall In Canterbury Park's Ambitious Real Estate Development PlanCPHC• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jeff Marston•6 CommentsRite Aid: Recovery PlayRAD• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Christopher Yuen•46 CommentsBuy The Dip In Dick's Sporting GoodsDKS• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • L&F Capital Management•9 CommentsLuxottica Group S.p.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLUX• Yesterday, 12:25 PM • SA TranscriptsJ.B. Hunt Going On The Hunt, But I'm NotJBHT• Yesterday, 12:24 PM • The Value InvestorGenuine Parts Company - This Company Suits My Investor ProfileGPC• Yesterday, 12:15 PM • Charles Fournier•14 CommentsNetflix: Booming Revenue And Imploding Cash FlowsNFLX• Yesterday, 11:38 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•33 CommentsWill Amazon Ruin Wal-Mart's Business?WMT• Yesterday, 11:08 AM • David Butler•19 CommentsWilliams-Sonoma - Get In On This SaleWSM• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • Wappinger Capital Research•5 CommentsCostco: Short Squeeze On The Way?COST• Yesterday, 10:13 AM • Rahul Salgia•16 CommentsIt's Time To Avoid 'Staple Stocks' And Seek Growth In Small CapsMCD• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•4 CommentsTime For Chipotle To Replicate McDonald's PlaybookCMG• Yesterday, 9:43 AM • Sabra Capital Partners•20 CommentsScorpio Bulkers Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSALT• Yesterday, 9:23 AM • SA TranscriptsManpowerGroup Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMAN• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Accelerating Death Of Sears RetailSHLD• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • Elephant Analytics•84 CommentsWhy Are Investors Expecting More From PriceSmart?PSMT• Yesterday, 8:36 AM • Vince MartinThe Walt Disney Co. - A DCF AnalysisDIS• Yesterday, 8:19 AM • Saanal Deshpande•18 CommentsShould You Invest In TJX Shares?TJX• Yesterday, 8:18 AM • Canadian Dividend Growth Investor•17 CommentsSome Thoughts On A Discovery-Scripps MergerDISCA, SNI• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • Kenra Investors•4 CommentsJ.C. Penney: Diversifying Its OfferingsJCP• Yesterday, 7:18 AM • Elephant Analytics•13 CommentsGameStop: Deeply Undervalued Company Or A Value Trap?GME• Yesterday, 6:46 AM • Daniel Schönberger•11 CommentsFoot Locker Keeps Getting BetterFL• Yesterday, 6:25 AM • Nicholas D. Rempel•11 CommentsAlibaba: My Valuation Of The StockBABA• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Kenra Investors•29 CommentsBuffalo Wild Wings: A Path Back To RelevanceBWLD• Yesterday, 5:54 AM • Avi Danda•6 CommentsTungsten Corp. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTUNG• Yesterday, 4:02 AM • SA TranscriptsOf Chipotle, Sino-Global, Valuation And Glengarry Glen Ross?CMG• Yesterday, 2:00 AM • The Nattering Naybob•30 CommentsRyanair Holdings PLC Q1 2018 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRYAAY• Yesterday, 1:50 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentWild Ride For DryShipsDRYS• Yesterday, 12:54 AM • Morningsidepark•28 CommentsDryShips - CEO'S Voting Rights Down To 3 Million. Shareholders Gain Control?DRYS• Yesterday, 12:08 AM • Research & Investment•40 CommentsSherwin-Williams: Strong Q2 Thanks To Newly Acquired ValsparSHW• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:02 PM • Sure Dividend•6 CommentsTJX Isn't Getting 'Amazoned,' But It Still Isn't Cheap EitherTJX• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:32 PM • Shareholders Unite•11 CommentsCan Teekay Corporation Rescue Teekay Offshore PartnersTK• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:10 PM • Long Player•77 CommentsKansas City Southern Bucks Last Week's Class I Sell-OffKSU• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:07 AM • James Sands•6 CommentsDelta - Life Isn't FairDAL• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:19 AM • Michael Rogus•36 CommentsDunkin' Brands Discounted Cash Flow Valuation: Buying OpportunityDNKN• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:57 AM • Sean Warneke•6 CommentsAvoid Sears Stock Like The PlagueSHLD• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:36 AM • Christopher Yuen•57 CommentsAthenahealth - Beauty Is In The Eye Of The BeholderATHN• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:04 AM • Christopher Speetzen•1 CommentL.B. Foster - Prices Have Recovered But Remain UndervaluedFSTR• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:23 AM • DTF Capital•4 CommentsIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:14 AM • Philip Ryan•10 CommentsBuy Chipotle Stock Amid Recent Outbreak FearsCMG• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:48 AM • Christopher Yuen•148 CommentsGreene King: Is The 5% Yield Enough?GKNGY, GRKGF• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:36 AM • Mark Dockray•10 CommentsFundamentals And Technicals Agree On W.W. Grainger StockGWW• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:35 PM • Aleksandar Vichev•12 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Stephen Saroki•1 CommentThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsBed & Bath Beyond: A No Brainer, Management Optionality UndervaluedBBBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:24 PM • Kario-Paul Brown•14 CommentsComcast And Liberty Global Invest In Integrate's Demand MarTechLBTYA• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:24 PM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsWhy Air France-KLM Is In A BubbleAFRAF• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:23 PM • Wubbe Bos•4 CommentsKroger's Recent Price Weakness Might Just Be A Good LossKR• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:00 PM • Chuck Carnevale•82 CommentsWag Of Approval For PetIQPETQ• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:56 PM • Don Dion•4 CommentsGNC: I'm Not Bluffing With Pocket DeucesGNC• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:37 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•70 Comments123456...800Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Arlington Asset's (AI) CEO Rock Tonkel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 12:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PrairieSky Royalty's (PREKF) CEO Andrew Phillips on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PREKF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Informa's (IFPJF) CEO Stephen Carter on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IFPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




CIT Group's (CIT) CEO Ellen Alemany on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CIT•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:19 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




UPM-Kymmene's (UPMKF) CEO Jussi Pesonen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UPMKF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:48 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Wessanen's (KJWNF) CEO Christophe Barnouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KJWNF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:43 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Luxottica Group's (LUX) CEO Massimo Vian on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LUX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akzo Nobel's (AKZOF) CEO Thierry Vanlancker Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKZOF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:26 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Coca-Cola FEMSA's (KOF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KOF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:27 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sanmina's (SANM) CEO Jure Sola on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SANM•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heidrick & Struggles International's (HSII) CEO Krishnan Rajagopalan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HSII•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alphabet's (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GOOG•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Rambus' (RMBS) CEO Ron Black on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RMBS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) CEO Lip-Bu Tan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CDNS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Woodward's (WWD) CEO Tom Gendron on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWD•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Hawaii's (BOH) CEO Peter Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOH•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reckitt Benckiser Group's (RBGPF) CEO Anthony Romano on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RBGPF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OMAB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARNC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TCF Financial's (TCF) CEO Craig Dahl on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Philips' (PHG) CEO Frans van Houten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PHG•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




VF Corporation's (VFC) CEO Steve Rendle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VFC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Opus Bank's (OPB) CEO Stephen Gordon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OPB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Helix Energy Solutions' (HLX) CEO Owen Kratz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLX•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPM International's (RPM) CEO Frank Sullivan on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPM•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Halliburton's (HAL) CEO Jeff Miller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAL•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Marin Bancorp's (BMRC) CEO Russ Colombo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMRC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hasbro's (HAS) CEO Brian Goldner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Scorpio Bulkers' (SALT) CEO Emanuele Lauro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SALT•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ManpowerGroup's (MAN) CEO Jonas Prising on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAN•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4432Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
ANN (ANN) Katherine Lawther Krill on Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»ANN (ANN) Katherine Lawther Krill on Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMar.13.15 | About: Ann, Inc. (ANN) ANN, Inc. (NYSE:ANN)
Q4 2014 Earnings Call
March 13, 2015 8:30 am ET
Executives
Judith Pirro Lord - Vice President-Investor Relations
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Betty Chen - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ANN INC.'s fourth quarter and full-year 2014 conference call.
I would now like to turn the call over to Judy Lord, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Judith Pirro Lord - Vice President-Investor Relations
Thank you, Shirley, and good morning, everyone. Happy Friday, thank you for joining us today. I'm here today with Kay Krill, ANN INC.'s President and CEO; and Mike Nicholson, our Chief Operating Officer and CFO.
Kay will lead off with an overview of the fourth quarter performance and provide a brief update on our strategic growth initiatives. Mike will then review our financial results for fourth quarter and full year 2014 in detail and provide our outlook for the fiscal first quarter and full year 2015. After that, we'll open it up for your questions.
Before turning it over to Kay, we would like to remind you that our discussion this morning includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the company's current expectations as of March 13, 2015 concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, reconciliations of GAAP results are included in today's press release, which is available on our website.
With that, let me hand it over to Kay.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to review our financial results for fourth quarter and fiscal 2014, as well as our strategic growth initiatives and outlook for 2015.
For the fourth quarter, despite the highly promotional and competitive environment, ANN, Inc. achieved positive comparable sales and effectively managed expenses to deliver bottom-line results that came in slightly ahead of the outlook we provided in November.
To recap the period, total net sales for the quarter increased 4% to $647 million, up from $623 million in the fourth quarter last year. Comparable sales increased 1% on top of a 3% increase last year, reflecting flat comps for the Ann Taylor brand and an increase of 2% for the LOFT brand.
The gross margin rate for the quarter was 45.8%, primarily due to the continued high level of promotional activity across the industry, as well as the 130 basis point impact of incremental air freight costs incurred in response to the West Coast port situation.
SG&A expenses for the quarter were $295 million, down from $301 million in the fourth quarter last year. Our SG&A rate of 45.6%, reflected a 280 basis point improvement compared to the fourth quarter of 2013 and is a testament to our continued commitment to efficiently manage our cost structure as well as the ongoing benefit of our strategic realignment announced in March 2014 and lower marketing costs. In fact, our full year SG&A rate was our lowest in seven years and gives us a solid foundation as we continue our focus on efficiency and optimizing our cost structure.
Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.01, which includes an $0.11 per share impact of the incremental freight cost incurred in response to the West Coast port situation. Excluding this impact, EPS would have been $0.12 compared to $0.10 in the year-ago period.

Overall, we entered the fourth quarter prepared for a competitive environment and delivered on our commitment to clear excess inventory. And as Mike will detail later, we have entered 2015 with a conservative inventory plan for the year.
For the full year 2014, total net sales reached $2.53 billion, up from $2.49 billion in fiscal 2013. Our earnings per diluted share for the year, as noted in our press release, and as Mike will discuss later, reflected the impact of restructuring and other charges as well as incremental air freight costs. Excluding these items, our adjusted EPS for fiscal year 2014 was $1.94 compared to EPS of $2.19 in 2013. While we are disappointed that we could not achieve a sixth consecutive year of EPS growth in 2014, I'm pleased with how our team responded to the many challenges we faced during the year and we are fully committed to restoring positive growth and momentum over the course of 2015.
First and foremost, this includes a clear focus on delivering outstanding product for our clients through a seamless brand experience. At the same time, we are committed to carefully controlling inventory levels, which is expected to support more full-price selling and higher gross margin versus 2014.
We also will continue to execute on our existing strategic initiatives. In addition, we are adding new areas of focus that are designed to enable us to compete more effectively, perform even more efficiently and drive higher profitability. As I'll discuss shortly, these initiatives include our recently launched supply chain initiatives, a new SG&A optimization program, Phase 2 of our omni-channel strategy and the further development of Lou & Grey. These provide meaningful opportunities to increase sales and profitability over the long-term and give us a solid foundation on which to build as we continue our commitment of enhancing shareholder value.
Let's now turn to the brands. First, Ann Taylor. Total net sales for the Ann Taylor brand for the quarter increased 2%, reflecting flat comps at Ann Taylor and a decline of 1.5% at Factory. The structured components of the assortment continue to lead the performance with suits, skirts, outerwear jackets, and woven tops all strong. In addition, our cashmere sweater collection performed well. Across categories, she responded to styles that offered her versatility. As you know, our team is focused on expanding the versatile components of our offering with products that bridge and transition across the various aspects of her life. This will continue to be a priority. Fashion newness also remains important to her and we continued to achieve success in the fourth quarter without novelty components.
Novelty fabrics and details were particularly well received, including leather and fur trim, lace and jacquard. Color continued to sell well; however, we would have benefited from having a broader color offering with more depth. Our print assortment was also strong.
From a marketing perspective, Ann Taylor remains focused on optimizing our various channels to drive higher traffic with fewer marketing dollars, while expanding our client reach and share of wallet. We have been particularly pleased with the results of our digital and social media campaigns, which have allowed us to reach a broader audience. The team is continuing to test new initiatives, and increasingly using CRM data and new technologies to target our investments where we see the greatest opportunity.
Turning now to Factory; during the fourth quarter total sales in this channel benefited from increased traffic and higher conversions although comps were down slightly. In addition, the margin rate was pressured by the increased promotional activity driven by both the overall environment as well as our commitment to clear through inventory, particularly in knit tops. Nonetheless, this channel continues to be highly profitable. Our focus will remain on carefully managing our inventory position and maximizing their bottom line contribution.

Looking ahead, our team is focused on driving higher productivity and profitability at the Ann Taylor brand in 2015 and beyond. We have identified opportunities to broaden the appeal of the brand, reach new clients and drive market share growth. Work is underway to evolve our product and merchandising strategy to take advantage of these opportunities as we move through the year.
Key to our success will be continuing to perform well in the structured categories and to win in tops, a category that currently represents a significant percentage of the Ann Taylor's business. We have begun to evolve the assortment to offer her a more balanced selection with greater diversity and more versatility to meet multiple wear occasions.
Having the right fashion is also key. And as I mentioned in November, we are increasingly using our test and chase capabilities in order to be more fashion-right and optimize full-price sell-through. At the same time, we also know a flattering fit is important to her. So we're taking steps to further enhance the fit and help ensure that we have the right balance in our style offering in tops, especially in silhouettes, necklines, and price points. Finally, we are focused on opportunities to increase the versatile component of the entire offering in order to expand our appeal to a broader universe of women.
For spring, we are offering more fashion and more color. The fashion component is up from fourth quarter and a year ago, while color for the spring season is more than double fourth quarter and up significantly from last year. Print and pattern will also be higher year on year. In summary, we feel we're headed down the right path, with strategies in place to improve performance as we progress through 2015. We're excited about the initiatives underway to evolve and expand the Ann Taylor brand.
Turning now to LOFT, total sales for the LOFT brand for the quarter increased 5%, reflecting comparable sales increases of 1% at LOFT and approximately 7% at LOFT Outlet. Woven tops, dresses, skirts, pants, and accessories all generated positive comps for the quarter. Among the standouts were cotton shirts, feminine blouses, corduroy and ponte pants, sweater dresses, and novelty skirts. In addition, we are excited that Lou & Grey continues to deliver positive comp performance.
We are also pleased that performance in knit tops strengthened sequentially, reflecting our focus on offering her a more balanced fashion assortment. As we noted on our last call, we've taken steps to right-size our investment, utilize smaller, more frequent buys, reallocate our fabric mix, and incorporate more test and chase. We feel confident we're on the right track. Color, print, and pattern continued to perform well during the quarter, as well as lace, textured knits, jacquards, and tweeds.
From a marketing perspective, LOFT continues to be innovative in engaging its clients in new ways and across multiple channels to further increase brand awareness, drive traffic, and foster retentions. LOFT has been particularly successful with its online strategies incorporating digital outreach and social media. We look forward to continuing to broaden the universe of loyal LOFT clients and growing our relationship with existing clients.
Turning now to LOFT Outlet, total sales for the fourth quarter rose 23%, driven by year-over-year store growth as well as a 7% comp increase. This strong performance despite a challenging traffic environment reflected a compelling product offering that drove higher AUR, DPT, and conversion. In addition, LOFT Outlet delivered a strong gross margin rate, which was further supported by a disciplined inventory position as we continue to manage our inventory investment in this channel to maximize profitability and bottom line contribution.

Looking ahead, LOFT is well positioned for the spring season with new and exciting fashion and everyday essentials, all at great value. Fashion represents a higher percentage of the mix from a year ago. And we also increased the color, print and pattern penetration from last spring. In addition, we feel good about the improvement in knit tops and the work we're doing to drive stronger profitability across the tops category, which is a major area of focus for 2015. In that regard, we are taking steps: first, to adjust the balance of the assortment between knits, sweaters, and wovens; second, to increase the fashion component as well as color, print, and pattern; and third, to add more diversity of style in silhouette, all of which are expected to strengthen our overall results.
In summary, the LOFT brand is well positioned for growth as the go-to destination for her everyday wardrobe needs at surprising prices. We look forward to further expanding the brand's reach, increasing its market share, and attracting a broader following of loyal LOFT clients.
Let's now turn to our strategic growth initiatives for 2015. I'll start by recapping some of our overarching thoughts, which provide context for our specific initiatives. Put very simply, there are three things needed to succeed in today's retail environment: compelling product; a seamless brand experience with multiple touch points; and a highly responsive, efficient, and flexible operating structure. Our 2015 efforts address each of these areas.
The first of these, delivering compelling product, has been partially covered by my earlier comments on the 2015 strategies for Ann Taylor and LOFT, and I will discuss Lou & Grey momentarily. As always, design and merchandising are at the very top of our list, as we continue to differentiate and evolve our brands in an ever-changing marketplace.
The second overarching ingredient for success is creating a seamless and engaging experience for our clients. In many respects, our brands are defined by her experience in our stores and online, how we engage with her across channels. As you know, we were an early adopter of omni-channel technology through the launch of our platform in 2012. And we have continued to enhance our capabilities ever since, including an improved mobile experience, our upcoming Phase 2 rollout, and continued improvements in site speed, functionality, and aesthetics.
Finally, we are highly focused on continuing to operate more nimbly and efficiently. The retail sector has evolved dramatically in recent years, and we have been ahead of the curve in taking action to best position the company for the future. For example, we were among the first to optimize our store portfolio during the 2008 to 2010 timeframe, and more recently, to adopt an integrated stores e-commerce organizational structure as part of our strategic realignment last March. And we continue our journey. We are focused on new opportunities to enhance profitability and evolve the business in today's dynamic retail environment.
So let's turn to specifics, first, supply chain. Launched last November, this initiative is focused on identifying opportunities to improve our production, speed and flexibility, increase product sell-through, and reduce cost of goods sold in order to enhance corporate profitability. As Mike will address, this work is continuing as we evaluate all aspects of our supply chain. And we anticipate generating at least $50 million of annualized incremental gross margin dollars by 2017.
Second, our new SG&A optimization program; this program is incremental to the strategic realignment we completed in 2014, which generated annualized pre-tax cost savings of approximately $25 million, $20 million of which were realized in 2014. Following the success of that program, we are reviewing our operations in 2015 to identify additional opportunities to further increase our efficiency and lower cost. We are currently targeted ongoing annualized savings of an additional $35 million by 2016 associated with this new program. Together, our supply chain and SG&A initiatives are expected to contribute meaningfully to the company's profitability.

Third, omni-channel, we continue to make significant progress in offering a seamless shopping experience across all channels. We are particularly pleased with the strong response to our enhanced mobile capabilities, which was launched at both brands in the third quarter. In fact, conversion rates on mobile devices are up nearly 50%, reflecting a more user-friendly experience for our clients. We've also seen much success with the piloting of our endless aisle capabilities and in select Ann Taylor and LOFT stores.
As you know, the second phase of our omni-channel strategy gives our client access to online product from the store environment. Based on the successful pilot, we are moving ahead with the rollout across both brands and expect all of our Ann Taylor and LOFT stores to have this capability by the end of second quarter.
Fourth, Lou & Grey. We've made significant strides with our newest concept and continue to be very excited about its growth potential. At year end, we operated five freestanding stores at Boston, Atlanta, Raleigh, Pasadena and San Jose. And our plans call for adding a handful of new locations in 2015.
In addition, we are working on a standalone Lou & Grey e-commerce site that is scheduled to launch this summer. The freestanding store have provided a great environment for refining the Lou & Grey concept real time and importantly they have been successful in attracting clients who are new to ANN INC.
In addition, the stores have been operating on a full price basis, despite the promotional environment. Overall, we look forward to continuing to grow Lou & Grey and bringing a casual, effortless style to more women.
In summary, we have meaningful initiatives underway for 2015 and beyond, which we fully expect will contribute to stronger performance, long-term growth, and enhance value for our shareholders.
Finally, before handing it over to Mike, I would like to thank our associates for their dedication and hard work during 2014 in a challenging environment. We look forward to the significant opportunities for our company and our brands in 2015.
And now, let me turn it over to Mike.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thanks, Kay, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll start with a summary of results for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2014. And then, I'll provide you some perspective on our outlook for 2015. I will also address our supply chain initiatives and SG&A optimization program.
We'll start with a recap of the fourth quarter, beginning with net sales. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $647.4 million, an increase of approximately 4% versus the $623.3 million in net sales reported in the fourth quarter of 2013.
By brand, net sales across all channels of the Ann Taylor brand were $249.9 million, an increase of 2% when compared with $246.2 million reported last year. At the LOFT brand, net sales were $397.5 million, reflecting 5% growth over the $377.1 million reported last year.
Moving on to comps. Total company comparable sales for the quarter increased 1% on top of the 2.9% increase in the fourth quarter of 2013. At the Ann Taylor brand, total brand comps declined 0.4%, reflecting flat comps at Ann Taylor and a 1.5% decline in the Factory Outlet channel. At the LOFT brand, total brand comps increased 1.9%, reflecting increases of 1% at LOFT and 6.6% at LOFT Outlet.
Turning now to gross margin. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales was 45.8%, down 350 basis points when compared to the 49.3% rate achieved in last year's fourth quarter. Our gross margin performance in the fourth quarter of 2014 reflected a higher level of promotional activity, both as a result of external pressures and our desire to clear holiday inventories ahead of spring product deliveries, as well as 130 basis points of erosion related to the West Coast port situation.

Turning now to SG&A. SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter were $295.2 million compared with $301.5 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our SG&A as a percentage of net sales was 45.6%, a 280 basis point improvement from the 48.4% in the fourth quarter of last year. This rate reflected continued disciplined expense management, including the ongoing benefits associated with our restructuring in the first quarter of 2014 as well as lower marketing spend.
Operating income during the fourth quarter was $1 million. As mentioned in our third quarter call, we incurred $8.3 million in incremental air freight costs in response to the situation at the West Coast ports during the fourth quarter, which impacted our operating income performance. Excluding these costs, operating income would have been $9.3 million compared with operating income of $5.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Net income in the quarter was $0.3 million or $0.01 per diluted share including the $5.1 million or $0.11 per diluted share after-tax impact associated with the West Coast port situation. Without which, net income would have been $5.4 million or $0.12 per diluted share. This compares with net income of $4.7 million or $0.10 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Moving on to our share count. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter decreased 1% to 45.2 million shares versus 45.7 million shares in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate reflects the benefit of certain tax credits as a result of the extension of legislation during the quarter and compares with an effective tax rate of 13.2% in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Depreciation and amortization in the fourth quarter totaled approximately $28 million compared with $27.9 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2013. And finally, capital expenditures in the fourth quarter totaled $23.4 million compared with $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Turning now to a quick recap of the full year results. Net sales for fiscal 2014 increased 1.6% versus last year to $2.53 billion on an overall comp decline of 1.9%. At Ann Taylor, total sales across the brand decreased approximately 1% to $952.8 million compared with $959.8 million in 2013 and comparable sales declined 2.2% versus last year's positive comp of 1.1%.
At the LOFT brand, total sales increased approximately 3% to $1.581 billion in 2014 compared with $1.534 billion in 2013. Comparable sales decreased 1.7% versus last year's positive comp of 3%.
Our gross margin rate for the year was 51% as compared to the 53.9% achieved in fiscal 2013. Our gross margin results for 2014 were negatively impacted by continued traffic challenges and a highly competitive retail environment, which caused us to be more promotional at both brands in order to clear through inventory as well as soft product performance in select categories at LOFT during the first half of the year and at Ann Taylor during the second half of 2014.
Gross margin also reflected approximately 50 basis points of impact related to incremental air freight costs incurred in response to the West Coast port situation in the back half of 2014.
SG&A expenses for the year were $1.162 billion, which includes the impact of the third quarter pre-tax charge of $5 million associated with the closure of Ann Taylor's Madison Avenue store. Excluding this charge, SG&A for the year would have been $1.157 billion compared with $1.173 billion in fiscal 2013.
As a percentage of sales, SG&A was 45.9%. Excluding the impact of the aforementioned charge, SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been 45.7% representing a 140 basis points reduction compared with 2013, and our lowest rate since 2007. The improvement in SG&A rate was primarily due to lower marketing expense and performance-based compensation, as well as our ongoing disciplined expense management including savings associated with our first quarter 2014 restructuring.

During fiscal 2014, we recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $17.3 million or $0.23 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2014 in connection with our strategic realignment. In the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we recorded a $5 million pre-tax charge or $0.07 per diluted share associated with the closure of Ann Taylor's Madison Avenue store. And finally, during the back half of 2014, we incurred $13.3 million in incremental air freight costs in response to the West Coast port situation, which impacted diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.18.
For fiscal 2014, reported operating income was $111.8 million on a GAAP basis. Excluding the aforementioned charges and costs, operating income for the full year of fiscal 2014 would have been $147.4 million compared with operating income of $170.1 million in fiscal 2013.
Net income for the year was $68 million or $1.46 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Excluding the combined effect of the aforementioned charges and costs, net income would have been $89.9 million or $1.94 per diluted share in fiscal 2014 compared with net income of $102.4 million or $2.19 per diluted share in fiscal 2013.
Our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year decreased 1% to 45.6 million shares versus 46 million shares in 2013, primarily reflecting the repurchase of 1.3 million shares during 2014.
Our effective tax rate for the year was 38.5% versus 39.7% for 2013. Our lower rate is primarily due to the benefit of certain tax credits taken in fiscal 2014 related to current and prior open periods.
Depreciation and amortization in 2014 totaled $111 million versus $107 million in 2013. Capital expenditures for the year totaled approximately $108 million versus approximately $141 million in 2013.
Moving on now to the details of our fiscal year-end inventory, total inventory per square foot at the end of fiscal 2014 increased approximately 11% versus fiscal 2013, reflecting increases of 6% at Ann Taylor and 24% at LOFT, partially offset by a 2% decrease in the Factory Outlet channel. The increases at Ann Taylor and LOFT were primarily driven by a change in the timing of spring receipts versus last year as well as changes in merchandise mix. Excluding the impact of receipt timing, inventory per square foot was up 3% at Ann Taylor and 7% at LOFT as compared to fiscal 2013.
Looking ahead, our inventory plans for the full year 2015 reflect a conservative view, with unit receipt plans that are flat to down versus last year in all channels at both brands. And we entered the first quarter of 2015 with minimal carryover and 90% of our inventory reflecting fresh spring product at both Ann Taylor and LOFT.
Turning now to store openings and closures, during fiscal 2014 we opened a total of 50 stores, comprised of three Ann Taylor stores, eight Ann Taylor Factory stores, 17 LOFT stores, 17 LOFT Outlet stores, and five Lou & Grey stores. We closed a total of 45 stores during the year, comprised of 26 Ann Taylor stores, and 19 LOFT stores.
The total store count at the end of the fiscal year was 1,030 stores, comprised of 245 Ann Taylor stores, 116 Ann Taylor Factory stores, 537 LOFT stores, 127 LOFT Outlet stores, and five Lou & Grey stores. Our store square footage at the end of the year totaled approximately 5.8 million square feet, a 1% net decrease from the total square footage at the end of fiscal 2013.
Turning now to our real estate plans for 2015, looking ahead, we continue to see opportunity for thoughtful investment in the growth of our fleet in 2015. At the same time, we are mindful of the expansion of our omni-channel business and the evolving retail environment. In fact, you have already seen us take action to refine Ann Taylor's brick-and-mortar footprint over the past few years. We are firm believers in the integration of stores and e-commerce, and this will be a primary factor guiding our real estate decisions in 2015 and beyond. In keeping with that, our store opening plans are focused on low-cost, high-return markets, including the continuation of our LOFT small mid-market strategy and incremental growth in the Factory Outlet channel.

In total, we expect to open approximately 40 stores in 2015, comprised of 10 new Ann Taylor Factory stores, 10 LOFT full-price stores, and approximately 15 LOFT Outlet stores. We will also continue our regional and market testing for Lou & Grey through the opening of approximately five new stores. From an international perspective, we expect the addition of approximately five LOFT franchise stores in Mexico.
Regarding store closure plans for 2015, we currently expect to close approximately 35 stores during the fiscal year, comprised of approximately 25 Ann Taylor stores and approximately 10 LOFT stores, with the majority of these closures slated to occur in the back half of 2015. As I mentioned earlier, we will remain disciplined in terms of continuing to assess the environment as our omni-channel business and market structure evolve. And as always, we will continue to manage our real estate portfolio to maximize store profitability and ensure brand presence in key regions and markets.
In terms of our strong balance sheet, after share repurchases totaling $50 million in fiscal 2014, we ended the year with cash of $208 million and no bank debt. We remain committed to using our strong balance sheet and free cash flow to further enhance shareholder value in 2015.
Before I go through our outlook, let me walk through some of the actions we took in 2014 and those we will be taking in this coming year that are expected to benefit our efficiency, effectiveness, and profitability in 2015 and beyond.
First, our supply chain initiatives; we announced the launch of a comprehensive end-to-end assessment of our supply chain four months ago. Coming out of that deep dive, we entered 2015 with a clear plan that we will be executing throughout the year. Between now and 2017, we expect to generate approximately $50 million or the equivalent of approximately 200 basis points in ongoing annualized benefits to gross margin.
From a timing perspective, we anticipate meaningful improvement will begin in 2016 and build further the following year, and the highlights of this initiative include the following: first, enhancing our strategic sourcing efforts, including regional repositioning, more effective negotiations for goods and services, and pursuing opportunities to further leverage scale; second, improving our material management, including expanding our fabric platforming capabilities, reducing spend for related supplies and materials, and further consolidating our mill base; third, implementing brand and channel appropriate product engineering opportunities to ensure we are protecting quality where it counts and getting paid for our investment; and finally, fourth, assessing opportunities to use agents where it make sense and complements our direct sourcing model.
In summary, we're using best-in-class industry benchmarks to ensure that our sourcing and supply chain function is highly efficient and nimble with an overarching goal to improve our production speed and flexibility, increasing product sell-through and reducing overall cost of goods sold in order to enhance ANN INC.'s corporate profitability.
Our second area of focus reflects our ongoing commitment to aggressively manage SG&A. As you may recall, we announced a strategic realignment last March, which we completed in 2014. As Kay mentioned, this restructuring generated approximately $25 million in ongoing annualized savings, $20 million of which we realized in fiscal 2014.
Today, we have announced the launch of a new SG&A optimization program, which reflects a continuation of our efforts to best position ANN INC. for success in a dynamic market by indentifying further opportunities to enhance our efficiency. We believe this program will enable ANN INC. to compete even more effectively by refocusing our resources. We are targeting total annualized program savings at approximately $35 million, $20 million of which is targeted for 2015 and which is incorporated into our 2015 outlook.

With that as backdrop, I will now turn to our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2015.
Overall, we expect the external challenges of the second half of 2014 will continue to impact the first half of 2015, and you should anticipate that we will continue our disciplined approach to expenses as well as our efforts to identify opportunities to operate even more efficiently throughout the year.
For the fiscal first quarter of 2015, we expect total net sales to be $605 million, reflecting comparable sales that are slightly positive versus the first quarter of 2014. Our gross margin rate is expected to be 53%. Selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to be $295 million. We estimate our effective tax rate for the first quarter will be 40.5% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter will be 46.2 million, including the effect of participating securities. However, this does not include any impact of potential share repurchases during the period.
Turning now to the full year outlook, we expect fiscal 2015 total net sales to be $2.565 billion, reflecting a comparable sales increase in the low single-digits. Gross margin rate performance is expected to be 52.0%. Full year SG&A expenses are expected to be $1.175 billion, which includes approximately $20 million of targeted savings in fiscal 2015 associated with our new SG&A optimization program. We expect an annual effective tax rate of 40.5%.
Regarding our share count, we anticipate that our full year weighted average diluted shares will be approximately 45.5 million in 2015. For the purposes of modeling EPS in 2015, note that this figure excludes the impact of approximately 1 million participating securities that should be incorporated into your models for a total of approximately 46.5 million shares on a weighted average basis. However, this does not include the potential impact of future share repurchases.
Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $85 million, representing a more than 20% decrease in CapEx as compared with 2014 and reflects the following investments: first, $35 million in support of approximately 40 new stores; second, $25 million to support our omni-channel growth and technology capabilities; and third, $25 million for store renovation and refurbishment programs.
Total weighted average square footage for fiscal 2015 is expected to remain approximately flat with 2014, reflecting the opening of approximately 40 stores, offset by the impact of approximately 35 store closures. And as always, we expect to remain and maintain our healthy balance sheet including a conservative approach to inventory management throughout fiscal 2015.
And with that, I'll turn it back to Kay.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
It was important for us to get our strategies and initiatives for 2015 out there, and we know our remarks were longer than usual this morning. So, we'll be holding our call a few minutes longer this morning to facilitate your questions.
Let's now open it up, operator.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. And our first question comes from Janet Kloppenburg with JJK Research. You may ask your question.
Janet J. Kloppenburg - JJK Research
Good morning, everyone and congratulations on the progress. Kay, I was wondering, if you could talk about your merchandising execution at both LOFT and Ann. And if given all of the lengthy agenda you have novelty and versatility, if there has been any changes to that team or any changes to the process in terms of lead times? Thanks so much.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Well, Janet, let me first just say that February started out slower than anticipated obviously due to the weather. We had – we experienced a mid single-digit negative comp performance in February. And as you can imagine, the negative weather impacts we experienced across the vast majority of our fleet, but positive comp performance for the month in our warm weather stores.

And with the lion's share of the quarter still ahead of us, we are encouraged by the return of positive comp sales in March at both brands as the weather has improved. And what we're seeing happening in Ann and LOFT right now is, color is selling incredibly well. In Ann, the color coral and blush are selling, prints and animals and floral prints are all selling, moto jackets, outerwear, feminine blouses, ankle pants and twofer sweaters.
In LOFT, exciting knit tops, especially our vintage tee and mixed fabric tops are all selling very well, so we're excited about that business improving. Feminine blouses, our soft utility shirt are all doing well. And pants in general are really on the uptick, be it ankle pants, fluids pants, white denim, we're selling them all very well. Geometric lace details are selling well in LOFT right now and we have a lot of lace and eyelet trims coming in later in both brands, and she's loving the color citron. So we're off to a good start in March. We think that the business definitely is going to continue to improve. As you know, we're an Easter brand. So we fully anticipate everything getting a little bit better. So, we are highly focused on the versatility factor of our assortment. We know how important that is. We know we have to focus on versatility, but at the same time wardrobing is the hallmark of both brands, so that careful balance is really critical to our success. So we feel like we're off to a good start.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Kimberly Conroy Greenberger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Great, thank you. My question is on inventory. Kay, you talked about a more disciplined approach to inventory management here in 2015 and understanding if there were some timing differences here in the fourth quarter number. We're looking at the 3% and the 7% numbers you quoted excluding those timing shifts. Would that be representative of how you're buying inventory through spring, summer, and fall, or is that even higher than what your outlook is in terms of your total inventory buy as you progress through the year? Thanks.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thanks for the question, Kimberly. It's Mike. I'll take that one. So the adjusted end-of-period results of up 3% and up 7% on a dollars per square foot basis are absolutely not reflective of how we're buying and how we're positioning the business, both brands, both on a full front-line, full price basis, as well as a Factory Outlet basis.
In all cases, both brands and both channels within both brands, we are positioning the business on a unit basis flat to down last year. So on an adjusted basis end of year, on a reported adjusted basis, the up 3% and up 7% is not reflective of how we're positioning the business. We're positioning the business flat to down on a unit basis, and we're absolutely focused on executing a plan with lower levels of promotional activity over the course of 2015, regaining realized AUR, and regaining gross margin that we lost over the course of 2014.
Operator
Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. You may ask your question.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Hi. Can you hear me?
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Sure, we can.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Okay. Can you just talk a little – on the renewed SG&A plans that you have on expense reduction, what is the targeted SG&A number that you look out to over the next few years, and also as you think about the store base target too, especially given the Lou & Grey opportunity? Thank you.

Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Great question, Dana. So we have not publicly disclosed or shared a long-term view of SG&A rate. But the fact that our result in 2014 was the lowest rate since 2007 I think is truly a testament to our commitment to aggressively manage expenses here at ANN, INC. It's early days in terms of this broad-based SG&A optimization initiative. Initially, our thinking is that we clearly have opportunity to further optimize cost of operating in store as well as on the non-merchandise procurement side. So as I think about the $20 million of SG&A savings that we've incorporated into our 2015 outlook, at this point the vast majority will come from areas like how we operate in store as well as non-merchandise procurement.
In terms of real estate footprint looking forward, from an Ann Taylor full-price perspective over the next couple years, I actually think that we will continue to shed unproductive lower performing stores. In the case of LOFT full-price, we've actually previously articulated runway to 600 domestic full-price stores, and we're still focused and continuing to grow in the mid and small market arena. On the outlet front, we are focused on continuing to build Ann Taylor Factory to approximately 125 store chain domestically. And in terms of LOFT Outlet, we believe we have a clear runway to 150 stores.
Finally, your question regarding Lou & Grey, we continue to look at Lou & Grey as a test and learn opportunity. We're encouraged with what we see in its early days both as a standalone concept as well as a highly productive concept inside the four walls of LOFT. And I'd also like to share with you that we will be launching a new Lou & Grey standalone website later this year, and our target is by the end of the second quarter.
Dana L. Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Thank you.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Your next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Janney Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Good morning, nice to hear that the comps have returned as the weather has. Mike, my question I believe is for you. It's about the use of the vendors and moving from the more traditional vertical sourcing that you've done. Specifically, can you give us any indication of how much more expensive it is on the buy to shift to the vendors, but then how much more time and the benefit of what you get back from the in-transit, that kind of dynamic there over time? Also, how much vendor penetration do you think that you can shift toward? Thank you very much.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Sure. So I think in terms of migrating the model, and I talked about the opportunity for us to use agents, use third parties where it makes sense, and we really view it as an opportunity, as a complement to our existing direct sourcing model. We don't anticipate, Adrienne, really any significant incremental product cost. In fact, we believe we can continue to drive efficiency and overall AUC reduction. And really we're thinking about it as an opportunity to complement what our existing internal merchant and design teams develop as well as enable us to respond faster to marketplace demand. So that's how we're thinking about this opportunity today and longer term.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Okay. And then really quickly, did you talk about port impact for this quarter? I know you gave guidance, but did you specifically call it out for Q1?

Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
I didn't, but that's a great question. So it's all reflected in our outlook for 2015 and in the first quarter as well as our very specific first quarter framework. So in terms of the first quarter, in our outlook, we're anticipating about a $4 million or $0.05 negative impact to the first quarter of 2015 and a similar impact in the second quarter of 2015.
And beyond that, sitting here today, we're fully anticipating that the West Coast port will clear in the next eight to 12 weeks. And by the time we reach the third quarter, we're not anticipating that we will have to continue to incur this incremental impact. But with all that said, again, I want to reinforce the impacts of the first and second quarter of 2015 of $4 million per quarter or $0.05 per quarter is reflected in the outlook that we shared today.
Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Wonderful, best of luck.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. And our last question comes from Betty Chen with Mizuho Securities. You may ask your question.
Betty Chen - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on a nice quarter and momentum into spring.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Thank you.
Betty Chen - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
I was wondering if you can give us some additional help regarding the cadence of some of the savings, especially the ones that we'll be taking in this year? And then, I guess, if I could squeeze in a quick one. It sounds like structured product continues to be a strength at the Ann Taylor brand and our recollection is that it's a quite important category for the business. Can you remind us what that percentage or penetration may be and whether you're also seeing new customers, especially gravitating towards that collection since it's such a unique product in the marketplace? Thanks.
Michael J. Nicholson - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Sure, Betty. I'll take the first one in terms of SG&A. So, again, our full year outlook reflects the anticipation of $20 million of SG&A savings associated with the SG&A optimization initiatives that we launched today. As it relates to the ramp-up, I'm not really expecting significant savings or opportunity in the first quarter and, again, that thinking is reflected in our first quarter outlook. And I would expect to begin to ramp in Q2 with the vast majority of the savings being realized in the back half of 2015.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
And, Betty, as far as the structured components in the Ann Taylor brand, it's including dresses, I would say, versatile separates, and suites and dresses, it's about 35% of the total, and those elements have been doing well in Ann Taylor. That really is what she comes to us for. We've seen success in those categories. And where our focus is for this year and next is to really regain the tops business and a lot of our emphasis and lot of our work is in that area. So structured is really okay.
Betty Chen - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Okay. Thank you. Best of luck.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Okay, thanks.
Katherine Lawther Krill - President & Chief Executive Officer
Thanks you, everyone. We appreciate your interest in ANN INC. and look forward to updating you on our progress as we move through 2015. Have a great day.
Operator
And that concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Apparel Stores, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ANN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Services including Restaurant and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Services including Restaurant and Retail StocksNetflix: Sell Sell SellNFLX• Today, 11:51 AM • Celeritas Investments•2 CommentsCentral European Media Enterprises Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCETV• Today, 10:53 AM • SA TranscriptsSmall Cap Trading At Large Discount To Book ValueASFI• Today, 10:46 AM • Christopher SpeetzenO'Reilly: Premium Relative To Peers Makes It A Tough SellORLY• Today, 10:38 AM • Bank On Insight•1 CommentAnixter International Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAXE• Today, 10:26 AM • SA TranscriptsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•14 CommentsMacy's: This One Is For Contrarian Bargain HuntersM• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•1 CommentJetBlue Airways Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJBLU• Today, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThis Unknown Growth Play From The Food Industry Offers A Great Value PropositionIVFH• Today, 8:41 AM • Value Digger•2 CommentsHere's How I'm Managing My Long-Term Position In Home DepotHD• Today, 8:20 AM • James Sands•7 CommentsScreaming Buy - Las Vegas SandsLVS• Today, 7:56 AM • Leo Nelissen•13 CommentsUnion Pacific: Driving Toward Our Worst-Case ValuationUNP• Today, 7:39 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•16 CommentsInterpublic Group of Companies Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIPG• Today, 7:33 AM • SA TranscriptsBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeEarnings Watch: Starbucks Set To Impress On Weaker DollarSBUX• Today, 5:51 AM • Feria Investor•2 CommentsThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Today, 5:19 AM • Bank On Insight•3 CommentsMalone's Trading Record Bodes Well For Liberty Latin AmericaLILA, LILAK• Yesterday, 8:56 PM • Global Value Scanner•2 CommentsHeidrick & Struggles International, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHSII• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • SA TranscriptsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•1 CommentYY, Inc.: Better Than Momo?YY• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Focus Equity•9 CommentsBuy Park Hotels To Diversify Your Income PortfolioPK• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Sam Lin, CFA•8 CommentsFoot Locker: Its Time To BuyFL• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • L&F Capital Management•23 CommentsBest Buy's Successful Turnaround LessonsEditors' Pick • BBY• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • Brian Langis•3 CommentsTesting UPS As A Long-Term Dividend PlayUPS• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Beulah Meriam K•12 CommentsHome Depot: Earnings PredictionHD• Yesterday, 1:49 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•23 CommentsThe First Domino Is Set To Fall In Canterbury Park's Ambitious Real Estate Development PlanCPHC• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jeff Marston•6 CommentsRite Aid: Recovery PlayRAD• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Christopher Yuen•46 CommentsBuy The Dip In Dick's Sporting GoodsDKS• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • L&F Capital Management•9 CommentsLuxottica Group S.p.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLUX• Yesterday, 12:25 PM • SA TranscriptsJ.B. Hunt Going On The Hunt, But I'm NotJBHT• Yesterday, 12:24 PM • The Value InvestorGenuine Parts Company - This Company Suits My Investor ProfileGPC• Yesterday, 12:15 PM • Charles Fournier•14 CommentsNetflix: Booming Revenue And Imploding Cash FlowsNFLX• Yesterday, 11:38 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•33 CommentsWill Amazon Ruin Wal-Mart's Business?WMT• Yesterday, 11:08 AM • David Butler•19 CommentsWilliams-Sonoma - Get In On This SaleWSM• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • Wappinger Capital Research•5 CommentsCostco: Short Squeeze On The Way?COST• Yesterday, 10:13 AM • Rahul Salgia•16 CommentsIt's Time To Avoid 'Staple Stocks' And Seek Growth In Small CapsMCD• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•4 CommentsTime For Chipotle To Replicate McDonald's PlaybookCMG• Yesterday, 9:43 AM • Sabra Capital Partners•20 CommentsScorpio Bulkers Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSALT• Yesterday, 9:23 AM • SA TranscriptsManpowerGroup Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMAN• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Accelerating Death Of Sears RetailSHLD• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • Elephant Analytics•84 CommentsWhy Are Investors Expecting More From PriceSmart?PSMT• Yesterday, 8:36 AM • Vince MartinThe Walt Disney Co. - A DCF AnalysisDIS• Yesterday, 8:19 AM • Saanal Deshpande•18 CommentsShould You Invest In TJX Shares?TJX• Yesterday, 8:18 AM • Canadian Dividend Growth Investor•17 CommentsSome Thoughts On A Discovery-Scripps MergerDISCA, SNI• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • Kenra Investors•4 CommentsJ.C. Penney: Diversifying Its OfferingsJCP• Yesterday, 7:18 AM • Elephant Analytics•13 CommentsGameStop: Deeply Undervalued Company Or A Value Trap?GME• Yesterday, 6:46 AM • Daniel Schönberger•11 CommentsFoot Locker Keeps Getting BetterFL• Yesterday, 6:25 AM • Nicholas D. Rempel•11 CommentsAlibaba: My Valuation Of The StockBABA• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Kenra Investors•29 CommentsBuffalo Wild Wings: A Path Back To RelevanceBWLD• Yesterday, 5:54 AM • Avi Danda•6 CommentsTungsten Corp. 2017 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTUNG• Yesterday, 4:02 AM • SA TranscriptsOf Chipotle, Sino-Global, Valuation And Glengarry Glen Ross?CMG• Yesterday, 2:00 AM • The Nattering Naybob•30 CommentsRyanair Holdings PLC Q1 2018 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRYAAY• Yesterday, 1:50 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentWild Ride For DryShipsDRYS• Yesterday, 12:54 AM • Morningsidepark•28 CommentsDryShips - CEO'S Voting Rights Down To 3 Million. Shareholders Gain Control?DRYS• Yesterday, 12:08 AM • Research & Investment•40 CommentsSherwin-Williams: Strong Q2 Thanks To Newly Acquired ValsparSHW• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:02 PM • Sure Dividend•6 CommentsTJX Isn't Getting 'Amazoned,' But It Still Isn't Cheap EitherTJX• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:32 PM • Shareholders Unite•11 CommentsCan Teekay Corporation Rescue Teekay Offshore PartnersTK• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:10 PM • Long Player•77 CommentsKansas City Southern Bucks Last Week's Class I Sell-OffKSU• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:07 AM • James Sands•6 CommentsDelta - Life Isn't FairDAL• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:19 AM • Michael Rogus•36 CommentsDunkin' Brands Discounted Cash Flow Valuation: Buying OpportunityDNKN• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:57 AM • Sean Warneke•6 CommentsAvoid Sears Stock Like The PlagueSHLD• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:36 AM • Christopher Yuen•57 CommentsAthenahealth - Beauty Is In The Eye Of The BeholderATHN• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:04 AM • Christopher Speetzen•1 CommentL.B. Foster - Prices Have Recovered But Remain UndervaluedFSTR• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:23 AM • DTF Capital•4 CommentsIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:14 AM • Philip Ryan•10 CommentsBuy Chipotle Stock Amid Recent Outbreak FearsCMG• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:48 AM • Christopher Yuen•148 CommentsGreene King: Is The 5% Yield Enough?GKNGY, GRKGF• Sat, Jul. 22, 8:36 AM • Mark Dockray•10 CommentsFundamentals And Technicals Agree On W.W. Grainger StockGWW• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:35 PM • Aleksandar Vichev•12 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Stephen Saroki•1 CommentThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsBed & Bath Beyond: A No Brainer, Management Optionality UndervaluedBBBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:24 PM • Kario-Paul Brown•14 CommentsComcast And Liberty Global Invest In Integrate's Demand MarTechLBTYA• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:24 PM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsWhy Air France-KLM Is In A BubbleAFRAF• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:23 PM • Wubbe Bos•4 CommentsKroger's Recent Price Weakness Might Just Be A Good LossKR• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:00 PM • Chuck Carnevale•82 CommentsWag Of Approval For PetIQPETQ• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:56 PM • Don Dion•4 CommentsGNC: I'm Not Bluffing With Pocket DeucesGNC• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:37 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•70 Comments123456...800Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Arlington Asset's (AI) CEO Rock Tonkel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AI•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 12:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PrairieSky Royalty's (PREKF) CEO Andrew Phillips on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PREKF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:58 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Informa's (IFPJF) CEO Stephen Carter on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IFPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




CIT Group's (CIT) CEO Ellen Alemany on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CIT•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 11:19 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




UPM-Kymmene's (UPMKF) CEO Jussi Pesonen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UPMKF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:48 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Wessanen's (KJWNF) CEO Christophe Barnouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KJWNF•
      Tue, Jul. 25, 10:43 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Luxottica Group's (LUX) CEO Massimo Vian on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LUX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  9:45 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Akzo Nobel's (AKZOF) CEO Thierry Vanlancker Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKZOF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:26 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Coca-Cola FEMSA's (KOF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KOF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:27 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sanmina's (SANM) CEO Jure Sola on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SANM•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heidrick & Struggles International's (HSII) CEO Krishnan Rajagopalan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HSII•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alphabet's (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GOOG•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Rambus' (RMBS) CEO Ron Black on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RMBS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) CEO Lip-Bu Tan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CDNS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Woodward's (WWD) CEO Tom Gendron on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWD•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Hawaii's (BOH) CEO Peter Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOH•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reckitt Benckiser Group's (RBGPF) CEO Anthony Romano on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RBGPF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OMAB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARNC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TCF Financial's (TCF) CEO Craig Dahl on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Philips' (PHG) CEO Frans van Houten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PHG•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




VF Corporation's (VFC) CEO Steve Rendle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VFC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Opus Bank's (OPB) CEO Stephen Gordon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OPB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Helix Energy Solutions' (HLX) CEO Owen Kratz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLX•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPM International's (RPM) CEO Frank Sullivan on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPM•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Halliburton's (HAL) CEO Jeff Miller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAL•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Marin Bancorp's (BMRC) CEO Russ Colombo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMRC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hasbro's (HAS) CEO Brian Goldner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Scorpio Bulkers' (SALT) CEO Emanuele Lauro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SALT•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ManpowerGroup's (MAN) CEO Jonas Prising on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAN•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4432Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 Krill Oil Comparison























 
			Call Toll Free
			1-800-214-6908





Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us



 

 

What is the Best Krill Oil on the Market Today? Our Own Opinions and Reviews







We created this website to spread awareness of the benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids for a wide variety of health condition. Many of you have heard of fish oil and its miraculous health benefits, but you may not be aware that there is a superior Omega-3 source which is found in krill oil. Krill are small crustaceans that live at the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean which makes them a much cleaner source of essential fatty acids as they do no accumulate toxins over their short life span as fish do. Krill oil is also stored in phospholipid form which makes it a lot more absorbable in the human body, providing more value and better health results. Krill oil has been shown to be effective for improving cardiovascular health, reducing cholesterol, eliminating pain from inflammation and arthritis as well as improving memory and increasing overall energy.
Both of us are nutritional practitioners who experienced our own health struggles and found natural approaches through which we were able to restore our health and change our lives We have researched the industry’s top krill oil products and wish to share our findings with you so that you too can be informed as to what to look for in a quality krill oil supplement.
Thanks,
Pat & Sue




Krill Oil Comparison








Viva Naturals Krill Oil
Mercola
Advanta

 


100% Pure (No Fillers)




Contains 1,250 mg of Krill Oil




Contains 300 mg of Omega-3s




Contains 500 mg of Phospholipids




Contains 1.6 mg of Astaxanthin




Independently Tested




EPA(Eicosapentaenoic Acid)
165 mg
100 mg


DHA(Docosahexaenoic Acid)
95 mg
55 mg


Money Back Guarantee




GMP Manufacturing


Unknown

 


 
Read Review
Visit Official Site
Read Review
Read Review

 







Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

© Copyright  Krill Oil Comparison - All rights reserved.
Krill Oil product reviews on KrillOilComparison.org are based on our research staff's opinion and verifiable customer's feedback of the products. When possible, we seek the manufacturers breakdown of blends in order to determine extracts strength and therapeutic dosages. We evaluate this against our research of ingredients and effectiveness for krill oil. KrillOilComparison.org sometimes receives free samples of the products for review at the request of the manufacturers and may be compensated for recommending certain products. The information published here is for educational purposes and is not intended or suitable to replace a personalized advice from a health care professional. The Statements on this website have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. No products mentioned on this website are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.







404 Not Found

Not Found
The requested URL /story-of-dr-z/ was not found on this server.
Additionally, a 404 Not Found
error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.

Apache/2.4.12 (Unix) OpenSSL/1.0.1e-fips mod_bwlimited/1.4 Server at krilloilcomparison.org Port 80









 Krill Oil Comparison























 
			Call Toll Free
			1-800-214-6908





Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us



 

 

What is the Best Krill Oil on the Market Today? Our Own Opinions and Reviews







We created this website to spread awareness of the benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids for a wide variety of health condition. Many of you have heard of fish oil and its miraculous health benefits, but you may not be aware that there is a superior Omega-3 source which is found in krill oil. Krill are small crustaceans that live at the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean which makes them a much cleaner source of essential fatty acids as they do no accumulate toxins over their short life span as fish do. Krill oil is also stored in phospholipid form which makes it a lot more absorbable in the human body, providing more value and better health results. Krill oil has been shown to be effective for improving cardiovascular health, reducing cholesterol, eliminating pain from inflammation and arthritis as well as improving memory and increasing overall energy.
Both of us are nutritional practitioners who experienced our own health struggles and found natural approaches through which we were able to restore our health and change our lives We have researched the industry’s top krill oil products and wish to share our findings with you so that you too can be informed as to what to look for in a quality krill oil supplement.
Thanks,
Pat & Sue




Krill Oil Comparison








Viva Naturals Krill Oil
Mercola
Advanta

 


100% Pure (No Fillers)




Contains 1,250 mg of Krill Oil




Contains 300 mg of Omega-3s




Contains 500 mg of Phospholipids




Contains 1.6 mg of Astaxanthin




Independently Tested




EPA(Eicosapentaenoic Acid)
165 mg
100 mg


DHA(Docosahexaenoic Acid)
95 mg
55 mg


Money Back Guarantee




GMP Manufacturing


Unknown

 


 
Read Review
Visit Official Site
Read Review
Read Review

 







Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

© Copyright  Krill Oil Comparison - All rights reserved.
Krill Oil product reviews on KrillOilComparison.org are based on our research staff's opinion and verifiable customer's feedback of the products. When possible, we seek the manufacturers breakdown of blends in order to determine extracts strength and therapeutic dosages. We evaluate this against our research of ingredients and effectiveness for krill oil. KrillOilComparison.org sometimes receives free samples of the products for review at the request of the manufacturers and may be compensated for recommending certain products. The information published here is for educational purposes and is not intended or suitable to replace a personalized advice from a health care professional. The Statements on this website have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. No products mentioned on this website are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.














 Krill Oil Comparison























 
			Call Toll Free
			1-800-214-6908





Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us



 

 

What is the Best Krill Oil on the Market Today? Our Own Opinions and Reviews







We created this website to spread awareness of the benefits of Omega-3 fatty acids for a wide variety of health condition. Many of you have heard of fish oil and its miraculous health benefits, but you may not be aware that there is a superior Omega-3 source which is found in krill oil. Krill are small crustaceans that live at the bottom of the Antarctic Ocean which makes them a much cleaner source of essential fatty acids as they do no accumulate toxins over their short life span as fish do. Krill oil is also stored in phospholipid form which makes it a lot more absorbable in the human body, providing more value and better health results. Krill oil has been shown to be effective for improving cardiovascular health, reducing cholesterol, eliminating pain from inflammation and arthritis as well as improving memory and increasing overall energy.
Both of us are nutritional practitioners who experienced our own health struggles and found natural approaches through which we were able to restore our health and change our lives We have researched the industry’s top krill oil products and wish to share our findings with you so that you too can be informed as to what to look for in a quality krill oil supplement.
Thanks,
Pat & Sue




Krill Oil Comparison








Viva Naturals Krill Oil
Mercola
Advanta

 


100% Pure (No Fillers)




Contains 1,250 mg of Krill Oil




Contains 300 mg of Omega-3s




Contains 500 mg of Phospholipids




Contains 1.6 mg of Astaxanthin




Independently Tested




EPA(Eicosapentaenoic Acid)
165 mg
100 mg


DHA(Docosahexaenoic Acid)
95 mg
55 mg


Money Back Guarantee




GMP Manufacturing


Unknown

 


 
Read Review
Visit Official Site
Read Review
Read Review

 







Home
Story of Pat & Sue
Contact Us
Privacy Policy

© Copyright  Krill Oil Comparison - All rights reserved.
Krill Oil product reviews on KrillOilComparison.org are based on our research staff's opinion and verifiable customer's feedback of the products. When possible, we seek the manufacturers breakdown of blends in order to determine extracts strength and therapeutic dosages. We evaluate this against our research of ingredients and effectiveness for krill oil. KrillOilComparison.org sometimes receives free samples of the products for review at the request of the manufacturers and may be compensated for recommending certain products. The information published here is for educational purposes and is not intended or suitable to replace a personalized advice from a health care professional. The Statements on this website have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. No products mentioned on this website are intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














katherine lawther krill - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Catherines - Plus Sizes - Shop $9.99 Styles & Up



Ad
 ·
catherines.com



It's Your Last Chance For These Hot Summer Deals!





Unlock Our Private Offers



Fresh Summer Tops




New Summer Arrivals



Cool & Casual Capris





Know Which Krill Oil is Best - 100% Pure Krill Oil 1,250 mg.



Ad
 ·
krilloilcomparison.org



Reviews by an Nutritional Practitioners. In-Depth Krill Oil comparisons.





Krill Oil Comparisons



Viva Naturals Krill Oil




Doctor Recommendation



1,250mg of Krill Oil





Search Katherine Krill - Looking for Katherine Krill?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Katherine Krill? All You Need is a Name and State.




Katherine at Amazon - Low Prices on Katherine.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Katherine



Low Prices on Katherine. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.















Kay Krill




Katherine “Kay” Krill is the President and Chief Executive Officer of ANN INC. a wholly owned subsidiary of Ascena Retail Group. ANN INC. comprises several leading women’s

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Kay Krill | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/author/kay-krill


Kay Krill is president and CEO of ANN INC., the parent company of the iconic Ann Taylor and LOFT brands. As CEO, Kay is passionate about leading a profitable and best ...


My Portfolios - Finance Portfolio

portfolios.aol.com/?IID=6170


My Portfolios - Finance Portfolio ... Loading










Catherines - Plus Sizes - Shop $9.99 Styles & Up



Ad
 ·
catherines.com



It's Your Last Chance For These Hot Summer Deals!





Unlock Our Private Offers



Fresh Summer Tops




New Summer Arrivals



Cool & Casual Capris





Know Which Krill Oil is Best - 100% Pure Krill Oil 1,250 mg.



Ad
 ·
krilloilcomparison.org



Reviews by an Nutritional Practitioners. In-Depth Krill Oil comparisons.





Krill Oil Comparisons



Viva Naturals Krill Oil




Doctor Recommendation



1,250mg of Krill Oil





Search Katherine Krill - Looking for Katherine Krill?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Katherine Krill? All You Need is a Name and State.




Katherine at Amazon - Low Prices on Katherine.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Katherine



Low Prices on Katherine. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.



Searches related tokatherine lawther krill



kay krill biography


ann inc ceo



katherine krill ann inc


is kay krill married






Related Searches



kay krill biography


ann inc ceo


katherine krill ann inc


is kay krill married




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














katherine lawther krill - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Catherines - Plus Sizes - Shop $9.99 Styles & Up



Ad
 ·
catherines.com



It's Your Last Chance For These Hot Summer Deals!


34764 Warren Rd, Westland · 


Directions

 · (734) 452-0383





Unlock Our Private Offers



Fresh Summer Tops




New Summer Arrivals



Cool & Casual Capris





Know Which Krill Oil is Best - 100% Pure Krill Oil 1,250 mg.



Ad
 ·
krilloilcomparison.org



Reviews by an Nutritional Practitioners. In-Depth Krill Oil comparisons.


krilloilcomparison.org is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(503 reviews)





Krill Oil Comparisons



Viva Naturals Krill Oil




Doctor Recommendation



1,250mg of Krill Oil





Anyone's History - Anyone's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Anyone's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.




Searches related tokatherine lawther krill



kay krill biography


ann inc ceo



katherine krill ann inc


is kay krill married




Web Results

Katherine Lawther Krill: Executive Profile & Biography ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Ms. Katherine Lawther Krill, also known as Kay, served as the Chief Executive Officer of ANN INC. (formerly, AnnTaylor Stores Corp) since October 2005 and ...


Katherine Lawther Krill - Mid-Market Rankings

www.midmarketrankings.com/executive/Katherine-Lawther-Krill


Ms. Katherine Lawther Krill, also known as Kay, has been the Chief Executive Officer of ANN INC. (formerly, AnnTaylor Stores Corp) since October 2005 and has been its ...


Katherine Lawther Krill - FindTheCompany

executives.findthecompany.com/l/2011/Katherine-Lawther-Krill


Find compensation and employment information for Katherine Lawther Krill (Ann), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Krill Katherine Lawther - Ann Inc Insider Transactions ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/krill-katherine-lawther


Krill Katherine Lawther, President & CEO, Director at Ann Inc (ANN), has a 10.0% success rate when buying and selling stocks.


Katherine Lawther Krill - Stamford, CT | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Katherine-Krill/Stamford-CT/0G9VB2...


Get full contact details for Katherine Lawther Krill in Stamford, CT instantly. We found 9 addresses, 3 phone numbers, and 2 relatives and/or associates connected ...


ASNA Katherine Lawther Krill Insider Trades for Ascena ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/ASNA/insiders?pid=77781313


Ms. Katherine L. Krill is on the Board of Directors at Ascena Retail Group, Inc., National Retail Federation, St. Luke'S School and The Breast Cancer Research ...


President & CEO of Ann Inc Krill Katherine Lawther sold ...

www.nasdaq.com/...of-ann-inc-krill-katherine-lawther-sold-491767...


AnnTaylor Inc., formerly known as Ann Stores Corporation, operates as a national retailer of upscale women's clothing. Ann Inc has a market cap of.


Katherine Lawther Krill - Biography - 4-Traders

www.4-traders.com/business-leaders/Katherine-Krill-06F27Y-E/biography


Ms. Katherine L. Krill is on the Board of Directors at Ascena Retail Group, Inc., National Retail Federation, St. Luke'S School and The Breast Cancer Research Foundation.


Employment Agreement - AnnTaylor Stores Corp. and ...

corporate.findlaw.com/contracts/compensation/...and-katherine.html


Employment Agreement - AnnTaylor Stores Corp. and Katherine Lawther Krill: Learn more about this contract and other key contractual terms and issues by viewing the ...


ANN (ANN) Katherine Lawther Krill on Q4 2014 Results ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/2999806-ann-ann-katherine-lawther...


ANN, Inc. (NYSE:ANN)Q4 2014 Earnings CallMarch 13, 2015 8:30 am ETExecutivesJudith Pirro Lord - Vice President-Investor RelationsKatherine Lawther Krill - Presi










Catherines - Plus Sizes - Shop $9.99 Styles & Up



Ad
 ·
catherines.com



It's Your Last Chance For These Hot Summer Deals!


34764 Warren Rd, Westland · 


Directions

 · (734) 452-0383





Unlock Our Private Offers



Fresh Summer Tops




New Summer Arrivals



Cool & Casual Capris





Know Which Krill Oil is Best - 100% Pure Krill Oil 1,250 mg.



Ad
 ·
krilloilcomparison.org



Reviews by an Nutritional Practitioners. In-Depth Krill Oil comparisons.


krilloilcomparison.org is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(503 reviews)





Krill Oil Comparisons



Viva Naturals Krill Oil




Doctor Recommendation



1,250mg of Krill Oil





Anyone's History - Anyone's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Anyone's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.



Searches related tokatherine lawther krill



kay krill biography


ann inc ceo



katherine krill ann inc


is kay krill married




12345Next






Answers







Kay Krill



Katherine “Kay” Krill is the President and Chief Executive Officer of ANN INC. a wholly owned subsidiary of Ascena Retail Group. ANN INC. comprises...

more






I Always Feel Like Somebody's Watchin' Me



and Dr. Izzie Stevens (Katherine Heigl) returning to work full-time, too quickly after her surgery. Although the episode was fictionally set in...

more






Tainted Obligation



Hunt (Kevin McKidd) attempting to perform surgery on a terminal patient with Dr. Izzie Stevens (Katherine Heigl). Although the episode was fictionally...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































