










 





LBC Credit Partners















Employee Login
Investor Login
















ABOUT LBC
LENDING PROFILE

LBC Printable Profile (PDF)


TEAM
REPRESENTATIVE TRANSACTIONS
NEWSROOM
CONTACT US
INVESTOR RELATIONS




LBC Credit Partners is a leading provider of middle market financing solutions including senior term, unitranche, second lien, junior secured, and mezzanine debt; and equity co-investments to companies with EBITDA generally greater than $5 million. We have over $2.6 billion of capital commitments.
LBC is committed to a long-term approach to debt investing that is  driven by a "lend and hold strategy". Typically, we invest $10 million to $50 million per transaction to support buyouts, acquisitions, growth  strategies, recapitalizations, refinancing, and restructurings for sponsored and non-sponsored transactions. We have made investments in a wide range of industries located throughout North America.
The LBC team is commonly referred to as a "trusted  advisor" by financial sponsors, lending institutions, management teams and  intermediaries.
Learn more...




© July 2017 LBC Credit Partners All Rights Reserved  |  LBC Printable Profile (PDF)  |  Sitemap  |  info@lbccredit.com











Team - LBC Credit Partners
















Employee Login
Investor Login
































ABOUT LBC
LENDING PROFILE

LBC Printable Profile (PDF)


TEAM
REPRESENTATIVE TRANSACTIONS
NEWSROOM
CONTACT US
INVESTOR RELATIONS



Team
LBC Credit Partners is a team of leading industry veterans who possess an average of 20 years experience in principal investing, corporate restructuring, corporate finance and business operations. Due to our diverse backgrounds and substantial expertise, our team is able to quickly evaluate and decisively structure a wide range of transaction types from buyouts to restructurings. LBC team members are commonly referred to as "trusted advisors" by clients and the financial community.

Partners


John Brignola


Chris Calabrese


Homyar Choksi


Nate Cohen


Ira Lubert



Senior Managing Directors


Allan Allweiss


David Fraimow, Esq.



Managing Directors


John Capperella


John Jadach


Stephen Krawchuk, CPA


Ryan Rassin, CPA



Directors


Matthew Alles



Vice Presidents


Joe Elsabee


Michael Hertz


Jonathan Schor


Andrew Thornton






Associates


Jonathan Adler


Nicholas Campbell


Rocco Christino, CFA


Brian Einfeldt


William James


Manu Rao


Michael Zarrella



Analysts


Maura Jones 


Rachel-Paige Mumenthaler



Investor Relations


Nevin Murkley



Finance & Accounting


Mike Baptiste


Kevin Doogan, CPA


Paul Kuehn, CPA


Kari Shumaker


Adam Slager


Bryan Smith



Executive Assistant


Stacy Marrero



Administrative Assistant


Elyse Purdy











© July 2017 LBC Credit Partners All Rights Reserved  |  LBC Printable Profile (PDF)  |  Sitemap  |  info@lbccredit.com


 











LBC-A Credit Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Brignola  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









LBC-A Credit Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    103 Foulk Road, Suite 213  
    Wilmington, DE, 19803Phone: 302-613-2994 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-15


New


$100,000,000


$100,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John J. Brignola 
 Executive 


 Christopher J. Calabrese 
 Executive 


 Nathaniel R. Cohen 
 Executive 


 Funding, L.P. Lbc A Credit 
 Executive 


 Gp, Llc Lbc A Credit Funding 
 Executive 














Team - LBC Credit Partners















Employee Login
Investor Login















		14	



ABOUT LBC
LENDING PROFILE

LBC Printable Profile (PDF)


TEAM



REPRESENTATIVE TRANSACTIONS
NEWSROOM
CONTACT US
INVESTOR RELATIONS









				Ira Lubert · Partner			

				215.972.2202
ilubert@lbccredit.com


Ira Lubert is a founding Partner of LBC Credit Partners, which, together with Lubert-Adler Real Estate, LLR Partners, Inc., Quaker Partners, LEM Mezzanine, Inc., and Patriot Financial Partners, L.P. constitute Independence Capital Partners, a family of private equity and real estate funds, all of which he co-founded. He has over 35 years of experience in the real estate and private equity sectors.
Previous Experience

Principal and founder of TL Ventures, within the family of Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (NYSE: SFE), an early-stage venture fund.


Founder of Radnor Venture Partners, L.P., the first venture fund managed by Safeguard Scientifics.


Chairman of the Board and President of CompuCom Systems, a microcomputer reseller with $2 billion in annual revenues.


IBM Sales Executive and President of IBM's prestigious "100% Club."


Current Board Positions

Board of Trustees, The National Constitution Center


Board of Trustees, The Franklin Institute


Active in recruiting volunteers for The United Way Tocqueville Society 


Past Board Positions

Board of Trustees, The Pennsylvania State University  


Board of Trustees, Thomas Jefferson University


Board of Directors, The Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT)


Board of Trustees, The Wistar Institute


Board of Directors, Prince Music Theatre


Chairman, United Way Campaign of Philadelphia


Education

Pennsylvania State University, Bachelor of Science










© July 2017 LBC Credit Partners All Rights Reserved  |  LBC Printable Profile (PDF)  |  Sitemap  |  info@lbccredit.com









	LBC Credit Partners Closes Third Fund at $839MM - News | ABL Advisor










































                         
                    





FREE MEMBERSHIP Includes 
                                                »
                                        ABL Advisor
                                        eNews + iData Blasts | 
                                            JOIN NOW 





LOGIN






About |
FAQ 
                                            | Contact






                         
                    










                            Serving Asset-Based Lending Decision Makers
                        






















Articles
News 
Blogs
Press Releases












































Home
Sector/Economic Data
Deal Tables 
Directory
Events Calendar
Advertise
Subscribe























































Home / News / Read News

















                    Tweet














Email
                    



 Print 








                Recipient's Email Address(es)
            




                (Separate multiple addresses with a comma)
            



                Your Email Address
            




Send a copy to myself 




                Your Message (optional)
            




Hi, I thought you would be interested in this article from ABL Advisor.










LBC Credit Partners Closes Third Fund at $839MM



May 30, 2014, 07:44 AM

                    Filed Under: Industry News




                    Related: John Brignola, LBC Credit Partners, Middle Market, Unitranche









LBC Credit Partners ("LBC”) announced the closing of LBC Credit Partners III, L.P. (“LBC III”) fund, with $839 million of equity capital commitments. This exceeded both its target of $650 million and its initial hard cap of $800 million.  The new fund will continue LBC’s strategy of originating, executing, and managing a diversified portfolio of direct loans and investments in U.S. middle market companies across a broad range of industry sectors. LBC was supported by its existing investor base and secured additional support from several new institutional partners. “We are pleased to complete fundraising initiatives and are appreciative of the strong support we received from the investor community,” said John Brignola, managing partner of LBC. “The successful fund raise validates our investment strategy that we have been executing over the last nine years."The new fund brings LBC’s total capital commitments to over $1.75 billion and follows the firm’s LBC Credit Partners II, L.P., a $642 million fund, which closed in 2010; and a $300 million inaugural fund which closed in 2006. Over the course of LBC Credit Partners II, LBC celebrated its 100th relationship; more than doubled its staff of investment and operations professionals; and invested over $2 billion in support of acquisitions, growth strategies, refinancings, recapitalizations and restructurings by U.S. middle market companies and their sponsors.“Our pool of capital and experienced team of investment professionals allows us to deliver creative financing solutions with speed and certainty of execution. With a long-term, lend and hold strategy, we offer the financial stability that middle-market companies and their sponsors require,” added Brignola.LBC Credit Partners is a leading provider of middle-market financing solutions including senior term, unitranche, second lien, junior secured and mezzanine debt and equity co-investments supporting sponsored and non-sponsored transactions. LBC has made investments in companies located throughout North America across a wide range of industries and is committed to a long-term approach to debt investing. Headquartered in Philadelphia, LBC has additional offices in Chicago and Greenwich. 



Today's Other News






                            Citizens Bank Taps Citigroup MD as New Head of Healthcare Banking
                        






                            JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs Support Michael Kors Takeover of Jimmy Choo 
                        






                            Wells Fargo Names Head of Business Banking for New Ohio & Western PA Region 
                        










Most Popular






1
  Mitsubishi UFJ Poised for Aggressive U.S. Lending Push; ABL Market on the Radar


                    July 12, 2017, 08:00 AM
                
Filed Under:  Company Announcements










2
 K1 Sells Chiropractic Software Industry Leader ChiroTouch


                    July 18, 2017, 07:17 AM
                
Filed Under:  Healthcare










3
 CIT, Allstate Form CIT Northbridge Credit With Eyes on Middle Market 


                    July 11, 2017, 07:40 AM
                
Filed Under:  New Venture










4
 PNC to Expand Middle Market Banking Business to Three New Cities 


                    July 14, 2017, 08:00 AM
                
Filed Under:  Corporate Earnings










5
 William Blair Expands Biopharmaceuticals Investment Banking Coverage


                    July 21, 2017, 07:22 AM
                
Filed Under:  Personnel Announcements









View All Most Popular News Stories ››





Week's News







                            Citizens Bank Taps Citigroup MD as New Head of Healthcare Banking
                        







                            JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs Support Michael Kors Takeover of Jimmy Choo 
                        







                            Wells Fargo Names Head of Business Banking for New Ohio & Western PA Region 
                        







                            BofA Agents $750MM Credit Facility for Sonoco Products Co.
                        







                            Capital One Closes $45MM Senior Credit Facility for Black Mountain 
                        







                            Report: U.S. Companies Hoarded More Cash in 2016, Spent Less
                        







                            Sears Canada Begins Liquidation Sales At 54 Locations  
                        







                            Lending Syndicate Doubles Down on Revolver for Global Mining Concern
                        







                            BMO Harris, JPMorgan Chase, WFCF Provide $292MM ABL Facility to Roadrunner Transportation Systems
                        







                            United Community Banks Launches Renewable Energy Lending Practice 
                        







Comments From Our Members





    You must be an ABL Advisor member to post comments.
    Login or Join Now.
    































Sector/Economic Data


U.S. Census Bureau – U.S. Department of Commerce



                    Advance Monthly Sales for Retail and Food Services – June 2017
                


U.S. Census Bureau – U.S. Department of Commerce



                    Manufacturing and Trade Inventories and Sales - May 2017
                


view all sector/economic data



Featured Articles


Special Assets: No Longer the Last Stop


                Super G’s Charlie Perer, on why transferring assets rather than...
            

                by Charlie Perer
            

Specialty Finance: Examining Fintechs’ New Approach to Growth


                Monroe Capital’s Aaron Peck highlights how the growth model is...
            

                by Aaron Peck
            


Most Popular | All Articles




















Industry Resources






















Commercial Finance Association



Turnaround ManagementAssociation 


International Factoring Association


Equipment Finance Advisor




















                                    Site Map
Home 
                                    News Articles
Blogs 
                                    Industry Directory 
                                        Industry Data Events
                                            Calendar Deal Tables



                                    ABL Advisor
                                
About The Advisor
FAQ 
                                    Contact Author
                                        Directory Extended Site
                                            Map Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Glossary of Terms



                                    Advisor Members
Manage Profile Advisor Professional Network
Subscribe FREE



                                    Industry Directory
Industry Directory
Get
                                    Your Company Listed Submit
                                        Company News



                                    Advertise
Advertising
                                    Platforms 
                                        Web Site Advertising 
                                            eBlast News Broadcast 
                                                iData Blast Advertising 
                                                    Advertising Specifications

















                                        Copyright © 2012-2017
                                        Equipment Finance Advisor, Inc. All rights reserved. The material on this site may
                                        not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used without written
                                        consent from ABL Advisor, Incorporated.
                                        
                                        ABL Advisor: 975 Mill Road, Suite G, Bryn Mawr, PA 19010 | tel 484.380.3215 | fax
                                        484.636.2508
                                    








































 











Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 LBC Credit Partners Closes Third Fund at $839 Million 
         










    










 






 











 









LBC Credit Partners Closes Third Fund at $839 Million

May 29, 2014, 09:30 ET
		  		  							
						 from   LBC Credit Partners 











 
















































 

 




















 


PHILADELPHIA, May 29, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- LBC Credit Partners ("LBC") announced the closing of LBC Credit Partners III, L.P. ("LBC III") fund, with $839 million of equity capital commitments. This exceeded both its target of $650 million and its initial hard cap of $800 million.  The new fund will continue LBC's strategy of originating, executing, and managing a diversified portfolio of direct loans and investments in U.S. middle market companies across a broad range of industry sectors. 
LBC was supported by its existing investor base and secured additional support from several new institutional partners. 
"We are pleased to complete fundraising initiatives and are appreciative of the strong support we received from the investor community," said John Brignola, Managing Partner of LBC. "The successful fund raise validates our investment strategy that we have been executing over the last 9 years."
The new fund brings LBC's total capital commitments to over $1.75 billion and follows the firm's LBC Credit Partners II, L.P., a $642 million fund, which closed in 2010; and a $300 million inaugural fund which closed in 2006. Over the course of LBC Credit Partners II, LBC celebrated its 100th relationship; more than doubled its staff of investment and operations professionals; and invested over $2 billion in support of acquisitions, growth strategies, refinancings, recapitalizations and restructurings by U.S. middle market companies and their sponsors.
"Our pool of capital and experienced team of investment professionals allows us to deliver creative financing solutions with speed and certainty of execution. With a long-term, lend and hold strategy, we offer the financial stability that middle market companies and their sponsors require," added Brignola.
About LBC Credit Partners
LBC Credit Partners is a leading provider of middle market financing solutions including senior term, unitranche, second lien, junior secured and mezzanine debt and equity co-investments supporting sponsored and non-sponsored transactions. LBC has made investments in companies located throughout North America across a wide range of industries and is committed to a long-term approach to debt investing. Headquartered in Philadelphia, LBC has additional offices in Chicago and Greenwich.  
To learn more about LBC Credit Partners, visit www.lbccredit.com. 
Information as of May, 2014.
MEDIA CONTACT:   Linda McDonough  Phone: (610) 631-5702  lmcdonough@50wordsmarketing.com 
 SOURCE  LBC Credit Partners  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.lbccredit.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 11, 2014, 09:30 ET
Preview: LBC Credit Partners Provides Senior Secured Term Loan To Support The Recapitalization Of Cosmetic Essence













May 06, 2014, 09:30 ET
Preview: LBC Credit Partners Provides A Second Lien Term Loan To Support Diversified Maintenance Systems Acquisition Of Rite Way Service






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 09, 2017, 09:30 ET
LBC Credit Partners Provides Senior Secured Term Loan to Support...








May 09, 2017, 09:30 ET
LBC Credit Partners Provides Senior Secured Credit Facility to...








May 09, 2017, 09:30 ET
LBC Credit Partners Provides Senior Secured Credit Facilities to...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 