







Lee Ann Marie Productions, Inc. home















 LEE ANN MARIE PRODUCTIONS, INC.   home CREATIVE DIRECTION, STYLING and MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS for all industries, markets and media   “Just a brief note to thank you once again  for doing such a superb job on the product launch. It was by far the most outstanding performance of the entire event, and not only was HELENE CURTIS impressed but the 2,000 Sally employees  attending the event  were equally so.  You presented our  products in a  very professional,  exciting  and  creative light both through video and live performances. The Sally Beauty Supply employees have to sit through more than 50 different presentations all focused  on a huge array of different products and promotions. It becomes very hard to actually interest them in such a way that they become excited about our products. Your presentation, however, did just that. I received nothing but positive feedback from much of our audience, ncluding the president of Sally Beauty Company.  "To say you are an extremely accommodating production company is an  understatement.  It  was  a  real  pleasure  to  work with  you.  HELENE CURTIS looks forward to doing many more shows with you and I can think of no other production company that is as creative or easy to work with than Lee Ann Marie Productions, Inc.".  Lisa Coughlin HELENE CURTIS, INC.   "Just  wanted  to  personally  thank  you for  the great work that you did, (once again)  for  the  President’s  meeting  on  behalf of AGE Beautiful. We received nothing but compliments!!  The space looked amazing andthe event really couldn’t have gone any better! I truly enjoy working with you and hope to continue the streak next year"!!Maureen O'Hora Sr. Marketing Manager ZOTOS PROFESSIONAL bio & live presentation clips  hair & fashion show  productions  fashion show fundraiser 1  fund raiser 2  special events  photography services                                    To contact Lee Ann Marie                              312.671.1966                                       or ​     product launches   runway shows   commercialss   tradeshows   print​   web videos      special events   info-commercials

Website Designed at Homestead Get a Website and List Your Business

















bio 










 LEE ANN MARIE Bio, Hosting Demo and Product Launch Video Demo​   Product Launches  Hair & Fashion Show Productions  Fund Raiser 1  Fund Raiser 2  Special Events  Photography  HomeIt was that opportunity that opened her mind and heart to her new found passion for producing. She realized that her 20 years of experience as a performer, her keen eye for detail and her knowledge in marketing gave her the unique combination that produces the successful results that clients are looking for. Lee Ann also extends a dedicated and easy to work with spirit. It’s with this attitude, that she believes that there’s no limit to what she can professionallyoffer her clients to create attention-getting vidoes and shows that inform, intrigue and are indicative of her clients' product & message.  What clients have said about Lee Ann Marie  Productions: “Just a brief note to thank you once again for doing such a superb job on the product launch. It was by far the most outstanding performance of the entire event, and not only was HELENE CURTIS impressed but the 2,000 Sally employees attending the event were equally so. You presented our products in a very professional, exciting and creative light both through video and live performances.  The Sally Beauty Supply employees have to sit through more than 50 different presentations all focused  on a huge array of different products and promotions. It becomes very hard to actually interest them in such a way that they become excited about our products. Your presentation, however, did just that. I received nothing but positive feedback from much of our audience, including the president of Sally Beauty  Company.    To say you are an extremely accommodating production company is an HELENE CURTIS looks forward to doing many more shows with you and  creative or easy to work with than Lee Ann Marie Productions, Inc.".            “I can't tell you how excited we are at the success of our DETAILS event.  account of your dynamic and professional attitude. The show you produceunique DETAILS fashion story on the runway, but presented it with music, entertaining. Again, thanks for all your hard work and efforts. I look  forwar “On behalf of Mayor Richard M. Daley, I would like to thank you for Millennium Celebration, by your company’s show during International Your spirited production entertained thousands of travelers passing positive response. We look forward to working with you on future progra  “I would like to personally thank you, your assistant and your entire Production Company for again producing our Fashion Show last week. I heard many comments after the show about what a great job you do in selecting just the right clothes for the models. As I mentioned to you, the show you do for Easter Seals is so much more spectacular  than any other fashion show fundraiser. We hope you and your production company will remain committed to us. I have enjoyed working with you and look forward to a continuing relationship with you”.                                                                        Marjorie Springer EASTER SEALS    "The show manager of the International Beauty Show called me to tell me how he, and many other people, raved about our performance. This is not an uncommon occurrence. Many people have asked who produced our show, and of course I send them in your direction. Your work and talent are top notch and I foresee a lot of business headed your way from Goldwell in the future. Thank you very much"!                                                                               Michael Ceglia GOLDWELL  “On behalf of the “Children’s Y Committee” I want to thank you for a spectacular performance on coordinating the fashion show and emceeing it that evening. Because of your expertise, passion and professionalism, it was a huge success. Thank you again from the “Y Committee Members” and a special thank you from the “Fashion Show Committee”                       CHILDREN’S Y FUND RAISER Rich Port YMCA  "What can I say! I am just overwhelmed with the creativity and style that you projected into the show, not to mention your professionalism. As if all of that isn’t enough, you created a show that awards us first place with top honors at the 2nd Annual Hair Wars Competition. Not just one year, but two years in a row. Once again Lee Ann, I would like to extend a great big thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work and efforts. I am truly looking forward to working with you again on our future projects".                                                   Thomas West THOMAS WEST HAIR GROUP    LEE ANN MARIE incorporated in 1994 and was certified with the City of Chicago as a Women's Business Enterprise (WBE).  Since then she has been producing live and video product launches as well as fashion show productions. Some of her   corporate clients include: Graham Webb, Helene Curtis, Zotos International, Goldwell, Enesco, Sally Beauty Supply,    Motorola, Bon Ton and DETAILS. Some organizations that Lee Ann has produced fashion show fundraisers for include:      Easter Seals, Susan G. Komen and Children's Y. Prior to starting her production company, Lee Ann was no stranger    to the stage as she had a long and successful career as a professional dancer, petite model and spokesperson. She  danced in productions across the country with such stars as David Copperfield, Tony Randall, Rita Morino, Joe Namath   and Soupie Sales. Lee Ann is a member of Screen Actors Guild, Actors Equity Association and the American Federal  Television and Radio Association. She has numerous musical theatre credits including the Chicago Goodman Theatre's   production of Pal Joey choreographed by Ann Reinking. Her movie credits include dance roles in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"   and "The Babe". In the late 80’s, Lee Ann co-starred and danced in the number one MTV video "I Can't Hold Back" with   the group Survivor and the "Night Out With The Boy's" video with artist, Linda Clifford. As a Chicago native, Lee Ann had   the pleasure of being a cheerleader for The Chicago Bulls and the Chicago Bears Football Teams.    As a narrator and spokesperson with appearances in both videos and live presentations, Lee Ann has represented    hundreds of companies and products at nearly one thousand tradeshows both nationally and internationally. She assists   her clients with all aspects of their show experience including exhibit conceptual design, development and integration.   As a petite model, Lee Ann appeared in print ads for various products, work out equipment, apparel and furniture manufact-   urers. She has appeared on runways for Neiman Marcus, Marshall Fields, Carson Pirie Scott and Nordstrom's as well as    runway appearance's on "Oprah". Some of Lee Ann's commercial credits include spot's for: Chevrolet, Michelob Lite, WCLR   and WFYR.     Throughout Lee Ann's on-camera career, she made appearances on the QVC Shopping Channel as   the spokesperson for a worldwide launch of a hair-care appliance. A segment from one of Lee Ann’s presentations has been   used in a QVC training video that is sent out to new guests and vendors as "an example of an excellent sell".    It was in 1993 that a major career turn came for Lee Ann when a well know clothing manufacturer that she had modeled for     many years offered her a contract to produce their fashion shows. Lee Ann declined their offer explaining that her passion     was only onstage. The company continued to pursue Lee Ann and eventually their persistence lead her to accept.                                 To contact     Lee Ann Marie                             312.671.1966                                      or It was that opportunity that opened her mind and heart to her new found passion of producing. She realized that her 20 years of experience as a performer, her keen eye for detail and her knowledge in marketing gave her the unique combination that produces the successful results that clients are looking for. Lee Ann also extends a dedicated and easy to work with spirit. It’s with this attitude, that she believes that there’s no limit to what she can artistically and professionally offer to create attention-getting shows that inform and intrigue and are indicative of her clients'  product and message. WHAT CLIENTS ARE SAYING:"Your educational and entertaining video and live production for our  Salon Basics sunflower shampoo and conditioner product launch created the excitement and imagethat we were looking to project. Thank you for an outstanding job".                            Lisa Huber ZOTOS INTERNATIONAL“Your professional manner, excellent appearance and accomplished narrative were just what we needed to introduce our dynamic new Tomographic System, the PMT  6000. We were very pleased with your work both in your live presentation and in your on-camera presentation for our sales video”.  Dennis M. Bleser TREX  CONTINENTAL X-RAY“You could not of presented us better. You were in my estimation the CLASS OF THE SHOW. Not only are you beautiful, but, warm, charming and a hard worker”.                 J. P. Lehnertz ARMOR ALL               “Your product narration was outstanding and was enjoyed by everyone. We look forward to continued business with you.”                                                                                Joe Scriff MITUTOYO    "I can't tell you how excited we are at the success of our DETAILS event. And indeed this success is, in great part, on account of yourdynamic and professional attitude. The show you produced was so "right on".Not only did you capture the unique DETAILS fashion story on the runway, but presented it with music, choreography  and staging that was fresh and entertaining. Again, thanks for all your hard work and efforts. I look forwarard to working with you in the near future".                                         Kevin M. Belden DETAILS magazine“On behalf of Mayor Richard M. Daley, I would like to thank you for participating in the City's Dance to the Dawn of the NewMillennium Celebration, by your company’s show during International Dance Around the World at O'Hare International  Airport. Your spirited production entertained thousands of travelers passing through O'Hare. The program received an overwhelminglypositive response. We look forward to working with you on future programs".                                                                      Thomas R. Walker CITY OF CHICAGO  “I would like to personally thank you, your assistant and your entire Production Company for again producing our Fashion Show last week. I heard many comments after the show about what a great job you do in selecting just the right clothes for the models. As I mentioned to you, the show you do for Easter Seals is so much more spectacular than any other fashion show fundraiser. We hope you and your production company will remain committed to us. I have enjoyed working with you and look forward to a continuing relationship with you”.                                                Marjorie Springer EASTER SEALS   "The show manager of the International Beauty Show called me to tell me how he, and many other people, raved about our performance. This is not an uncommon occurrence. Many people have asked who produced our show, and of course I send them in your direction. Your work and talent are top notch and I foresee a lot of business headed your way from Goldwell in the future. Thank you very much"!                                                     Michael Ceglia GOLDWELL “On behalf of the “Children’s Y Committee” I want to thank you for a spectacular performance on coordinating the fashion show and emceeing it that evening. Because of your expertise, passion and professionalism, it was a huge success. Thank you again from the “Y Committee Members” and a special thank you from the “Fashion Show Committee”.                                             CHILDREN’S Y FUND RAISER Rich Port YMCA"What can I say! I am just overwhelmed with the creativity and style that you projected into the show, not to mention your professionalism. As if all of that isn’t enough, you created a show that awards us first place with top honors at the 2nd Annual Hair Wars Competition. Not just one year, but two years in a row. Once again Lee Ann, I would like to extend a great big thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work and efforts. I am truly looking forward to working with you again on our future projects".                             Thomas West THOMAS WEST HAIR GROUP       

Website Designed at Homestead Get a Website and List Your Business



















fundraiser2









  LEE ANN MARIE PRODUCTIONS, INC.With over 20 years of experience, LEE ANN MARIE PRODUCTIONS creates memorable fashion showfund raisers that support each charity and organization's unique message. We consult with each client         on all aspects of the show to produce a high impact fashion event with successful results.                            Production Services Provided Include:                                                                                                                   Product Launches     Hair & Fashion Show Productions     Special Events     Fund Raiser 1     Photography     Bio     Home                             The Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation's Fashion Show Fund Raiser                                                 All models featured in this show are SurvivorsAlso featured, The Peoria Ballet Company"With grateful appreciation thank you again for producing the Komen Survivor Fashion Show. It was a huge success with lots of favorable comments!   You bring style and  flair to your pro-duction & we're all so pleased to be associated with you. The show grows  in numbers  each year  which cer tainly increases  awareness to the cause. Thank you again for  a wonderful job"!                    Linda Washkukn SUSAN G. KOMEN FOUNDATION        Fashion Show Fund Raiser 2THEME DEVELOPMENT & INTEGRATIONFASHION COORDINATING & STYLINGMODELS & TALENTCHOREOGRAPHYSCRIPT WRITINGMUSICAV & LIGHTINGCOMMENTATORSMARKETING MATERIAL DESIGNVENUE & STAGING COORDINATIONReady to wear coordinated from the Bon Ton Corporation's  Boston Store. Product Launches    Bio & Live Presentation Clips    Hair & Fashion Show Productions    Fashion Show Fund Raiser 1    Special Events    PhotographyServices    Home        To contact lee ann marie productions, inc.                                                   312.671.1966                                               or        
















hair










   LEE ANN MARIE PRODUCTIONS, INC.


    Product Launches   Bio & Live Presentation Clips   Fashion Show Fund Raiser 1   Fund Raiser 2   Special Events   Photography Services   Home











      Our meticulous focus on detail combined with our in-depth knowledge of the fashion and beauty industries     create productions that exceed expectations. From concept to completion every aspect will reflect your      company's image.  





Graham Webb International


   Soldier's of Fashion


Quantum Design Freedom Wave             


featuring desginer Sandy Neal


               Our success is based on a careful balance between the        creative process and sound marketing strategies. We        take immense pride in our abiliy to customize a show that        is unique and highly effective for your event. And our        company doesn't stop there as it is our speciality to make        your show into a larger than life production. As a         full-service production company, we have expertise in all        facets of pre/post-production work including:             


                            WARDROBE & COSTUME DESIGN  & STYLING,                         ARTISTIC DIRECTION  AND  CHOREOGRAPHY,                         MODEL AND TALENT  CONTRACTING,  MUSIC,                        SCRIPT WRITING,  STAGING,  LIGHTING, AUDIO                          AND VIDEO REINFORCEMENT, THEME DEVEL-                        OPMENT & INTEGRATION


             NAHA  Hair Stylist              Award Receipiant                Gregory Carlye














and Texturizing Product Introduction





Tribal "street wear" styling segment intoduction


  Hair & Fashion Show Productions


 To contact lee ann marie productions, inc.                        312.671.1966            



















Special Events
















    The event's excitement grew   in anticipation as Santa arrived                        via helicopter.     His landing launched a remarkable 








We created the magical Cirque du Santa Spectacular     to bring Santa to the CITY OF CHICAGO in a most whimsical        and imaginative way. Emcee'd by the Nation's most recognizable clown, BOZO.


    The choreographed production featured an array of   entertainers including Dancers, Singers, Jugglers Costume Characters and Stilt Walkers. 





                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             


 Product Launches  Bio & Live Presentation Clips   Hair & Fashion Show Productions   Fashion Show Fund Raiser 1   Fund Raiser 2   Photography Services   Homeervices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Special Events


  LEE ANN MARIE PRODUCTIONS, INC.


         All ushered in a children's fashion        show with clothing from Chicago's       top kid's boutiques. 





fireworks display synchronized to Christmas Classics


   To contact lee ann marie productions, inc.                       312.671.1966                              or        




















Photography Servicesp









LEE ANN MARIE PRODUCTIONS, INC.Product Launches    Bio & Live Presentation Clips    Hair & Fashion Show Productions    Fashion Show Fund Raiser 1     Fund Raiser 2      Special Events    HomePhotography ServicesWe provide guidance and direction in putting out the most marketable photos for you. Our Photography Services include:make-upmodel & talent consulting hairphotostylingheadshotscompositesfor kidsteensteens for   models on location   or in     the studioyour photos will be    that you       AREmodel & talent consultingwardrobe stylingheadshotsand actorsand adultsthat you  AREa true reflectionof the unique individual To contact lee ann marie productions, inc.                     312.671.1966                   
















bio 










 LEE ANN MARIE Bio, Hosting Demo and Product Launch Video Demo​   Product Launches  Hair & Fashion Show Productions  Fund Raiser 1  Fund Raiser 2  Special Events  Photography  HomeIt was that opportunity that opened her mind and heart to her new found passion for producing. She realized that her 20 years of experience as a performer, her keen eye for detail and her knowledge in marketing gave her the unique combination that produces the successful results that clients are looking for. Lee Ann also extends a dedicated and easy to work with spirit. It’s with this attitude, that she believes that there’s no limit to what she can professionallyoffer her clients to create attention-getting vidoes and shows that inform, intrigue and are indicative of her clients' product & message.  What clients have said about Lee Ann Marie  Productions: “Just a brief note to thank you once again for doing such a superb job on the product launch. It was by far the most outstanding performance of the entire event, and not only was HELENE CURTIS impressed but the 2,000 Sally employees attending the event were equally so. You presented our products in a very professional, exciting and creative light both through video and live performances.  The Sally Beauty Supply employees have to sit through more than 50 different presentations all focused  on a huge array of different products and promotions. It becomes very hard to actually interest them in such a way that they become excited about our products. Your presentation, however, did just that. I received nothing but positive feedback from much of our audience, including the president of Sally Beauty  Company.    To say you are an extremely accommodating production company is an HELENE CURTIS looks forward to doing many more shows with you and  creative or easy to work with than Lee Ann Marie Productions, Inc.".            “I can't tell you how excited we are at the success of our DETAILS event.  account of your dynamic and professional attitude. The show you produceunique DETAILS fashion story on the runway, but presented it with music, entertaining. Again, thanks for all your hard work and efforts. I look  forwar “On behalf of Mayor Richard M. Daley, I would like to thank you for Millennium Celebration, by your company’s show during International Your spirited production entertained thousands of travelers passing positive response. We look forward to working with you on future progra  “I would like to personally thank you, your assistant and your entire Production Company for again producing our Fashion Show last week. I heard many comments after the show about what a great job you do in selecting just the right clothes for the models. As I mentioned to you, the show you do for Easter Seals is so much more spectacular  than any other fashion show fundraiser. We hope you and your production company will remain committed to us. I have enjoyed working with you and look forward to a continuing relationship with you”.                                                                        Marjorie Springer EASTER SEALS    "The show manager of the International Beauty Show called me to tell me how he, and many other people, raved about our performance. This is not an uncommon occurrence. Many people have asked who produced our show, and of course I send them in your direction. Your work and talent are top notch and I foresee a lot of business headed your way from Goldwell in the future. Thank you very much"!                                                                               Michael Ceglia GOLDWELL  “On behalf of the “Children’s Y Committee” I want to thank you for a spectacular performance on coordinating the fashion show and emceeing it that evening. Because of your expertise, passion and professionalism, it was a huge success. Thank you again from the “Y Committee Members” and a special thank you from the “Fashion Show Committee”                       CHILDREN’S Y FUND RAISER Rich Port YMCA  "What can I say! I am just overwhelmed with the creativity and style that you projected into the show, not to mention your professionalism. As if all of that isn’t enough, you created a show that awards us first place with top honors at the 2nd Annual Hair Wars Competition. Not just one year, but two years in a row. Once again Lee Ann, I would like to extend a great big thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work and efforts. I am truly looking forward to working with you again on our future projects".                                                   Thomas West THOMAS WEST HAIR GROUP    LEE ANN MARIE incorporated in 1994 and was certified with the City of Chicago as a Women's Business Enterprise (WBE).  Since then she has been producing live and video product launches as well as fashion show productions. Some of her   corporate clients include: Graham Webb, Helene Curtis, Zotos International, Goldwell, Enesco, Sally Beauty Supply,    Motorola, Bon Ton and DETAILS. Some organizations that Lee Ann has produced fashion show fundraisers for include:      Easter Seals, Susan G. Komen and Children's Y. Prior to starting her production company, Lee Ann was no stranger    to the stage as she had a long and successful career as a professional dancer, petite model and spokesperson. She  danced in productions across the country with such stars as David Copperfield, Tony Randall, Rita Morino, Joe Namath   and Soupie Sales. Lee Ann is a member of Screen Actors Guild, Actors Equity Association and the American Federal  Television and Radio Association. She has numerous musical theatre credits including the Chicago Goodman Theatre's   production of Pal Joey choreographed by Ann Reinking. Her movie credits include dance roles in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"   and "The Babe". In the late 80’s, Lee Ann co-starred and danced in the number one MTV video "I Can't Hold Back" with   the group Survivor and the "Night Out With The Boy's" video with artist, Linda Clifford. As a Chicago native, Lee Ann had   the pleasure of being a cheerleader for The Chicago Bulls and the Chicago Bears Football Teams.    As a narrator and spokesperson with appearances in both videos and live presentations, Lee Ann has represented    hundreds of companies and products at nearly one thousand tradeshows both nationally and internationally. She assists   her clients with all aspects of their show experience including exhibit conceptual design, development and integration.   As a petite model, Lee Ann appeared in print ads for various products, work out equipment, apparel and furniture manufact-   urers. She has appeared on runways for Neiman Marcus, Marshall Fields, Carson Pirie Scott and Nordstrom's as well as    runway appearance's on "Oprah". Some of Lee Ann's commercial credits include spot's for: Chevrolet, Michelob Lite, WCLR   and WFYR.     Throughout Lee Ann's on-camera career, she made appearances on the QVC Shopping Channel as   the spokesperson for a worldwide launch of a hair-care appliance. A segment from one of Lee Ann’s presentations has been   used in a QVC training video that is sent out to new guests and vendors as "an example of an excellent sell".    It was in 1993 that a major career turn came for Lee Ann when a well know clothing manufacturer that she had modeled for     many years offered her a contract to produce their fashion shows. Lee Ann declined their offer explaining that her passion     was only onstage. The company continued to pursue Lee Ann and eventually their persistence lead her to accept.                                 To contact     Lee Ann Marie                             312.671.1966                                      or It was that opportunity that opened her mind and heart to her new found passion of producing. She realized that her 20 years of experience as a performer, her keen eye for detail and her knowledge in marketing gave her the unique combination that produces the successful results that clients are looking for. Lee Ann also extends a dedicated and easy to work with spirit. It’s with this attitude, that she believes that there’s no limit to what she can artistically and professionally offer to create attention-getting shows that inform and intrigue and are indicative of her clients'  product and message. WHAT CLIENTS ARE SAYING:"Your educational and entertaining video and live production for our  Salon Basics sunflower shampoo and conditioner product launch created the excitement and imagethat we were looking to project. Thank you for an outstanding job".                            Lisa Huber ZOTOS INTERNATIONAL“Your professional manner, excellent appearance and accomplished narrative were just what we needed to introduce our dynamic new Tomographic System, the PMT  6000. We were very pleased with your work both in your live presentation and in your on-camera presentation for our sales video”.  Dennis M. Bleser TREX  CONTINENTAL X-RAY“You could not of presented us better. You were in my estimation the CLASS OF THE SHOW. Not only are you beautiful, but, warm, charming and a hard worker”.                 J. P. Lehnertz ARMOR ALL               “Your product narration was outstanding and was enjoyed by everyone. We look forward to continued business with you.”                                                                                Joe Scriff MITUTOYO    "I can't tell you how excited we are at the success of our DETAILS event. And indeed this success is, in great part, on account of yourdynamic and professional attitude. The show you produced was so "right on".Not only did you capture the unique DETAILS fashion story on the runway, but presented it with music, choreography  and staging that was fresh and entertaining. Again, thanks for all your hard work and efforts. I look forwarard to working with you in the near future".                                         Kevin M. Belden DETAILS magazine“On behalf of Mayor Richard M. Daley, I would like to thank you for participating in the City's Dance to the Dawn of the NewMillennium Celebration, by your company’s show during International Dance Around the World at O'Hare International  Airport. Your spirited production entertained thousands of travelers passing through O'Hare. The program received an overwhelminglypositive response. We look forward to working with you on future programs".                                                                      Thomas R. Walker CITY OF CHICAGO  “I would like to personally thank you, your assistant and your entire Production Company for again producing our Fashion Show last week. I heard many comments after the show about what a great job you do in selecting just the right clothes for the models. As I mentioned to you, the show you do for Easter Seals is so much more spectacular than any other fashion show fundraiser. We hope you and your production company will remain committed to us. I have enjoyed working with you and look forward to a continuing relationship with you”.                                                Marjorie Springer EASTER SEALS   "The show manager of the International Beauty Show called me to tell me how he, and many other people, raved about our performance. This is not an uncommon occurrence. Many people have asked who produced our show, and of course I send them in your direction. Your work and talent are top notch and I foresee a lot of business headed your way from Goldwell in the future. Thank you very much"!                                                     Michael Ceglia GOLDWELL “On behalf of the “Children’s Y Committee” I want to thank you for a spectacular performance on coordinating the fashion show and emceeing it that evening. Because of your expertise, passion and professionalism, it was a huge success. Thank you again from the “Y Committee Members” and a special thank you from the “Fashion Show Committee”.                                             CHILDREN’S Y FUND RAISER Rich Port YMCA"What can I say! I am just overwhelmed with the creativity and style that you projected into the show, not to mention your professionalism. As if all of that isn’t enough, you created a show that awards us first place with top honors at the 2nd Annual Hair Wars Competition. Not just one year, but two years in a row. Once again Lee Ann, I would like to extend a great big thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work and efforts. I am truly looking forward to working with you again on our future projects".                             Thomas West THOMAS WEST HAIR GROUP       

Website Designed at Homestead Get a Website and List Your Business

















bio 










 LEE ANN MARIE Bio, Hosting Demo and Product Launch Video Demo​   Product Launches  Hair & Fashion Show Productions  Fund Raiser 1  Fund Raiser 2  Special Events  Photography  HomeIt was that opportunity that opened her mind and heart to her new found passion for producing. She realized that her 20 years of experience as a performer, her keen eye for detail and her knowledge in marketing gave her the unique combination that produces the successful results that clients are looking for. Lee Ann also extends a dedicated and easy to work with spirit. It’s with this attitude, that she believes that there’s no limit to what she can professionallyoffer her clients to create attention-getting vidoes and shows that inform, intrigue and are indicative of her clients' product & message.  What clients have said about Lee Ann Marie  Productions: “Just a brief note to thank you once again for doing such a superb job on the product launch. It was by far the most outstanding performance of the entire event, and not only was HELENE CURTIS impressed but the 2,000 Sally employees attending the event were equally so. You presented our products in a very professional, exciting and creative light both through video and live performances.  The Sally Beauty Supply employees have to sit through more than 50 different presentations all focused  on a huge array of different products and promotions. It becomes very hard to actually interest them in such a way that they become excited about our products. Your presentation, however, did just that. I received nothing but positive feedback from much of our audience, including the president of Sally Beauty  Company.    To say you are an extremely accommodating production company is an HELENE CURTIS looks forward to doing many more shows with you and  creative or easy to work with than Lee Ann Marie Productions, Inc.".            “I can't tell you how excited we are at the success of our DETAILS event.  account of your dynamic and professional attitude. The show you produceunique DETAILS fashion story on the runway, but presented it with music, entertaining. Again, thanks for all your hard work and efforts. I look  forwar “On behalf of Mayor Richard M. Daley, I would like to thank you for Millennium Celebration, by your company’s show during International Your spirited production entertained thousands of travelers passing positive response. We look forward to working with you on future progra  “I would like to personally thank you, your assistant and your entire Production Company for again producing our Fashion Show last week. I heard many comments after the show about what a great job you do in selecting just the right clothes for the models. As I mentioned to you, the show you do for Easter Seals is so much more spectacular  than any other fashion show fundraiser. We hope you and your production company will remain committed to us. I have enjoyed working with you and look forward to a continuing relationship with you”.                                                                        Marjorie Springer EASTER SEALS    "The show manager of the International Beauty Show called me to tell me how he, and many other people, raved about our performance. This is not an uncommon occurrence. Many people have asked who produced our show, and of course I send them in your direction. Your work and talent are top notch and I foresee a lot of business headed your way from Goldwell in the future. Thank you very much"!                                                                               Michael Ceglia GOLDWELL  “On behalf of the “Children’s Y Committee” I want to thank you for a spectacular performance on coordinating the fashion show and emceeing it that evening. Because of your expertise, passion and professionalism, it was a huge success. Thank you again from the “Y Committee Members” and a special thank you from the “Fashion Show Committee”                       CHILDREN’S Y FUND RAISER Rich Port YMCA  "What can I say! I am just overwhelmed with the creativity and style that you projected into the show, not to mention your professionalism. As if all of that isn’t enough, you created a show that awards us first place with top honors at the 2nd Annual Hair Wars Competition. Not just one year, but two years in a row. Once again Lee Ann, I would like to extend a great big thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work and efforts. I am truly looking forward to working with you again on our future projects".                                                   Thomas West THOMAS WEST HAIR GROUP    LEE ANN MARIE incorporated in 1994 and was certified with the City of Chicago as a Women's Business Enterprise (WBE).  Since then she has been producing live and video product launches as well as fashion show productions. Some of her   corporate clients include: Graham Webb, Helene Curtis, Zotos International, Goldwell, Enesco, Sally Beauty Supply,    Motorola, Bon Ton and DETAILS. Some organizations that Lee Ann has produced fashion show fundraisers for include:      Easter Seals, Susan G. Komen and Children's Y. Prior to starting her production company, Lee Ann was no stranger    to the stage as she had a long and successful career as a professional dancer, petite model and spokesperson. She  danced in productions across the country with such stars as David Copperfield, Tony Randall, Rita Morino, Joe Namath   and Soupie Sales. Lee Ann is a member of Screen Actors Guild, Actors Equity Association and the American Federal  Television and Radio Association. She has numerous musical theatre credits including the Chicago Goodman Theatre's   production of Pal Joey choreographed by Ann Reinking. Her movie credits include dance roles in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"   and "The Babe". In the late 80’s, Lee Ann co-starred and danced in the number one MTV video "I Can't Hold Back" with   the group Survivor and the "Night Out With The Boy's" video with artist, Linda Clifford. As a Chicago native, Lee Ann had   the pleasure of being a cheerleader for The Chicago Bulls and the Chicago Bears Football Teams.    As a narrator and spokesperson with appearances in both videos and live presentations, Lee Ann has represented    hundreds of companies and products at nearly one thousand tradeshows both nationally and internationally. She assists   her clients with all aspects of their show experience including exhibit conceptual design, development and integration.   As a petite model, Lee Ann appeared in print ads for various products, work out equipment, apparel and furniture manufact-   urers. She has appeared on runways for Neiman Marcus, Marshall Fields, Carson Pirie Scott and Nordstrom's as well as    runway appearance's on "Oprah". Some of Lee Ann's commercial credits include spot's for: Chevrolet, Michelob Lite, WCLR   and WFYR.     Throughout Lee Ann's on-camera career, she made appearances on the QVC Shopping Channel as   the spokesperson for a worldwide launch of a hair-care appliance. A segment from one of Lee Ann’s presentations has been   used in a QVC training video that is sent out to new guests and vendors as "an example of an excellent sell".    It was in 1993 that a major career turn came for Lee Ann when a well know clothing manufacturer that she had modeled for     many years offered her a contract to produce their fashion shows. Lee Ann declined their offer explaining that her passion     was only onstage. The company continued to pursue Lee Ann and eventually their persistence lead her to accept.                                 To contact     Lee Ann Marie                             312.671.1966                                      or It was that opportunity that opened her mind and heart to her new found passion of producing. She realized that her 20 years of experience as a performer, her keen eye for detail and her knowledge in marketing gave her the unique combination that produces the successful results that clients are looking for. Lee Ann also extends a dedicated and easy to work with spirit. It’s with this attitude, that she believes that there’s no limit to what she can artistically and professionally offer to create attention-getting shows that inform and intrigue and are indicative of her clients'  product and message. WHAT CLIENTS ARE SAYING:"Your educational and entertaining video and live production for our  Salon Basics sunflower shampoo and conditioner product launch created the excitement and imagethat we were looking to project. Thank you for an outstanding job".                            Lisa Huber ZOTOS INTERNATIONAL“Your professional manner, excellent appearance and accomplished narrative were just what we needed to introduce our dynamic new Tomographic System, the PMT  6000. We were very pleased with your work both in your live presentation and in your on-camera presentation for our sales video”.  Dennis M. Bleser TREX  CONTINENTAL X-RAY“You could not of presented us better. You were in my estimation the CLASS OF THE SHOW. Not only are you beautiful, but, warm, charming and a hard worker”.                 J. P. Lehnertz ARMOR ALL               “Your product narration was outstanding and was enjoyed by everyone. We look forward to continued business with you.”                                                                                Joe Scriff MITUTOYO    "I can't tell you how excited we are at the success of our DETAILS event. And indeed this success is, in great part, on account of yourdynamic and professional attitude. The show you produced was so "right on".Not only did you capture the unique DETAILS fashion story on the runway, but presented it with music, choreography  and staging that was fresh and entertaining. Again, thanks for all your hard work and efforts. I look forwarard to working with you in the near future".                                         Kevin M. Belden DETAILS magazine“On behalf of Mayor Richard M. Daley, I would like to thank you for participating in the City's Dance to the Dawn of the NewMillennium Celebration, by your company’s show during International Dance Around the World at O'Hare International  Airport. Your spirited production entertained thousands of travelers passing through O'Hare. The program received an overwhelminglypositive response. We look forward to working with you on future programs".                                                                      Thomas R. Walker CITY OF CHICAGO  “I would like to personally thank you, your assistant and your entire Production Company for again producing our Fashion Show last week. I heard many comments after the show about what a great job you do in selecting just the right clothes for the models. As I mentioned to you, the show you do for Easter Seals is so much more spectacular than any other fashion show fundraiser. We hope you and your production company will remain committed to us. I have enjoyed working with you and look forward to a continuing relationship with you”.                                                Marjorie Springer EASTER SEALS   "The show manager of the International Beauty Show called me to tell me how he, and many other people, raved about our performance. This is not an uncommon occurrence. Many people have asked who produced our show, and of course I send them in your direction. Your work and talent are top notch and I foresee a lot of business headed your way from Goldwell in the future. Thank you very much"!                                                     Michael Ceglia GOLDWELL “On behalf of the “Children’s Y Committee” I want to thank you for a spectacular performance on coordinating the fashion show and emceeing it that evening. Because of your expertise, passion and professionalism, it was a huge success. Thank you again from the “Y Committee Members” and a special thank you from the “Fashion Show Committee”.                                             CHILDREN’S Y FUND RAISER Rich Port YMCA"What can I say! I am just overwhelmed with the creativity and style that you projected into the show, not to mention your professionalism. As if all of that isn’t enough, you created a show that awards us first place with top honors at the 2nd Annual Hair Wars Competition. Not just one year, but two years in a row. Once again Lee Ann, I would like to extend a great big thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work and efforts. I am truly looking forward to working with you again on our future projects".                             Thomas West THOMAS WEST HAIR GROUP       

Website Designed at Homestead Get a Website and List Your Business










Online Grocery Shopping - Groceries Delivery Singapore | RedMartPage 1Created with Sketch.Online Grocery Shopping - Groceries Delivery Singapore | RedMartPage 1Created with Sketch.






























Error ConnectYourDomain occurred

Regardless, we recommend you to update your browser.




























Amazon.com: Customer reviews: Closer To You: Lee




 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 




















































































Closer To You: Lee

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews3.3 out of 5 stars253.3 out of 5 stars5 star32%4 star20%3 star16%2 star4%1 star28%Closer To You: LeebyMarie RochelleFormat: Paperback|ChangeWrite a reviewSee All Buying OptionsAdd to Wish List
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.


Top positive reviewSee all 13 positive reviews› 4.0 out of 5 starsCherise is annoying, Lee is hot!ByM. Evanson September 24, 2010I liked this book but I do have to say that I found Cherise a bit annoying with her overwhelming stubborness. But all in all, it was a nice little love story. Easy read, some typos, but still nice.

Read more
Top critical reviewSee all 12 critical reviews› 
          One person found this helpful
1.0 out of 5 starsI Wanted to Like This BookByX. heardon August 24, 2011This book wasn't well written. It seems the author's vocabulary was lacking. The characters were undeveloped and the book didn't flow properly. I've read two books by this author, and maybe this was an earlier work of hers but I couldn't believe this was even published.I really loved the fact that the main character was a larger woman, but she has low self-esteem and she is exteremly insecure. For me that doesn't jive well with the whole strong independent thing. I mean Cherise came off as an idiot as the author put it "she didn't realize the situation" until after it was over. I was sitting there reading like what, how do you not realize you have your hand down a man's pants and stroking his goodies until its over. Yeah well at least she wasn't a 30 year old virgin. Anyway I didn't find anything good to say about the book, but I'm not ready to give up on this author. I'm going to look for her recent work to see if she has improved.

Read more



Sort by:
    TopMost recentTopFilter by:
    All reviewersVerified purchase onlyVerified purchase onlyAll stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyAll positiveAll criticalAll starsAll formatsFormat: PaperbackAll formatsSearchThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.Showing 1-10 of 14 reviews(Verified Purchases).
    See all 25 reviews1.0 out of 5 starsI Wanted to Like This BookByX. heardon August 24, 2011Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseThis book wasn't well written. It seems the author's vocabulary was lacking. The characters were undeveloped and the book didn't flow properly. I've read two books by this author, and maybe this was an earlier work of hers but I couldn't believe this was even published.I really loved the fact that the main character was a larger woman, but she has low self-esteem and she is exteremly insecure. For me that doesn't jive well with the whole strong independent thing. I mean Cherise came off as an idiot as the author put it "she didn't realize the situation" until after it was over. I was sitting there reading like what, how do you not realize you have your hand down a man's pants and stroking his goodies until its over. Yeah well at least she wasn't a 30 year old virgin. Anyway I didn't find anything good to say about the book, but I'm not ready to give up on this author. I'm going to look for her recent work to see if she has improved.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.3.0 out of 5 starsBold ManByAmazon Customeron July 10, 2010Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseI love the character Lee Drace, his determination to claim Cherise Roberts was titillating and hot.  He pursued her through two stories 'Taste of Love: Richard' and 'My Deepest Love: Zack,' these stories were okay; however, I only kept them to track Lee's relationship with Cherise, hoping that a story was coming involving just them. Alas a story for Lee and Cherise came out and I was ecstatic, well I was ecstatic until Ms. Rochelle destroyed my love for Lee.He's been begging for a chance to get with this woman, he's determined to break down the barriers that Cherise has about dating white men, and against her better judgment she gives Lee a chance and falls hard for him.  Lee's in heaven he has the woman he loves and he hints that he wants marriage and children.  Cherise really puts herself on the line and asks Lee to marry her in front of a roomful of people and he just gets up and walks out without responding.Cherise is mortified after being burnt by a man again, so she decides to take a job in Paris with no plans to return.  Lee's in a fog wondering why Cherise would leave him without any explanation.  How did Lee go from being a hot, sophisticated, confident man to this wimpy dope without a clue? I really wish Ms. Rochelle would think a little harder about the development of her characters.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.1.0 out of 5 starssorry excuseBymarianaon June 30, 2014Format: Kindle Edition|Verified Purchasethis book was just......awefull just bad all around a waste of my time and money.  I got it cuz a plus size women and a hot man is a nice cover... But the heroine was annoying and frustrating, horrible and the ending was just thrown in there I wish I can get my money back and that hour of my life back.....0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsCherise is annoying, Lee is hot!ByM. Evanson September 24, 2010Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseI liked this book but I do have to say that I found Cherise a bit annoying with her overwhelming stubborness. But all in all, it was a nice little love story. Easy read, some typos, but still nice.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsgreat book to readByAmazon Customeron August 8, 2014Format: Kindle Edition|Verified Purchasethis book was great, it showed the love between brothers, it showed how even though he was great in business, and raising his brothers, and he can even make mistakes, and show that you can go after what you want even if it takes a while do so.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsEnjoyableByAmazon Customeron August 16, 2011Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseBest in the Drace brothers trilogy...The chemistry between cherise and lee was compelling. I couldn't stop reading, wondering when cherise was going to give in to lee.  A strong woman like cherise is definitely what lee needed. I even enjoyed her character in the other books in the trilogy.  Lee and cherise stood out most in all three books. This was definitely my favorite.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.3.0 out of 5 starsEhhhBySamfleuron January 21, 2013Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseIt wasn't anything special. It was actually pretty disappointing and a waste of time. But that is expected of Marie Rochelle. I'm sorry but not ashamed to say that she is not that great of an author. Her books are purely for their erotic function. So all erotica readers out there, rejoice!0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsGOOD JOB!!!ByR. C. Wareon February 20, 2009Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseI ennjoyed My Deepest Love: Zack and A Taste of Love:  Richard, but Closer to You: Lee is definitely my favorite.  I love the relationship between Cherise and Lee. My heart went out to Cherise in the scene where she proposed to Lee. The sparks between the two will definitely keep you reading.  Thanks for the up to date info on the other brothers.  This was a great read.0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsByAmazon Customeron October 8, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseGOOD BOOK0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsIt was GOOOOODByJ. Brookson October 5, 2009Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseMy only complaint: At the end, Lee got off MUCH TOO EASY for what he did.The good stuff: the heroine was full figured (that's always nice); Lee was a horny (extremely lovable) toad; etc.The heroine was not rejecting Lee because he was white or because she was coy-she had past issues to deal with and was unprepared to have Lee. It was GOOD despite the reviews to the contrary.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.←Previous12Next→

Need customer service? Click here‹ See all details for Closer To You: Lee








There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started







































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates













Produce Delivery Service & On-Farm Market | Lee & Maria's



































































































 




























LOCAL PRODUCE DELIVERED TO YOUSIGN UP / LOGINVISIT OUR ON-FARM MARKETLearn MoreWE’RE FARMERS FIRSTLearn Who We Are 











 




Local Produce And More Delivered To Your Door

 




Sign up now for the 2017 season, beginning in April.

 




If you’re busy and can’t find the time to keep you’re family eating healthy, we take the work out of eating fresh. Get locally grown and organic produce delivered to your door on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. You can also add on items from over 150 organic grocieries, bread, eggs, and milk in our online market. Bin options range from $18 to $55 and are completely customizable. Lanched in 2012, we now deliver over 16,000 bins per year across Windsor-Essex and Chatham-Kent.

 


Ready To Eat Healthy? LEARN MORE

  




Lee & Maria’s On-Farm Market

 


Our market started as one of the roadside stands you see dotting the roads across Essex County. We picked our crops and would set them out for sale each morning.
 
Now, we’re a 2500 sq. ft. fully stocked market with more than just produce. We also sell locally baked breads and pies, preserves, pasta, milk, cheese, and more. We’re a one stop shop for people who want to buy ethically grown, sourced, and local products.

 


LEARN MORE

 
















Gift Certificates
 Now Available!
Give the perfect gift of Lee & Maria’s.
Buy a gift certificate

 








Latest News

 5 Mother’s Day Gift IdeasMother’s Day is the perfect time of year to be thinking about fresh and healthy gift giving. While the traditional meal out, bouquet or box of chocolates might seem like a good idea at first, why not give something that they can enjoy their time...... News  No comment0  LikesShareDressed by an Olive Joins Our TeamA new product joins our lineup We are extremely excited to announce that Dressed by an Olive is now available both in our market and for our bin delivery members. The Windsor and Tecumseh based company sells fused and infused oils and balsamic vinegar. They are...... News  No comment3  LikesShare


New Recipes

 Mushroom SoupWhat better way to use up some tasty locally grown Kingsville mushrooms than to make a piping hot bowl of mushroom soup. Here’s a fantastic recipe from Food.com to enjoy some locally grown goodies.   Print Mushroom Soup Ingredients 8 ounces fresh mushrooms 2 tablespoons...... Recipes  No comment1  LikeSharePolynesian Kebabs RecipeWe just finished watching Disney’s Moana for about the 15th time and decided that our 4-year-old needed a touch of some real Polynesian culture. So, we gave this recipe from Simply Gluten Free a try. It turned out fantastic! Print Polynesian Kebabs Recipe Ingredients 2...... Recipes  No comment0  LikesShareLearn more about the people who are changing their lives by eating healthy fruits, vegetables, and groceries from Lee & Maria’s.
Read More


How Can We Help You?
 
I am a shopper looking for fresh, healthy, local food:
 

Visit our On-Farm Market on Seacliff Dr. in Kingsville.
Get a Fresh Food Bin delivered to your home or workplace.
Learn about our farmers.
Learn what’s in season.
Follow us on social media.

 
I am a buyer looking for food in wholesale quantities:
 

Lee & Maria’s delivery service supports regional food producers by making their products available to wholesale buyers throughout the region. Email us for more info.
Visit our On-Farm Market in Kingsville.

 
I am a farmer:
 

Not a Lee & Maria’s producer? Contact us to apply.

 
I am interested in education:
 

Sign up for Lee & Maria’s Youth Education school tours of the farm.
Work with older adults? Sign up for a tour through Lee & Maria’s Seniors.

 
I am a member of the media:
 

View recent stories (coming soon!) and contact our press department


 



CONTACT US

 


519-733-9328

692 Seacliff Dr., Kingsville, ON, N9Y 2K7

Orders [at] leeandmarias.com

 











































  Jabong.com - Catalog      Save the products you  like hereYour shopping bag is emptyRecent SearchesOthers  97 PRODUCTSClearSHOWFilter byView allFilter ByGenderCategoryBrandOffersPriceSizeColorGenderWomen [80]Men [17]CategoryClothing Accessories Brand(4)ClearTop brands@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZYepme [58]Marie Claire [11]Lee [8]Aks [20]Adidas [29]Dorothy Perkins [61]Puma [55]Tom Tailor [19]Top BrandsYepme [58]Marie Claire [11]Lee [8]Aks [20]Adidas [29]Dorothy Perkins [61]Puma [55]Tom Tailor [19]All Brands@2GO [22]612 League [33]9 yrs Younger [3]97Colours [2]9rasa [2]@499 [3]aADISA [1]AMANTE [7]AND [20]Aarika [14]Abhishti [8]Abhiyuthan [3]Abiti Bella [3]Abrazo [1]Accessorize [5]Action [2]Adamo London [1]Addons [3]Adidas [29]Adidas Neo [4]Adidas Originals [2]Admiral [7]Admyrin [18]Aeropostale [12]Ahalyaa [3]Airtel Delhi Half Marathon [1]Ajile By Pantaloons [2]Akkriti By Pantaloons [12]Akrti [1]Aks [20]Aks Couture [8]Alba [1]Albely [1]Alcis [43]Alcott [6]Alibi [1]Alina Decor [1]All About You from Deepika Padukone [9]Allen Cooper [2]Allen Solly [10]Allen Solly Junior [4]Alto Moda By Pantaloons [5]Alvaro Castagnino [29]Alvin Kelly [3]Alzara [1]American Crew [1]American Tourister [4]American-Elm [11]Annabelle By Pantaloons [2]Anouk [33]Ans Asthaandsidharth [2]Apple Creation [4]Arpn's [1]Arrow Sports [4]Asics [9]Asics Tiger [1]Athena [4]Aujjessa [16]Aum [4]Aurelia [26]Avaana [10]Avira Home [4]Avirate [5]Avishi [2]Avoir Envie [1]Avon [5]Ayaany [2]bB'Witch [4]Bacca Bucci [2]Baggit [10]Bagkok [1]Bagsy Malone [5]Balista [1]Bandit [1]Barbie [1]Basics [6]Bata [7]Bay Island [3]Be Indi [2]Beebay [20]Being Fab [7]Bella Moda [5]Belle Fille [9]Bells And Whistles [6]Bendly [2]Berge [2]Berrypeckers [5]Besiva [2]Betty [6]Beyouty [1]Bhama Couture [3]Biba [44]Bio Kid [3]Bitterlime [5]Blackberrys [11]Blackbuk India [1]Blend [4]Blissta [11]Blue Saint [1]Blue Sequin [6]Bombay Dyeing [2]Bootico & Co. [1]Bossini [7]Breakbounce [10]Brown Boy [1]Bruno Manetti [2]Bunkar [25]Butterflies [2]Byford By Pantaloons [1]cC9 [18]CCILU [1]CHIQUE [1]CHRONOTECH [1]Calgari [18]Calvin Klein Jeans [2]Calvin Klein Underwear [2]Campus Sutra [3]Candies By Pantaloons [2]Caprese [13]Captain America [2]Carlton London [3]Cashewnut [2]Castle [12]Cation [15]Catwalk [1]Cayman [1]Celio [10]Champion [1]Cheri [1]Cherry crumble california [14]Cherymoya [5]Chhipaprints [11]Chirpie Pie By Pantaloons [1]Chromozome [1]Chumbak [8]Clark N Palmer [1]Clarks [3]Cloak & Decker [4]Clovia [35]Club York [7]Cobblerz [2]Cocoon [1]Code by Lifestyle [1]Color Cocktail [2]ColorPlus [13]Colorbar [7]Colour Me [13]Columbia [2]Converse [4]Cool Quotient [12]Coolthreads [5]Corsica [1]Cottinfab [7]Crimsoune Club [9]Crocodile [8]Crocs [9]Crosscreek [2]Crunchy Fashions [6]Cult Fiction [7]Cutecumber [6]dD'SIGNER [3]DC [1]Da Intimo [7]Dais [1]Daniel Klein [1]Danny Daze [1]David Blake [1]Dazzio [2]De Moza [9]Deal Jeans [2]Dearfoams [2]Deborah Milano [1]Deewa [1]Dekor World [18]Delsey [1]Demokrazy [4]Desi Belle [5]Desi Drama Queen [1]Desi Weaves [3]Desibutik [3]Design House [3]Diana Korr [4]Diesel [1]Difference of Opinion [1]Disney [2]Divina [5]Diya [2]Dorothy Perkins [61]Dressberry [19]Duke [19]Dupatta Bazaar [5]eE2O Fashion [2]ESBEDA [3]Eavan [2]Ed Hardy [1]Elaborado [10]Elespry [1]Elle [1]Elle Kids [1]Ellis [2]Elly [5]Elpaso [1]Enfin Homes [1]Espresso [1]Esprit [3]Estrella Companero [2]Eteenz [21]Ether [5]Ethniclook [5]Evam [2]Even [7]fF Loop [2]FC Barcelona [1]FREAK'N BY COTTON COUNTY [4]FS Mini Klub [11]Fab Fashion [2]Faballey [23]Faballey Curve [2]Faballey Indya [1]Fabels by fabindia [2]Fabindia [15]Fabrobe [1]Fame Forever By Lifestyle [9]Famous by Payal Kapoor [3]Farenheit [6]Fasense [1]Fashion String [1]Fashion Weaving [3]Femella [2]Feneto [2]Fila [9]Fizik [1]Fizik Freak [4]Flat n Heels [1]Flora [2]Flying Machine [2]Folklore [4]Footin [2]Forca By Lifestyle [2]Forever 21 [22]Forever New [1]Fort Collins [4]Four Seasons [6]Frank Jefferson [1]Free & Young [11]Freehand [1]Freetoes [1]French Connection [2]Fritzberg [4]Funk For Hire [1]Fusion Beats [1]gG [1]G-Star RAW [1]GAUGE MACHINE [3]GEAR [1]GQ [10]Garcon [2]Gas [2]Gerua [13]Gespo [9]Get Glamr [1]Gili [1]Ginger By Lifestyle [3]Gini & Jony [46]Gini & Jony For Jabong [1]Gipsy [13]Gkiidz [5]Global Colours [3]Global Desi [26]Globus [5]Gnist [1]Go Colors [7]Golden Peacock [3]Grain [9]Greenfibre [2]Gritstones [2]hHANCOCK [1]HM [1]HRX by Hrithik Roshan [22]HYPE [4]Hammock [3]Happy Hours [1]Harissons [2]Harpa [35]Harvard [1]Heat Wave [2]Hermoso [1]Highlander [2]Holy Brats [2]Honey & B [6]Honey By Pantaloons [2]Honey Dew [7]Hoopers [2]Hopping Street [3]House This! [12]Hummel [8]Hypernation [4]Hypnotex [38]iI Know [2]IDEE [2]INDICODE [1]Illy [1]Image [3]Imagica [11]Imara [19]Impulse [5]Inc.5 [5]Inddus [16]Indian Ink [7]Indian Terrain [22]Indian Women By Bahubali [21]Indigo Nation [4]Instacrush [3]Intoto [1]Invictus [11]Ipanema [1]Ishin [31]Ives [2]Izabel London by Pantaloons [5]jJ Collection [2]JC Collection [8]JUST FASHION [1]Jack & Jones [26]Jaipur Kurti [10]Janasya [4]Jashn [17]Jazba [1]Jealous 21 [1]Jockey [3]Joe Black [1]John Miller [2]John Players [14]John Pride [4]Joshua Tree [1]Jugnu [4]July Nightwear [8]Juniors by lifestyle [2]Juniper [7]Just Wow [3]Justanned [2]kK&U [5]Kalista [3]Kanvin [1]Kappa [1]Kazo [10]Khushali Fashion [11]Khwaab [2]Kielz [4]Kilkari [2]Kira [4]Kira Plus [5]Knighthood [2]Kook N Keech [7]Krafftwork [3]Kvsfab [6]lL'Elegantae [2]L'Oreal Paris [2]LOOM TREE [3]LOUIS PHILIPPE JEANS [1]La Firangi [9]La Girl [3]La Mode [1]La Roma [6]La Seven [3]La Zoire [1]Label Ritu Kumar [5]Ladida [5]Lakme [2]Lakshita [9]Lapis O Lupo [4]Latin Quarters [6]Lavie [16]Lee [8]Lee Cooper [1]Lee Marc [2]Leo Sansini [5]Levi's [6]Li-Ning [1]Libas [16]Liberty [3]Liebemode [15]Lil Orchids [8]Lilliput [22]Lino Perros [12]Little Kangaroos [28]Little Lacy [1]Lobster [2]Lomond [1]London Bee [2]Looney Tunes [1]Louis Philippe [5]Louis Philippe Sports [1]Love From India [3]Love Genration [1]Lucfashion [6]Lumberboy [3]Lynda [5]mMAYHEM [1]MB [3]MBE [2]MEEE [6]MESLEEP [4]MFT Couture [1]MIAMINX [9]MIZUNO [5]MSC [5]MTV [3]Mabish by Sonal Jain [17]Madame [25]Madame Girls [1]Madame M Secret [2]Magnetic Designs [5]Mahotsav [7]Mamacouture [1]Mango [1]Mango People [1]Manka [1]Manola [3]Marc Loire [4]Marie Claire [11]Marvel [1]MashUp [1]Maspar [2]Mast & Harbour [27]Maxima [1]Maybelline [2]Mayra [11]Meira [1]Melange by Lifestyle [16]Meriggiare [2]Metersbonwe [1]Metro [6]Mexx [18]Mickey & Friends [8]Mine4nine [4]Mineral [3]Minikins [1]Minnie [1]Miss Alibi [2]Miss Bennett London [2]Miss Chase [16]Miss Forever [1]Miss Selfridge [1]Miway [3]Miyo [4]Mmantra [1]Mochi [3]Mocking Bird [2]Moda Rapido [9]Mode Vetements [4]Moedbuille [8]Moladz [2]Monte Carlo [8]Monteil & Munero [7]Mothercare [18]Mr Button [2]Ms. Taken [1]Mufti [15]Mustard [5]My Lil' Berry [1]Mystere Paris [11]Mystree [2]nN-Gal [9]NBA [2]NO CODE [4]Naari [45]Nanni [4]Naughty Ninos [4]Nauti Nati [17]Nautica [6]Nayo [8]Nell [16]Neva [3]New Balance [11]Newton [1]Next [34]Nidhi Munim [3]Nike [41]Nine West [5]Nivia [1]Noble Faith [5]Note [2]Numero Uno [7]Nun [3]Nuteez [2]Nuwah [3]oOjjasvi [4]Olmiite [2]Olvin [3]One Femme [4]Online Fayda [4]Only [17]Only You [1]Oxolloxo [18]pPARCHAYEE [27]PONEY [2]PROLINE ACTIVE [6]Panahi [1]Panit [9]Pannkh [18]Paprika [1]Paprika by Lifestyle [2]Park Avenue [32]Parx [11]Peaches [2]People [12]Pepe Jeans [52]Pera Doce [1]Peter England [10]Petrol [1]Pink Lace [5]Pirates of Caribbean [1]Plume [4]Pluss [10]Popnetic [2]Porsorte [1]Prakhya [10]Preeti S Kapoor [2]Pretty Simple [1]PrettySecrets [12]Priyank [1]Proline [2]Provogue [4]Puma [55]Pumpkin Patch [3]Punk [2]Punkster [3]Purys [1]qQ&Q [3]Quiksilver [2]Quittance [2]Qupid [3]rREVO [4]RIDRESS [3]ROCKFORD [2]Ra Berry [3]Rain & Rainbow [14]Raindrops [23]Rangeelo Rajasthan [3]Rangmanch By Pantaloons [16]Rangriti [26]Rare [9]Rare Prive [2]Rattrap [2]Ray Ban [1]Raymond [4]Raymond Home [15]Real Blue [1]Real Madrid C.F. [1]Rebecca [12]Red Flame [1]Red Lorry [3]Red Rose [1]Red Tape [1]Reebok [32]Renka [42]Rider [2]Rig [3]Rigo [4]Riot Jeans [9]Ritu Kumar [2]River Island [1]Riya [11]Roadster [17]Roop Kashish [8]Rosaline [2]Rossoyuki [1]Rsvp Cross [5]Ruff [8]Ruhaan's [13]sS9home by Seasons [3]SEJ by Nisha Gupta [3]SHOPPERTREE [5]SOLAJ [4]SPARX [2]STEPpings [1]SVT ADA Collection [14]Saadgi [4]Sabhyata [7]Saiesta [1]Sakhi Sang [8]Salona Bichona [12]Salwar Studio [3]Sangria [34]Saral Home [15]Saree Mall [33]Saree Swarg [3]Sassafras [8]Satya Paul [1]Say It loud [1]SbuyS [3]Scentra [3]Scoop Street [4]Scotch & Soda [11]Scullers [2]Scullers For Her [3]Scullers Kids [7]Secret Wish [8]See Designs [4]Sera [4]Seven [3]Sf Jeans By Pantaloons [1]Shaftesbury London [5]Shaily [12]Shakumbhari [12]Shelina [4]Shonaya [2]Shree [35]Shree Sanskruti [2]Shuz Touch [19]Silly People [2]Sir Michele [1]Siyaram's [1]Skagen [1]Skechers [4]Skybags [3]Slub [2]Slub Junior [2]Smag [9]Smugglerz [1]Sohniye [6]Soie [20]Sojanya [2]Soumya [3]Soundarya [9]Spaces [1]Spalding [7]Span [1]Sparkle Street [1]Speedo [10]Spice Art [1]Splash [6]Sports 52 Wear [3]Spunk [1]Spykar [10]Sringam [7]Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon [3]Star Wars [2]Status [1]Status Quo [11]Steve Madden [1]Street 9 [5]Studio Rasa [2]Stybuzz [2]Style Quotient [19]Stylenmart [1]Stylestone [4]Sudarshan Silk [6]Superdry [10]Superyoung [5]Supra [1]Suthidori [1]Svanik [11]Svarikaa [2]Swaron [6]Swatee Singh [2]Swayam [21]Sweet Dreams [21]tTEN [8]Taanz [2]Tab91 [12]Tagd New York [2]Tailor Craft [3]Tales & Stories [1]Talinum [6]Tangerine [1]Tantra [2]Taraash [2]Tarama [9]Tcs World 10k Bengaluru [1]Teddy Toes [2]Texco [4]Thankar [6]The Cranberry Club [5]The Design Factory [1]The Indian Garage Co. [9]The Kaftan Company [3]The North Face [2]The Silhouette Store [1]The Simpsons [2]The Vanca [11]The Vertical [1]Thisrupt [2]Threesome [3]Tickles [2]Timex [1]Tinted [3]Tiny Girl [1]Titan [1]Tokyo Talkies [5]Tom & Jerry [1]Tom Tailor [19]Tomatillo [1]Tommy Hilfiger [24]Tops And Tunics [1]Tossido [16]Toteteca Bag Works [2]Touch Trends [7]Toy Balloon Kids [2]Trend Arrest [16]Trendy Divva [1]Tripti [1]Trishaa By Pantaloons [2]Triumph [2]Triveni Sarees [16]Truffle Collection [1]Tshirt Company [6]Tulsattva [9]uU.S. Polo Assn. [43]UFO [34]UV&W [2]Ucla [1]Umbro [2]Under Colors of Benetton [2]Uni Style Image [2]Unikid [3]United Colors of Benetton [112]Uptownie Lite [9]Urban Nomad [3]Urbantouch [11]Utsukushii [1]vV Dot [2]VITAMINS [11]Vaamsi [12]Valentine [2]Valentino [1]Van Heusen [10]Van Heusen Sport [6]Vans [3]Vaph [1]Vapr [3]Varanga [48]Varkala Silk Sarees [21]Varkha Fashion [1]Vedic [7]Veni Vidi Vici [1]Vero Moda [36]Very Me [2]Via Italia [3]Viari [8]Vibe [3]Vida [16]Vinegar [3]Viola Sky [10]Vipul [2]Vishudh [11]Viva N Diva [11]Vostro [4]Voylla [1]Vritikamesmer [3]Vvine [2]Vvoguish [4]wW [16]WOO [1]WYM [11]Waltz [3]Watch Me [1]Wave London [4]Wega Life [3]Westwood [1]Wiki by Wildcraft [1]Wildcraft [11]Wilkins & Tuscany [4]Wills Lifestyle [15]Wishful By W [1]Wisstler [5]Women Republic [5]Woodland [2]Wowmom [1]Wrangler [5]Wrogn [3]xX'Pose [1]Xmex [1]XnY [5]Xora [1]yYcode [3]Yelloe [3]Yellow Apple [1]Yepme [58]Yk [10]Ywc [10]zZOEYAM'S [5]Zachho [9]Zaveri Pearls [3]Zeven [1]Zivame [21]Ziyaa [4]ss.Oliver [4]ttZaro [1]Clear SelectionApply789 moreOffersGet 15% off 2499, Use code: RUSH15Get 10% off on Rs. 1999,Use code: RUSH10Get 15% off, Use code: SALE15Get 10% off, Use code: LIMITED10Pricebelow 500 [21]500-999 [57]above 999 [19]Enter a price rangeGoSizeXS [23]S [43]M [40]L [56]XL [33]XXL [4]2XL [16]26 [4]28 [2]30 [4]32 [4]34 [1]36 [2]38 [1]40 [2]42 [2]FREE SIZE [11]Color(1)ClearBlue [551]Black [396]White [244]Navy Blue [166]Red [153]Green [151]Pink [150]Yellow [132]Grey [129]Blue [551]Black [396]White [244]Navy Blue [166]Red [153]Green [151]Pink [150]Yellow [132]Grey [129]Multicoloured [113]Orange [97]Beige [79]Off White [79]Maroon [62]Purple [58]Brown [53]Peach [37]Magenta [23]Golden [21]Silver [14]Copper [10]Olive [9]Turquoise [6]Coffee [3]Khaki [2]Tan [1]Clear SelectionApply17 moreCancelApplyAksLeeMarie ClaireYepmeOrangeClear All97 productsShow:34FilterSort byPopularityPopularityWhat's newPrice: High to LowPrice: Low to HighDiscount: High to Lowview all filtersNewLara Karen Lara Karen Lara Karen Check belt dress 3210 1499(-40%)+ More colorsColors+ 3 moreSizes 31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/32,31/30Add To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Blouse24991250(-50%)SizesSLMXSXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Shift Dress21991100(-50%)SizesXSLSAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Orange Printed Regular Fit Round Neck T-Shirt1199720(-40%)SizesMLSXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Anarkali1599960(-40%)SizesXXLMSLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Printed Churidar Kameez Dupatta37991140(-70%)SizesXSLSAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Anarkali1499750(-50%)SizesXXLXLSMLAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Orange Graphic Regular Fit Round Neck T-Shirt1299781(-40%)SizesLXLSMXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Anarkali1499900(-40%)SizesMXXLLSXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Tunic799640(-20%)SizesXLXXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Blouse1699850(-50%)SizesMSXSLAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Orange Graphic Regular Fit Round Neck T-Shirt1199720(-40%)SizesXXLSMLXLAdd To WishlistQuick view NewAks Orange Printed Anarkali1599960(-40%)SizesXLXXLMLSAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Anarkali1499900(-40%)SizesLMSAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Solid Blazer43991320(-70%)SizesSXLLMAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Multicoloured Checked Slim Fit Casual Shirt22991381(-40%)Sizes42363840Add To WishlistQuick view Lee Orange Printed Regular Fit Round Neck T-Shirt799640(-20%)SizesMXLSXXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Blouse1299520(-60%)SizesLXSMSAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange coloured Printed Blouse1599800(-50%)SizesXSSAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Blouse1799900(-50%)SizesXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Embroidered Kurti39991200(-70%)SizesMSXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Solid Maxi Dress39991200(-70%)SizesSMLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Kurta599540(-10%)SizesXLXXLMSAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Kurta899810(-10%)SizesXXLXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Anarkali1299780(-40%)SizesXLLMXXLSAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Printed Kurta Churidar Set1849740(-60%)SizesXSSMLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Kurti899720(-20%)SizesLXLXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Skater Dress30991550(-50%)SizesSMAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Kurta1299780(-40%)SizesXLXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Multicoloured Striped Polo T-Shirt1599961(-40%)SizesSMAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange coloured Solid Blouse1499750(-50%)SizesXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Kurta599540(-10%)SizesSMXXLXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Embroidered Blouse1699850(-50%)SizesLXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Checked Tunic1099440(-60%)SizesLSMAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Striped Churidar Kameez Dupatta43991320(-70%)SizesMXLSLXSAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Embroidered Churidar Kameez Dupatta42991290(-70%)SizesMLXSAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Orange Printed Hooded T-Shirt1599880(-45%)SizesLXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Embellished Saree With Blouse And Slim Pant29991500(-50%)SizesXLMAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Embroidered Saree39992400(-40%)SizesMXXLLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Kurta899540(-40%)SizesMLXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Solid Palazzo2399960(-60%)SizesXSLXLSMAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Kurta1299780(-40%)SizesXXLXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Printed Kurta799640(-20%)SizesSXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Lee Orange Printed Regular Fit Round Neck T-Shirt1499900(-40%)SizesSAdd To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Coloured Pants799640(-20%)SizesLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Colored Solid Skater Dress27991120(-60%)SizesSMLXSAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Colored Printed Shift Dress1899760(-60%)SizesXLMSXSLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Solid Bodycon Dress34991050(-70%)SizesSMLAdd To WishlistQuick view Marie Claire Orange Solid Shirt1499750(-50%)SizesXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Checked Regular Fit Casual Shirt2199880(-60%)Sizes404236Add To WishlistQuick view Aks Orange Solid Kurtis1499900(-40%)SizesXLXXLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Embroidered Kurtis1299520(-60%)SizesXSXLSMLAdd To WishlistQuick view Yepme Orange Solid Kurti1049420(-60%)SizesMXSLSXL{"productCnt":97,"page":1,"limit":52,"originalTerm":"","correctedTerm":"","filterdQ":"","suggestedTerms":null,"sortBy":"popularity","sortDir":"desc","identifiers":{"categories":null,"types":null,"brands":[{"id":"3304","name":"Aks","urlKey":"aks"},{"id":"982","name":"Yepme","urlKey":"Yepme"},{"id":"897","name":"Peppertree","urlKey":"peppertree"},{"id":"79","name":"Lee","urlKey":"Lee"},{"id":"1327","name":"Marie Claire","urlKey":"marie-claire"}],"colors":[{"name":"Orange"}],"collect":null,"tech":null,"discounted":null,"discount":null,"gender":null,"segment":{},"unresolved":"","unisex":false,"isDrillDown":false,"leafFound":false},"urlstrem":"http://discovery:8095/discovery/v1/search/?q=u:aks--Yepme--peppertree--Lee--marie-claire &limit=52&page=1&sort_by=popularity&sort_dir=desc&filters=%7B%22color%22%3A%5B%22Orange%22%5D%7D","breadcrumb":null,"streamData":{"breadcrumb":"","filterdQ":"","pt":"CTL","ch":"DIRECT","bkt":""}}More brand options: 
Lee Ann Marie | Facebook





Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？Lee Ann MarieLee Ann Marie 正在使用 Facebook。注册 Facebook，与 Lee Ann Marie 建立联系。登录或注册关于 Lee Ann Marie关于 Lee Ann MarieAs a corporate presenter, I have appearanced in both videos and live presentations representing hundreds of companies and products at nearly one thousand tradeshows both nationally and internationally. I also assist my clients with all aspects of their tradeshow experience including exhibit conceptual design, development and integration.   As a petite model, I have appeared in print ads for various products, work out equipment, apparel and furniture manufacturers. I have also appeared on runways for Neiman Marcus, Marshall Fields, Carson Pirie Scott and Nordstrom's as well as well as runway appearance's on "Oprah". Some of my commercial credits include spot's for: Chevrolet, Michelob Lite, WCLR and WFYR.  Throughout my on-camera career, I have made appearances on the QVC Shopping Channel as the spokesperson for a worldwide launch of a hair-care appliance. A segment from one of my presentations has been  used in a QVC training video that is sent out to new guests and vendors as "an example of an excellent sell".  Prior to becoming a petite model and spokeperson, I was a professional dancer and performed in productions across the country with such stars as David Copperfield, Tony Randall, Rita Morino, Joe Namath and Soupie Sales. And added numerous musical theatre credits to my resume including the Chicago Goodman Theatre's production of Pal Joey choreographed by Ann Reinking. My movie credits include dance roles in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and "The Babe". In the late 80’s, I co-starred and danced in the number one MTV video "I Can't Hold Back" with the group Survivor and the "Night Out With The Boy's" video with artist, Linda Clifford. As a Chicago native, I had the pleasure of being a cheerleader for The Chicago Bulls and the Chicago Bears Football Teams.  LETTERS OF RECOMMENDATION:  “Your professional manner, excellent appearance and accomplished narrative were just what we needed to introduce our dynamic new Tomographic System, the PMT  6000. We were very pleased with your work both in your live presentation and in your on-camera presentation for our sales video”.                                           - Dennis M. Bleser TREX  CONTINENTAL X-RAY  “You could not of presented us better. You were in my estimation the  CLASS OF THE SHOW. Not only are you beautiful, but, warm, charming and a hard worker”.                                              - J. P. Lehnertz ARMOR ALL                 “Your product narration was outstanding and was enjoyed by everyone. We look forward to continued business with you."                                                                                   -Joe Scriff MITUTOYO喜爱的引言还不够文艺，没发现引言你关注的主页MusicLisa McClowry's Rock the 80s ShowBooksWhere the Birds Never SingMoviesThe Midwest Independent Film Festival运动队Chic Honey Bears其他Lee Ann Marie Productions, Inc. 、TUCCI 、 Tucci's Furniture/Leonardo Furniture Galleries、Fonck Films 、 Londo Mondo、Donna j. West Art Studio 、 Make It Better、Karen Nicholson-Realtor 、 LYFE Kitchen、Dancewerks 、 Casa de la Sirena、Casimere Jollette 、 Lisa Mcclowry Works of ART、Olga Pearson 、 Fr. James Martin, SJ、 ClickHole、Liftomatic Elevator Company 、Jaffe Films Inc 、 Jesus Daily、Juicing Vegetables 、 David McNulty、Cora Evans 、Thanksgiving Time 、 HELLO BEAUTIFUL SALON & SPA     hellobeautiful-salon.com、I Love Jesus 、 Pray The Holy Rosary Daily、Loving Jesus Divine Mercy 、Bible Studies 、 Traditional Roman Catholic、Illinois Lacrosse Forum 、Move Wild 、 SCENE Chicago、Ginda Photography 、Filmed Here 、 Northwestern Specialists in Plastic Surgery, S.C.、Through The Eyes Of John Hughes 、 Save Ferris's Room、Annette Thurman's Pilates Page 、Chicago Health Magazine 、 PerezHilton.com、Catholic Exchange 、 Dawn Timmeney FOX 29、Northern Illinois Radio Information Service 、Bucketfeet 、 COMPASSION、Dr. Dusa's Iron Hour 、 Zeigler Maserati、H20 At Home-Melissa Eartly, Independent Advisor 、HAUTE WAVE - Summer Fashion with a View 、 Kosa Salon、Real Estate Rumble 、Traffic Stops Where Love Begins 、 Candelabra、Zeigler Fiat of Schaumburg 、The Song is the Vehicle 、 Mississippi Monograms展开照片+93查看更多照片其他也叫 Lee Ann Marie 的人Annmarie Lyons（Ann Marie Lee）Lee Ann Marie BautistaMarie Ann LeeAnn Marie LeeLee Ann Marie Irlandez（Make me Smile）Ann Marie LeeAnn-marie LeeAnn-Marie Lee（Annie）查看更多名叫“Lee Ann Marie”的用户其他名字相似的用户Hanna MarieAnn Waterman RoyAnna Marie Asedillo QuisilTyler Ann Clark联系方式网站http://www.leeannmarieproductions.comhttp://www.houzz.com/pro/leeannmarie/lee-ann-marie-productions'><imghttp://www.houzz.com/pic/badge36_36_2.png?v=1306'中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

































Error ConnectYourDomain occurred

Regardless, we recommend you to update your browser.









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































JCPenney

true


2017.12.2.0.4.0

find a store
store ads
gift cards
registry



my account

recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view




  
                    

                            (sign out)
                            






my account


recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view





































Your Store:



select store









0

my bag

$
0.00











2017.12.2.0.4.0
 
		
			***************************************************				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:06 CDT 2017 
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j2_04
			***************************************************
		
	


 
		
			***************************************************
			S1 freeShippingZone SLOT				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:06 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j1_04        
			***************************************************
		
	








true





true

SearchResults





				 163
								163
								RESULTS for
						  
				

					
							"lee"
						
				







narrow by


Store Availability



													clear
												



																		online only(87)
																	



																		same day pick up(113)
																	




Gender



													clear
												



																		women(82)
																	



																		mens(63)
																	



																		boys(9)
																	



																		unisex(4)
																	



																		girls(3)
																	




Product Type



													clear
												



																		jeans(56)
																	



																		pants(41)
																	



																		shorts(28)
																	



																		capris + cropped(16)
																	



																		shirts + tops(14)
																	


SEE MORE




Size Range



													clear
												



																		big tall size(12)
																	



																		misses size(28)
																	



																		petites size(27)
																	



																		plus size(31)
																	



																		regular size(61)
																	


SEE MORE




Item Type



													clear
												



																		straight leg jeans(19)
																	



																		flat front pants(17)
																	



																		trousers(13)
																	



																		cargo shorts(10)
																	



																		cropped pants(7)
																	


SEE MORE




Color


clear



															beige(48)
														



															black(85)
														



															blue(116)
														



															brown(30)
														



															gray(37)
														


SEE MORE




Fit



													clear
												



																		relaxed fit(28)
																	



																		regular fit(25)
																	



																		slim fit(12)
																	



																		loose fit(10)
																	


SEE MORE




Size



													clear
												



																		10(25)
																	



																		14(24)
																	



																		16(21)
																	



																		18(20)
																	



																		4 petite(23)
																	


SEE MORE




Leg Style



													clear
												



																		straight leg(71)
																	



																		bootcut(9)
																	



																		tapered leg(7)
																	



																		slim leg(3)
																	


SEE MORE




Price Range



													clear
												




-

Go





															$20 - $24(30)
														



															$25 - $29(13)
														



															$30 - $39(15)
														



															$40 - $49(50)
														


SEE MORE




Average Rating


clear



5
5 rating(6)




4
4 rating(83)




3
3 rating(20)




2
2 rating(1)




0
unrated(24)





Deals & Promotions



													clear
												



																		buy more and save(42)
																	



																		CLEARANCE(30)
																	



																		SALE(29)
																	



																		BUY MORE AND SAVE WITH CODE: FORYOU28(1)
																	


SEE MORE








"?Ntt=lee&utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=paid%20search&cid=paid%20search%7Cbing%7CM_BN_Lee%7CM_Lee_BMOD&dclid=CIvyyJbupNUCFU8qlgodg7MIGQ&;jsessionid=bKd6mEcPRWbnPp3JAkGGoIFMgpIPPDh09Q-4m3O0vdhR312kRJqS!-1316860403visPageName=lee&isManualVisNavConfigured="
"/j/visnav/search/lee?Ntt=lee&utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=paid%20search&cid=paid%20search%7Cbing%7CM_BN_Lee%7CM_Lee_BMOD&dclid=CIvyyJbupNUCFU8qlgodg7MIGQ&;jsessionid=bKd6mEcPRWbnPp3JAkGGoIFMgpIPPDh09Q-4m3O0vdhR312kRJqS!-1316860403visPageName=lee&isManualVisNavConfigured="
"/edge/j/visnav/search/lee?Ntt=lee&utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=paid%20search&cid=paid%20search%7Cbing%7CM_BN_Lee%7CM_Lee_BMOD&dclid=CIvyyJbupNUCFU8qlgodg7MIGQ&;jsessionid=bKd6mEcPRWbnPp3JAkGGoIFMgpIPPDh09Q-4m3O0vdhR312kRJqS!-1316860403visPageName=lee&isManualVisNavConfigured="
 
		
			***************************************************
			Visual Nav				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:06 CDT 2017 
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j2_04       
			***************************************************
		











JEANS (57)









Shirts (14)









Pants (40)









Shorts (28)






 
		
			***************************************************
			S2-S4 marketing SLOTS				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p02.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:06 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j6_02        
			***************************************************
		







related searches:


lee pants
womens lee shorts
lee relaxed fit
women lees relaxed fit at the waist jeans
boys lee jeans
lee classic fit straight leg jeans
levis
lee relaxed fit 1889
gloria vanderbilt
lee capris






			sort by:
			
best match



							best match
						

new arrivals
best sellers
price low - high
price high - low
ratings high - low



showing items: 
			1-24 of 163

items per page: 24 | 72

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
























































  
						$29.99
								- 
								$44 
					


												Lee® Plain Front All Day Pants
											


 3.92  (534)
										
















































  
						$29.99
								- 
								$44 
					


												Lee® Relaxed Fit Denim Jeans
											


 3.73  (1769)
										





























					$14.99
									clearance


			$44 original
		


												Lee® Plain Front All Day Pants
											


 3.09  (11)
										






















































View More


  
						$29.99
								- 
								$44 
					


												Lee® Regular-Fit Straight-Leg Jeans
											


 4.53  (1228)
										






















































View More


  
						$46	 
					


												Lee® Wyoming Belted Cargo Shorts
											


 4.58  (126)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF





















































View More


  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Cameron Denim Crops
											


 4.68  (98)
										














































  
						$48	 
					


												Lee All Day Pant Plus
											


 4.35  (492)
										






















































View More


  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Carsen 23 1/2" Capri
											


 4.61  (57)
										











×
Rebate Form


Don't see a form? The form may be on an external web page. Click here to send via email.





Close










true


















lee
lee
lee


























Lee Plus Size for Women - JCPenney


















true


2017.12.2.0.4.0

find a store
store ads
gift cards
registry



my account

recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view




  
                    

                            (sign out)
                            






my account


recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view





































Your Store:



select store









0

my bag

$
0.00











2017.12.2.0.4.0
 
		
			***************************************************				
			HOST NAME :-> lenldtaexpr1p01.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:07 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1l1j5_01         
			***************************************************
		
	

Womens_Apparel


Loading...

 
		
			***************************************************
			S1 freeShippingZone SLOT				
			HOST NAME :-> lenldtaexpr1p01.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:07 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1l1j5_01        
			***************************************************
		
	
















true

Category:women (20000013)
lee plus size - women
dept20000013
women




					31
					 	  	products for
					 	  
				

					LEE PLUS SIZE - WOMEN 
				







your selections



												lee
											



												plus size
											



												plus extended size
											



												plus long size
											



												plus petite size
											



												plus short size
											


narrow by


Store Availability



													clear
												



																		online only(20)
																	



																		same day pick up(13)
																	




Item Type



													clear
												



																		straight leg jeans(6)
																	



																		trousers(5)
																	



																		skinny jeans(5)
																	



																		capris(3)
																	



																		bermuda shorts(2)
																	


SEE MORE




Product Type



													clear
												



																		jeans(13)
																	



																		capris + cropped(7)
																	



																		pants(6)
																	



																		shorts(5)
																	




Size Range



													clear
												



																		plus size(31)
																	



																		plus long size(2)
																	



																		plus petite size(6)
																	



																		misses size(27)
																	



																		misses long size(5)
																	



																		petites size(27)
																	



																		petites short size(5)
																	



																		tall size(6)
																	


SEE MORE




Size



													clear
												



																		16w(25)
																	



																		18w(24)
																	



																		20w(23)
																	



																		22w(24)
																	



																		24w(23)
																	


SEE MORE




Color


clear



															beige(7)
														



															black(15)
														



															blue(25)
														



															gray(4)
														



															white(4)
														


SEE MORE




Brand



													clear
												



																		lee(31)
																	



																		boutique +(171)
																	



																		liz claiborne(216)
																	



																		st. john`s bay(133)
																	



																		white mark(65)
																	



																		worthington(216)
																	


SEE MORE




Average Rating


clear



5
5 rating(2)




4
4 rating(12)




3
3 rating(6)




0
unrated(5)









 
		
			***************************************************
			S2-S4 marketing SLOTS				
			HOST NAME :-> lenldtaexpr1p01.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:07 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1l1j3_01        
			***************************************************
		









			sort by:
			
featured



							featured
						

new arrivals
best sellers
price low - high
price high - low
ratings high - low



showing items: 
			1-24 of 31

items per page: 24 | view all

1
2

















































  
						$48	 
					


												Lee All Day Pant Plus
											


 4.35  (492)
										































  
						$54	 
					


												Lee Denim Rolled Crop- Plus
											


 4.75  (4)
										




































  
						$54	 
					


												Lee Relaxed Carsen Capri-Plus
											


 4  (1)
										


























  
						$54	 
					


												Lee Belted Denim Skimmer- Plus
											


 5  (1)
										




































  
						$54	 
					


												Lee Relaxed Edy Skimmer- Plus
											


 3  (1)
										































  
						$54	 
					


												Lee Cropped Pants-Plus
											


 4  (1)
										















					$21.99
									clearance


			$44 original
		


												Lee Midrise Straight Leg Jean- Plus
											




























					$22.99
									clearance


			$54 original
		


												Lee Curvy Publisher Bootcut Pant- Plus
											


 3  (1)
										











×
Rebate Form


Don't see a form? The form may be on an external web page. Click here to send via email.





Close










true














































Lee Capris & Crops for Women - JCPenney















true


2017.12.2.0.4.0

find a store
store ads
gift cards
registry



my account

recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view




  
                    

                            (sign out)
                            






my account


recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view





































Your Store:



select store









0

my bag

$
0.00











2017.12.2.0.4.0
 
		
			***************************************************				
			HOST NAME :-> lenldtaexpr1p02.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:08 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1l2j4_02         
			***************************************************
		
	

Womens_Apparel


Loading...

 
		
			***************************************************
			S1 freeShippingZone SLOT				
			HOST NAME :-> lenldtaexpr1p02.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:09 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1l2j3_02        
			***************************************************
		
	
















true

Category:capris & crops (cat1007530006)
cat1007530006
dept20000013
capris & crops




					15
					 	  	products for
					 	  
				

					LEE - CAPRIS & CROPS 
				







your selections



												lee
											


narrow by


Store Availability



													clear
												



																		online only(10)
																	



																		same day pick up(9)
																	




Item Type



													clear
												



																		cropped pants(7)
																	



																		capris(5)
																	



																		skimmers(5)
																	



																		workout capris(1)
																	




Size



													clear
												



																		14 petite(7)
																	



																		16 petite(7)
																	



																		4 petite(7)
																	



																		6 petite(6)
																	



																		8 petite(7)
																	


SEE MORE




Size Range



													clear
												



																		misses size(5)
																	



																		petites size(7)
																	



																		plus size(7)
																	




Brand



													clear
												



																		lee(15)
																	



																		alfred dunner(31)
																	



																		made for life(32)
																	



																		st. john`s bay(21)
																	



																		worthington(18)
																	



																		xersion(53)
																	


SEE MORE




Average Rating


clear



5
5 rating(1)




4
4 rating(9)




3
3 rating(1)




0
unrated(2)





Deals & Promotions



													clear
												



																		SALE(3)
																	



																		CLEARANCE(2)
																	








 
		
			***************************************************
			S2-S4 marketing SLOTS				
			HOST NAME :-> lenldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:09 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1l2j4_04        
			***************************************************
		









			sort by:
			
featured



							featured
						

new arrivals
best sellers
price low - high
price high - low
ratings high - low



showing items: 
			1-15 of 15









































  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Lorelie 17" Skimmer
											


 4.5  (8)
										






















































View More


  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Cameron Denim Crops
											


 4.68  (98)
										






















































View More


  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Carsen 23 1/2" Capri
											


 4.61  (57)
										




































  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Belted Denim 17" Skimmer
											


 4  (4)
										



























					$24.99
									sale


			$48 original
		


												Lee Skimmers Petites
											

































					$24.99
									sale


			$48 original
		


												Lee Cropped Pants-Petites
											


 4.43  (7)
										




















































					$24.99
									sale


			$48 original
		


												Lee Cropped Pants-Petites
											


 4  (4)
										




































  
						$54	 
					


												Lee Relaxed Edy Skimmer- Plus
											


 3  (1)
										











×
Rebate Form


Don't see a form? The form may be on an external web page. Click here to send via email.





Close










true














































Lee Jeans for Women: Flare, Bootcut & Curvy Jeans
















true


2017.12.2.0.4.0

find a store
store ads
gift cards
registry



my account

recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view




  
                    

                            (sign out)
                            






my account


recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view





































Your Store:



select store









0

my bag

$
0.00











2017.12.2.0.4.0
 
		
			***************************************************				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p02.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:10 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j4_02         
			***************************************************
		
	

Womens_Apparel


Loading...

 
		
			***************************************************
			S1 freeShippingZone SLOT				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p02.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:10 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j1_02        
			***************************************************
		
	
















true

Category:women (20000013)
WOMEN'S LEE JEANS
dept20000013
women




					81
					 	  	products for
					 	  
				

					WOMEN'S LEE JEANS 
				
WOMEN'S LEE JEANS







narrow by


Store Availability



													clear
												



																		online only(48)
																	



																		same day pick up(45)
																	




Product Type



													clear
												



																		capris + cropped(15)
																	



																		jeans(27)
																	



																		shorts(13)
																	



																		pants(25)
																	



																		skirts(1)
																	




Item Type



													clear
												



																		cropped pants(7)
																	



																		flat front pants(5)
																	



																		skimmers(5)
																	



																		straight leg jeans(13)
																	



																		trousers(13)
																	


SEE MORE




Size Range



													clear
												



																		misses size(27)
																	



																		petites size(27)
																	



																		petites short size(5)
																	



																		plus size(31)
																	



																		plus petite size(6)
																	


SEE MORE




Denim Fit



													clear
												



																		curvy fit(7)
																	



																		modern fit(8)
																	



																		relaxed fit(16)
																	



																		straight fit(16)
																	


SEE MORE




Leg Style



													clear
												



																		straight leg(36)
																	



																		bootcut(5)
																	



																		tapered leg(4)
																	



																		skinny leg(9)
																	



																		jegging(4)
																	


SEE MORE




Rise



													clear
												



																		at waist(47)
																	



																		mid rise(42)
																	



																		low rise(1)
																	




Average Rating


clear



5
5 rating(2)




4
4 rating(43)




3
3 rating(16)




2
2 rating(1)




0
unrated(11)





Deals & Promotions



													clear
												



																		buy more and save(14)
																	



																		CLEARANCE(16)
																	



																		SALE(10)
																	








 
		
			***************************************************
			S2-S4 marketing SLOTS				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:10 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j6_04        
			***************************************************
		















			sort by:
			
featured



							featured
						

new arrivals
best sellers
price low - high
price high - low
ratings high - low



showing items: 
			1-24 of 81

items per page: 24 | 72

1
2
3
4

























































View More


  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Cameron Denim Crops
											


 4.68  (98)
										






















































View More


  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Carsen 23 1/2" Capri
											


 4.61  (57)
										



















































  
						$44	 
					


												Lee® Rio 10" Bermuda Shorts
											


 4.53  (32)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF























































  
						$44	 
					


												Lee® Essential 6" Chino Shorts
											


 4.73  (60)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF



































  
						$50	 
					


												Lee® Midrise Ankle Jeans
											




BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF








































  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Lorelie 17" Skimmer
											


 4.5  (8)
										














































  
						$44	 
					


												Lee® Henley 10" Cargo Bermuda
											


 4.85  (13)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF













  
						$24.99
								- 
								$48 
					


												Lee® Belted Denim 17" Skimmer
											


 4  (4)
										











×
Rebate Form


Don't see a form? The form may be on an external web page. Click here to send via email.





Close










true






Timeless Lee Jeans for Women
Take part in a legend with our diverse selection of Lee Jeans for women—they’ve been making fine denim for over a hundred years, so they know exactly what they’re doing. From the fabric to the construction, Lee jeans are made with longevity and style in mind. Do yourself a favor and check out the results of this hard-earned heritage, including pants, shorts, and all types of denim that come in every style and wash under the sun!

Grab a pair of classic-fit jeans that both flatter your figure while keeping you comfy all day long. If you’re wanting to give those new boots a whirl around town, be sure to pick up a pair of dark indigo bootcut jeans to complement them. For looking hip and edgy, there’s nothing quite like a pair of skinny cut jeans with just the right amount of distressing for that lived-in look—then wear them with one of your sweet new infinity scarves and a pair of aviator sunglasses to complete your outfit!

Lee collection doesn’t stop a jeans. They have an exciting selection of cargo pants, trousers, and chinos. Their trousers and essential chinos are flattering cuts that will look great on any shape. They are the both work well for numerous occasions. The chinos in particular are excellent for casual events too!

Lee has over 100 years of stylish excellence under their belt. You won’t regret getting yourself a pair of Lee pants for women!
	









































Lee Jeans for Men: Carpenter, Bootcut & Skinny Jeans - JCPenney
















true


2017.12.2.0.4.0

find a store
store ads
gift cards
registry



my account

recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view




  
                    

                            (sign out)
                            






my account


recommendations
track order
ship to
customer service
accessible view





































Your Store:



select store









0

my bag

$
0.00











2017.12.2.0.4.0
 
		
			***************************************************				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:11 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j6_04         
			***************************************************
		
	

Mens_Apparel


Loading...

 
		
			***************************************************
			S1 freeShippingZone SLOT				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:12 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j6_04        
			***************************************************
		
	
















true

Category:men (20000014)
MEN'S LEE JEANS
dept20000014
men




					62
					 	  	products for
					 	  
				

					MEN'S LEE JEANS 
				







your selections



												lee
											


narrow by


Store Availability



													clear
												



																		online only(27)
																	



																		same day pick up(56)
																	




Item Type



													clear
												



																		flat front pants(12)
																	



																		regular fit jeans(8)
																	



																		cargo shorts(7)
																	



																		pleated pants(3)
																	



																		carpenter jeans(3)
																	


SEE MORE




Product Type



													clear
												



																		jeans(22)
																	



																		pants(15)
																	



																		shirts + tops(14)
																	



																		shorts(11)
																	




Size Range



													clear
												



																		big tall size(12)
																	



																		regular size(49)
																	




Size



													clear
												



																		small(11)
																	



																		medium(12)
																	



																		large(11)
																	



																		2x-large(2)
																	



																		2x-large tall(1)
																	


SEE MORE




Color


clear



															beige(17)
														



															black(30)
														



															blue(42)
														



															brown(17)
														



															gray(20)
														


SEE MORE




Brand



													clear
												



																		lee(62)
																	



																		dickies(380)
																	



																		levi's(374)
																	



																		los angeles pop art(1207)
																	



																		stafford(1108)
																	



																		van heusen(331)
																	


SEE MORE




Average Rating


clear



5
5 rating(3)




4
4 rating(39)




3
3 rating(4)




0
unrated(5)









 
		
			***************************************************
			S2-S4 marketing SLOTS				
			HOST NAME :-> colldtaexpr1p04.jcpenney.com
			SERVER NAME :-> www.jcpenney.com
			TIME :-> Tue Jul 25 11:33:12 CDT 2017
			JVM :-> dtexppr1c2j4_04        
			***************************************************
		









			sort by:
			
featured



							featured
						

new arrivals
best sellers
price low - high
price high - low
ratings high - low



showing items: 
			1-24 of 62

items per page: 24 | view all

1
2
3

















  
						$29.99
								- 
								$44 
					


												Lee® Regular-Fit Straight-Leg Jeans
											


 4.53  (1228)
										






















































View More


  
						$46	 
					


												Lee® Wyoming Belted Cargo Shorts
											


 4.58  (126)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF


















































  
						$46	 
					


												Lee® Performance Cargo Shorts
											


 4.75  (61)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF






























  
						$48	 
					


												Lee Modern Series Xtreme Motion Straight Fit
											


 4.72  (54)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF



































  
						$46	 
					


												Lee Riptide Hybrid Cargo Short
											


 4  (4)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF


























					$39.99
									sale


			$47 original
		


												Lee® Total Freedom Flat-Front Pants - Big & Tall
											


 5  (1)
										









































  
						$34	 
					


												Lee® Total Freedom Flat-Front Pants
											


 4.73  (264)
										



BUY 1 GET 1 50% OFF








































  
						$48	 
					


												Lee® Modern Series Bootcut Jeans
											


 4.16  (69)
										











×
Rebate Form


Don't see a form? The form may be on an external web page. Click here to send via email.





Close










true






A must for every man’s arsenal: a few reliable pairs of jeans that have a classic look with a modern flair and a great fit. Lee jeans for men provide high-quality pants for anyone looking to add denim durability and unbeatable style to their everyday look. Keep loose and stay comfortable with the freeing forms of relaxed or bootcut jeans. More of a traditionalist? Stick with what you know and look great in a pair of straight or slim fit pants. Take advantage of extra pocket space with a trusty set of carpenter jeans. Too hot for long pants? Get the same quality you’re used to with a bit less length. From cargo shorts to flat-front shorts—and denim to khaki, Lee shorts give you an attractive summer style and a great way to stay cool. Whether you’re shopping for weekday work attire or weekend casual, our Lee jeans and pants will give you a classic look for a lot less.























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


























Amazon.com: marie lee: Books







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks 























































































1-12 of 771 results for Books : 
"marie lee"


"marie lee" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews





























The View from God's Country: A Historical NovelJun 9, 2017by Marie LeePaperback
$
15
00

PrimeGet it by Thursday, Jul 27FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.54(9 used &amp new offers)Necessary RoughnessJan 3, 1998by Marie G. LeeMass Market Paperback
$
8
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 11 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$0.01(53 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
3
99

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Paperback, Hardcover
3.9 out of 5 stars
32The Wandering Harlot (The Marie Series Book 1)Jun 24, 2014by Iny Lorentz and Lee ChadeayneKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
3
99

to buyWhispersync for Voice-readyPaperback
$
10
99

$14.95PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn StockMore Buying Choices$5.99(12 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.2 out of 5 stars
59Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeRomance Super Bundle 4: Endless LoveNov 28, 2016by Dale Mayer and Lois WinstonKindle Edition
$
0
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.7 out of 5 stars
13









The Lady of the Castle (The Marie Series)Jan 20, 2015by Iny Lorentz and Lee ChadeaynePaperback
$
10
99

$14.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.99(17 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
3
99

to buyAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.3 out of 5 stars
16The Expatriates: A NovelJan 12, 2016 | Unabridgedby Janice Y. K. Lee and Ann Marie LeeAudible Audio Edition$0.00Free with Audible trialKindle Edition
$
9
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Paperback, Hardcover, Audio CD
3.9 out of 5 stars
325Love Drunk Cowboy: Spikes & Spurs Series, Book 1Sep 3, 2012 | Unabridgedby Ann Marie Lee and Tantor AudioAudible Audio Edition$0.00Free with Audible trial
3.4 out of 5 stars
2Best Sellerin Zen SpiritualityThe Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and OrganizingOct 14, 2014by Marie KondōHardcover
$
10
57

$16.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$4.84(377 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
9
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, MP3 CD, Flexibound
4.5 out of 5 stars
12,165Off to College in Home Gift GuideBest Sellerin LawKillers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIApr 18, 2017 | Unabridgedby David Grann and Will PattonAudible Audio Edition$0.00Free with Audible trialAudio CD
$
21
00

$40.00PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$16.78(38 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Kindle Edition, Paperback, Hardcover
4.7 out of 5 stars
742The Legacy of the Wandering Harlot (The Marie Series Book 3)Nov 10, 2015by Iny Lorentz and Lee ChadeayneKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
5
36

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyPaperback
$
15
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn StockMore Buying Choices$15.99(2 used &amp new offers)
4.8 out of 5 stars
5Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeThe Producer's Business Handbook: The Roadmap for the Balanced Film Producer (American Film Market Presents)Dec 7, 2010by John J. Lee Jr. and Anne Marie GillenPaperback
$
28
45

$43.95FREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 8 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$17.00(77 used &amp new offers)Kindle Editionfrom
$
14
59

to rent
$
28
94

to buyAuto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Hardcover
4.6 out of 5 stars
39Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $6.98A Nameless WitchOct 28, 2014 | Unabridgedby A. Lee Martinez and Ann Marie LeeAudible Audio Edition$0.00Free with Audible trialKindle Edition
$
7
99

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Paperback, Hardcover, Mass Market Paperback, MP3 CD
4.4 out of 5 stars
86












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
65
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryBooksHistoricalContemporary Literature & FictionArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpTeen & Young AdultTravelSee moreRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonAuthorMary LeeMary Lee SettleMary Higgins ClarkCharlaine HarrisCarolyn HartLee ChildKaren RobardsLisa UngerLee ChadeayneAllison BrennanKevin HoganAmanda Kyle WilliamsMary Lin BrewerRosa Lee JudeMarie BrennanSee moreForeign Language TypeSpanishBook SeriesBeulah QuintetBailey RuthLucy Kincaid NovelsDr. Charlotte StoneLegends of Graham MansionFBI ProfilerClockwork PhoenixFBI TrilogySpikes & SpursMarieMiaKeye StreetThe Seven Deadly SinsMahoney and Me Mystery SeriesSee moreKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleBook LanguageEnglishFrenchLiterature GenreHistoricalMystery & DetectiveShort StoriesAction & AdventureChristianFantasyHorrorHumorLGBTRomanceScience FictionThrillers & SuspenseWar & MilitaryWomen's FictionAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates































Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Simplify your life with Amazon PrimeWhere savings happen and entertainment lives. 







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 













Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












v



































Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























