





Leer, Steven F. - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Steven F. Leer
STEVEN F. LEER has served as the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Arch Coal, Inc., since the company was formed in July
1997. Prior to the formation of Arch Coal, Mr. Leer served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Mineral
Corporation, one of Arch Coal’s predecessor companies. Mr. Leer
also held executive management positions with The Valvoline
Company, a subsidiary of Ashland Inc., and Ashland Coal, Inc. Mr.
Leer graduated from the University of the Pacific with a BS in
Electrical Engineering in 1975. He received his MBA from
Washington University’s Olin School of Business in 1977. The
University of the Pacific awarded him an honorary doctorate in
May 1993.
Related Interviews:Steven Leer - Arch Coal Inc (aci)December 03, 2002Steven F. Leer -  Arch Coal Inc (aci)November 03, 1997







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Steven F. Leer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 1:34 PM ET
Building Products

Company Overview of USG Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Steven F. Leer  Non-Executive Chairman, USG CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships64$230,050
Background

		Mr. Steven F. Leer, also known as Steve, has been Non-Executive Chairman of USG Corporation since November 1, 2016 and served as its Lead Director since January 1, 2012. Mr. Leer has been Lead Independent Director at Norfolk Southern Corporation since May 09, 2013 and has been its Independent Director since 1999. Mr. Leer has been an Independent Director of Cenovus Energy Inc. since April 29, 2015. He serves as Independent Director of Parsons Corporation. He has been ... an Independent Director of Norfolk Southern Corp. and Southern Railway Co. Mobile & Ohio RR Co. since 1999. He has been a Director of USG Corporation since June 2005. He serves on the boards of the BRT and the University of the Pacific. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Arch Coal Inc. from 1992 to April 26, 2012 and served as its President from 1992 to April 28, 2006. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Mineral Corporation, one of Arch Coal's predecessor companies. He also held senior management positions with The Valvoline Company, a subsidiary of Ashland Inc. He served as an Executive Chairman of Arch Coal Inc. from April 28, 2006 to April 24, 2014 and served as its Executive Director from 1992 to April 24, 2014. He served as a Director of GP Natural Resource Partners LLC, the General Partner of Natural Resource Partners LP since April 2002. He serves as District Chairman of the New Horizons District, Greater St. Louis Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America. He served as the Chairman of Center for Energy and Economic Development, the National Coal Council and the National Mining Association. He serves on the boards of the Western Business Roundtable and the Mineral Information Institute. He serves as a Director at the Greater St. Louis Area Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Leer serves as a Trustee of Washington University, St. Louis. He serves on the boards of the Center for Energy and Economic Development, the National Coal Council and the National Mining Association. He is a member of The Business Roundtable and the National Association of Manufacturers. In addition, he is a delegate to the Coal Industry Advisory Board of the International Energy Agency in Paris. Mr. Leer holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of the Pacific and an MBA from Washington University's Olin School of Business. Mr. Leer was awarded an honorary doctorate by University of the Pacific in May 1993.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
550 West Adams StreetChicago, Illinois 60661United StatesPhone: 312-436-4000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Independent DirectorParsons CorporationTrusteeWashington University, St. Louis1992-PresentChairman of Arch Coal, IncArch Western Resources LLC1999-PresentLead Independent DirectorNorfolk Southern Corporation1999-PresentDirectorSouthern Railway Co. Mobile & Ohio RR Co.2005-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanUSG Corporation2015-PresentIndependent DirectorCenovus Energy Inc.
Education
BS University of the PacificHonorary Doctorate 1993Olin Business School, Washington University in St. LouisMBA Olin Business School, Washington University in St. Louis
Other Affiliations
Parsons CorporationArch Coal, Inc.Norfolk Southern CorporationNatural Resource Partners L.P.GP Natural Resource Partners LLCSouthern Railway Co. Mobile & Ohio RR Co.Washington University, St. LouisUniversity of the PacificArch Western Resources LLCOlin Business School, Washington University in St. LouisCenovus Energy Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$110,050Total Calculated Compensation$230,050




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWilliam Bradley Southern CEO & DirectorLouisiana-Pacific Corporation$408.6KDavid L. Goodin Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorMDU Resources Group, Inc.$755.0KDavid B. Powers CEO, President & DirectorEagle Materials Inc.$900.0KHeimo  Scheuch Chairman of Managing Board & Chief Executive OfficerWienerberger AG$1.8MYu  Chen General Manager and DirectorBeijing New Building Materials Public Limited Company--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact USG Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Steven F. Leer Archives | officeinsight





































Search



Toggle navigation












Giving Voice To Those Who Create Workplace Design & Furnishings



View Current Issue








Tag: Steven F. Leer


No content has been published under this topic. Please check back later!







Trending StoriesHow Residential Brands Are Impacting the Contract Furniture SegmentHospitality Meets Office Design in GlasgowHigh-tech Design at CLS Bank by M Moser AssociatesUpcoming Events



							ADFF: Seoul @ Storage							Date: 07.27.2017 - 10.29.2017




							METROCON17 Keynote: Sandy Chilewich and Joe Sultan							Date: 08.10.2017 - 08.11.2017




							IFDA Event Aug. 21: The Impact & Influence of LIGHT on COLOR							Date: 08.21.2017




							ADFF: NOLA							Date: 08.24.2017 - 08.27.2017




							40th CIFF-Shanghai 2017 | Better Life Better Work							Date: 09.11.2017 - 09.14.2017


View All Upcoming Events



 

 




 
 





×
Sign In to officeinsight







Username*







Password*





Login 


Forgot Password | Not a Subscriber? 







×
Search officeinsight




Search





 







×




Close 








×
Remove Subaccount


You are about to delete  from your subscription. Please confirm that you want to proceed with this action. All of their information will be removed.

Continue 
 







×
Add Subaccount





Contact Information



First Name





Last Name





Email






Username





 Register Subaccount 











×
Cancel Subscription


We're sorry to see you go! By clicking/tapping on the "Continue" button below you acknowledge that you are permanently closing your account, canceling your subscription and will lose access to all online content available on officeinsight and any downloadable files such as PDFs. This change is permanent and cannot be undone aside from creating a new account.


 Close Window Continue 

 







×


















USG Steven F. Leer Insider Trades for USG Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































USG Corp.

                  NYSE: USG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

USG Corp.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 21, 2017, 1:34 p.m.


USG

/quotes/zigman/128874/composite


$
29.23




Change

-0.08
-0.27%

Volume
Volume 605,557
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/128874/composite
Previous close

$
			29.31
		


$
				29.23
			
Change

-0.08
-0.27%





Day low
Day high
$29.01
$29.41










52 week low
52 week high

            $23.71
        

            $34.67
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Steven F. Leer



Mr. Steven F. Leer is Non-Executive Chairman at USG Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at Cenovus Energy, Inc., International Coal Group, Inc., Norfolk Southern Corp., Mineral Information Institute, National Mining Association, The Business Roundtable, The National Coal Council, University of the Pacific, Washington University in St. Louis, Western Business Roundtable and Parsons Corp. Mr. Leer was previously employed as Executive Chairman by Arch Coal, Inc. and President & Chief Executive Officer by Arch Mineral Corp. He also served on the board at Greater Saint Louis Area Council BSA, National Association of Manufacturers, Natural Resource Partners LP and The Center for Energy & Economic Development. He received his undergraduate degree from Pacific University and an MBA from the University of Washington.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/31/2014
4,273


 
Award at $28.09 per share.


120,028


05/29/2013
2,000


 
Disposition at $29.05 per share.


58,100





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Steven F. Leer 
Non-Executive Chairman




Ms. Jennifer F. Scanlon 
President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Dominic A. Dannessa 
Chief Operations & Innovation Officer, EVP




Mr. Matthew F. Hilzinger 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Brian J. Cook 
Chief Administrative Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Mary A. Martin 
Vice President & Associate General Counsel




Mr. Kenneth R. Banas 
Treasurer & Vice President




Ms. Linda  McGovern 
Vice President-Marketing




Ms. Jeanette A. Press 
Vice President & Controller




Ms. Kathleen  Prause 
Manager-Corporate Communications




Mr. Ryan  Flanagan 
Senior Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Chris A. Rosenthal 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Ms. Michelle M. Warner 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Thomas Andrew Burke 
Independent Director




Mr. William H. Hernandez 
Independent Director




Mr. Brian A. Kenney 
Independent Director




Mr. Jose  Armario 
Independent Director




Mr. Matthew  Carter 
Independent Director




Ms. Gretchen R. Haggerty 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard P. Lavin 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:34 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:32pHome-security company ADT could go public by the end of the year
1:26pGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
1:21pEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
1:16pSean Spicer just quit. Should you be next?
1:15pPetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 
1:11pAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
1:11pFTSE 100 ends lower, but retains grip on weekly gain  
1:08pBaker Hughes data show U.S. oil-rig count down for first time in three weeks
1:07pStock market retreats as GE casts pall on earnings season 
1:07pPetIQ shares up 32% in company's market debut 
1:06pHoneywell upgraded to buy from hold at CFRA
1:05pU.S. weekly active oil-rig count down 1 to 764: Baker Hughes
1:05pU.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count down 2 at 950: Baker Hughes
1:05pSeptember WTI oil trades at $45.83/bbl vs. $45.75 before the rig data
12:57pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
12:52pSean Spicer quits as White House press secretary over Scaramucci hire, reports say 
12:36pOil prices drop toward session lows, but gold trades near the day's highs
12:35p White House press secretary Sean Spicer resigns, reports New York Times
12:32pJeff Bezos’s first Instagram post: ‘ROCKET FACTORY COMING SOON’
12:26pThe cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,562.31

-49.47
-0.23%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,381.25

-8.75
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.47

-2.98
-0.12%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































































































Steven F. Leer | Business | stltoday.com



























You are the owner of this image.

 Edit Image
 Add New Image




























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout









Subscribe
Customer service









                                Subscriber services
                            



                                        Contact us
                                    


                                        E-edition
                                    


                                        Contests
                                    


                                        Apps
                                    


                                        Newsletters
                                    



                                Obits
                            




                                Archives
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Law and order
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        Databases
                                    


                                        Obits
                                    


                                        Political Fix
                                    


                                        National politics
                                    


                                        Nation
                                    


                                        Illinois
                                    


                                        Metro
                                    


                                        St. Charles
                                    


                                        Weather
                                    


                                        City crime tracker
                                    


                                        Public salary database
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Cardinals
                                    


                                        Blues
                                    


                                        Mizzou
                                    


                                        SLU
                                    


                                        NFL
                                    


                                        Golf
                                    


                                        Soccer
                                    


                                        Forums
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Chats
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Letters to the editor
                                    


                                        St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists
                                    





                                Business
                            



                                        Top Workplaces
                                    


                                        PR
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Advancing St. Louis
                                    





                                High schools
                            



                                        Schedules
                                    


                                        Schools
                                    


                                        Sports
                                    


                                        Stats
                                    





                                Go! Entertainment
                            



                                        Books
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Comics & games
                                    


                                        Dining
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        Television
                                    


                                        Theater & arts
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        STL 100: Best restaurants
                                    





                                Lifestyles
                            



                                        Advice
                                    


                                        Automotive
                                    


                                        Fashion
                                    


                                        Food and cooking
                                    


                                        Drink
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Home and Garden
                                    


                                        Parenting
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    


                                        Religion
                                    


                                        Travel
                                    


                                        St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists
                                    


                                        Feast Magazine
                                    


                                        St. Louis' Best Bridal
                                    


                                        Ladue News
                                    





                                Annnouncements
                            



                                        Legal notices
                                    


                                        People in Business
                                    


                                        Press releases
                                    


                                        Weddings
                                    





                                Multimedia
                            



                                        Photos
                                    


                                        Videos
                                    


                                        Chats
                                    


                                        Forums
                                    





                                Buy/Sell
                            



                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Real estate
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Print ads
                                    


                                        Newspaper ads
                                    


                                        Page reprints
                                    



                                Weekly Ads
                            




                                Autos
                            




                                Jobs
                            




                                Homes
                            





























                
                Business
                
                    









        
        Steven F. Leer
    


BY JEFFREY TOMICH • jtomich@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8320











jtomich









Feb 27, 2012

 (…)

































































Arch Coal Chairman Steven F. Leer


BY JEFFREY TOMICH • jtomich@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8320














jtomich



 Follow jtomich
            






Close

Get email notifications on jtomich daily!



                                Your notification has been saved.
                            

                                There was a problem saving your notification.
                            

                                    
                                        Whenever jtomich posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.





 Save
                                        


Manage followed notifications










 Follow jtomich
            






Close

Followed notifications



Please log in to use this feature
Log In


Don't have an account? Sign Up Today















As featured on






















        

        
        Arch Coal CEO Leer to retire, remain chairman


John Eaves named successor





















        

        
        Arch Coal CEO's pay jumps 58 percent to $6.6 million


Leer's salary rose 15 percent in last full year as chief executive





















        

        
        St. Louis' $100-million men


The Charter Communications chief tops all of the local CEOs.


























































 View (…) comments













                
                Most popular
                
            







        

        
        Chesterfield Mall facing another change in owners and uncertain future



        

        
        First Missouri Amazon facilities will employ 350 part-timers



        

        
        Developer of former Shriners Hospital site reaches agreement on plan with Frontenac homeowners



        

        
        Price sensitive? Health plans with no out-of-network benefits heat up in employer market



        

        
        Historic tax credit in crosshairs after governor's call for reform









                
                Follow us
                
            
















                
                Business columnists
                
            












        

        
        David Nicklaus - Economy













        

        
        Building Blocks













        

        
        Deb's Retail Details


















                
                Latest in section
                
            










        

        
        Judge OKs $11.2M settlement for hacked Ashley Madison users











        

        
        iParty @ St. Louis Post-Dispatch People's Choice of Southwest Illinois











        

        
        UAW talking to GM about impact of car sales slump on U.S. jobs











        

        
        Lyft forms own autonomous vehicle unit, will open network











        

        
        Stocks open slightly lower













                
                Quick links
                
            












        

        
        David Nicklaus













        

        
        Gas prices














        

        
        Press releases













        

        
        St. Louis CEO pay














        

        
        Stock markets













        

        
        Top workplaces



































        

        
        An evening  with Lyle Lovett!





















        

        
        Get your daily dose of community.





















        

        
        Manage your services





















        

        
        See ads from today's newspaper





























© Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.




















Steven F Leer - Saint Louis, MO | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Steven F Leer in Saint Louis, MO


Steven F Leer

                                                                           Intelius found that Steven F Leer  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Saint Louis, MO.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Steven Forest Leer
Steve F Leer


Get Report Now

Age

Steven F Leer is in his 60s

Steven Has Lived In

Saint Louis, MO
Boca Grande, FL
Sebring, FL

Steven's Relatives

Beverly Leer
Scott Leer







Steven F Leer



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Director at Arch Coal Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Steven? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Steven, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Steven F Leer
Get a Criminal Check on Steven F Leer
Get a Public Record Report on Steven F Leer
Get a People Search Report on Steven F Leer


Steven F Leer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Steven F Leer has lived as well as Steven F Leer's phone numbers and email addresses.




Steven F Leer Has Lived in 5 States
Missouri Address for Steven F Leer


13 B******** B*** 

Saint Louis, MO


Has Lived In

Saint Louis, MO
Boca Grande, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Steven F Leer

(256) ***-**** - Bridgeport, AL 
(314) ***-**** - Saint Louis, MO 
(314) ***-**** - Saint Louis, MO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Steven F Leer

s***e@***.com
s***r@***.com
l**r@***.edu


Get Email Report




Steven F Leer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Steven F Leer's academic history.  Find out which schools Steven F Leer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Steven F Leer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven F Leer Has Attended 2 Schools
University of The Pacific 
Washington University in St. Louis                                             


Steven F Leer's Professional Information
Information regarding Steven F Leer's professional history.  Find out previous places Steven F Leer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Steven F Leer Has Worked at 10 Places
Company: Arch Coal Inc
               Title: Managing Director
Company: Arch Coal Inc
               Title: Chairman
Steven F Leer's Experience
Title: Managing Director
               Company: Arch Coal Inc
Job Details
               U.S.-based Arch Coal, Inc. is one of the world's top coal producers for the global steel and power generation industries, serving customers on five continents. Its network of mining complexes is the most diversified in the United States, spanning every major coal basin in the nation. The company controls more than 5 billion tons of high-quality metallurgical and thermal coal reserves, with access to all major railroads, inland waterways and a growing number of seaborne trade channels.
Title: Chairman
               Company: Arch Coal Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Steven F Leer

 See Steven F Leer's LinkedIn Profile



Steven F Leer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Steven F Leer


Steven F Leer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Steven F Leer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Steven Leer
Username Matches

                  StevenLeer
                  LeerSteven
                  Steven.Leer
                  Leer.Steven
                  Steven_Leer
                  Leer_Steven
                  Steven-Leer
                  Leer-Steven
                  SLeer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Leer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















USG Corp. Announces Leadership Transition | officeinsight

















































Search



Toggle navigation












Giving Voice To Those Who Create Workplace Design & Furnishings



View Current Issue







USG Corp. Announces Leadership Transition


		                	October 1st, 2016  / Chicago, IL        	





James S. Metcalf to Retire as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Effective October 31, 2016
Jennifer F. Scanlon to Succeed Metcalf as President and Chief Executive Officer
Steven F. Leer to Transition to Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
Jennifer F. Scanlon
USG Corporation (NYSE:USG), a leading building products company, today announced that James S. Metcalf will retire as chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer (CEO), effective Oct. 31, 2016. Mr. Metcalf has served as president and chief executive officer since January 2011 and as chairman since December 2011.
Jennifer F. Scanlon, executive vice president, president, International and president, L&W Supply Corporation, will succeed Mr. Metcalf as president and CEO upon his retirement and has been appointed a director of the company, effective immediately. Ms. Scanlon will serve as executive vice president and CEO-elect until Nov. 1, 2016. As part of the leadership transition, Steven F. Leer, lead director, will become non-executive chairman of the board, effective Nov. 1, 2016.
“After more than 35 years with the company and more than a decade in senior leadership roles, including almost six years as president and chief executive officer, I believe that it is the right time for me to move on to the next phase of my professional life and for Jenny to guide USG into its next chapter,” said Mr. Metcalf.
Mr. Metcalf continued, “Together we have executed Our Plan to Win, strengthening and growing our core businesses, diversifying our earnings and differentiating our products and services through innovation. With the announced sale of L&W Supply, a strong balance sheet and a deep, experienced team in place, the company is well prepared for this leadership transition. I have full confidence that Jenny and our management team will continue to provide dynamic leadership to create even greater success for our customers, shareholders and employees.”
“Jenny’s background, skills, and expertise give the board full confidence that she is the right person to serve as the next leader of USG,” said Mr. Leer. “Having served in a variety of positions at USG for almost 14 years, Jenny knows the business intimately and brings great insight to this role. She played a leadership role in developing and executing the company’s strategy, including the establishment of the USG Boral joint venture and in returning L&W Supply to profitability. Jenny’s promotion is a reflection of the board’s long-standing succession planning, and we are pleased to have an executive as qualified as Jenny take the reins and lead USG as it moves into its next phase of growth and value creation. We thank Jim for his outstanding leadership of USG over the years, taking over during challenging market conditions, restoring the company to profitability and putting it on sound financial footing.”
“I am excited to take on the role of president and CEO at USG, an outstanding company with innovative products, dedicated employees, clear growth prospects and a solid financial foundation,” said Ms. Scanlon. “These strengths give me great confidence that we are prepared for the next phase of the company’s future. I look forward to working closely with USG’s executive team and employees across the company. Together, we will build on our significant momentum and deliver value for our shareholders, customers, partners and employees.”
About Jennifer Scanlon
Jennifer Scanlon is executive vice president; president, International, president, L&W Supply Corporation, and CEO-elect. She is also a director on the USG Board of Directors and the chairman of the board of USG Boral Building Products. Scanlon leads USG’s international joint ventures across Asia, Australasia and the Middle East. Her previous assignments at USG include vice president and chief information officer and head of corporate strategy. Scanlon joined USG in 2003 as the director of supply chain and customer relationship strategy.
Prior to USG, Scanlon was a senior vice president for Bricker & Associates, Inc., a management consulting firm that specialized in assisting Fortune 500 organizations dramatically increasing profits through operational improvement. She began her career at IBM, serving in various operational and consulting roles.
Scanlon graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1988 with a B.A. in government and computer applications. She earned an MBA in finance and marketing from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1992. Scanlon serves on the boards of theChicago Council of Global Affairs and of Shore Community Services, Inc. Scanlon is a member of the Economic Club of Chicago and the Executives’ Club of Chicago.
About Steven Leer
Steven Leer has been a director of USG since June 2005, and lead director since January 2012. He serves as chair of the Governance Committee and a member of its Compensation and Organization Committee. Mr. Leer retired as chairman of Arch Coal, Inc. in 2014 after having served in that position since April 2006. He was also the chief executive officer of Arch Coal, Inc. until April 2012. Mr. Leer is a director of Norfolk Southern Corporation, Cenovus Energy Inc. and Parsons Corporation. He is a former director of the Greater St. Louis Area Boy Scouts of America and the National Association of Manufacturers.
About USG Corporation
USG Corporation is a manufacturer and distributor of innovative, high-performance building systems through its United States Gypsum Company, USG Interiors, LLC, and L&W Supply Corporation subsidiaries and its USG Boral Building Products joint venture. Headquartered in Chicago, USG’s worldwide operations serve the commercial, residential, and repair and remodel construction markets, enabling our customers to build the outstanding spaces where people live, work and play. USG wall, ceiling, exterior sheathing, flooring underlayment and roofing systems provide leading-edge building solutions, while L&W Supply branch locations efficiently stock and deliver building materials throughout the United States. USG Boral Building Products is a leading plasterboard & ceilings joint venture across Asia, Australasia, and the Middle East. For additional information, visit www.usg.com.
 


		 Tags: James S. Metcalf | Jennifer F. Scanlon | Steven F. Leer | USG














Press Release  Please follow these steps to send press releases:

Compose email addressed to pressrelease@officeinsight.com
Put press release text in the body of the email
Attach low resolution JPEG photo (150 dpi)

Upcoming Events



							ADFF: Seoul @ Storage							Date: 07.27.2017 - 10.29.2017




							METROCON17 Keynote: Sandy Chilewich and Joe Sultan							Date: 08.10.2017 - 08.11.2017




							IFDA Event Aug. 21: The Impact & Influence of LIGHT on COLOR							Date: 08.21.2017




							ADFF: NOLA							Date: 08.24.2017 - 08.27.2017




							40th CIFF-Shanghai 2017 | Better Life Better Work							Date: 09.11.2017 - 09.14.2017


View All Upcoming Events



 
 




×











×
Share: USG Corp. Announces Leadership Transition



Please complete the below form. All fields are required.
Who Should We Send This To?Recipient Email  Address:*

And Who Are You?Your Name:*Your Email Address:*

CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Send 










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 







 
 





×
Sign In to officeinsight







Username*







Password*





Login 


Forgot Password | Not a Subscriber? 







×
Search officeinsight




Search





 







×




Close 








×
Remove Subaccount


You are about to delete  from your subscription. Please confirm that you want to proceed with this action. All of their information will be removed.

Continue 
 







×
Add Subaccount





Contact Information



First Name





Last Name





Email






Username





 Register Subaccount 











×
Cancel Subscription


We're sorry to see you go! By clicking/tapping on the "Continue" button below you acknowledge that you are permanently closing your account, canceling your subscription and will lose access to all online content available on officeinsight and any downloadable files such as PDFs. This change is permanent and cannot be undone aside from creating a new account.


 Close Window Continue 

 







×


























Steven F. Leer - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven F. Leer
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board at USG Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Steven F. Leer? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven F. Leer's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven F. Leer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven F. Leer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven F. Leer through your network of contacts.
												








Steven F. Leer's Executive Work History


Current


Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, 
USG Corporation


Lead Independent Director, 
Norfolk Southern Corporation


Board Member, 
Cenovus Energy Inc.


Past
To view Steven F. Leer's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
64

 
 


Steven F. Leer's Biography



Mr. Leer retired as Chairman of Arch Coal, Inc., a publicly-traded coal producing company, in 2014 after having served in that position since April 2006. He was also the Chief Executive Officer of Arch Coal, Inc. until April 2012. He is a former director of the Greater St. Louis Area Boy Scouts of America and the National Association of Manufacturers and a former member of the Board of Regents of Washington University in St. Louis. Mr. Leer provides corporate governance insights from his service as Chairman of Arch Coal, Inc. and as a director of other public companies and particular insights regarding business conditions and developments in  ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Leer retired as Chairman of Arch Coal, Inc., a publicly-traded coal producing company, in 2014 after having served in that position since April 2006. He was also the Chief Executive Officer of Arch Coal, Inc. until April 2012. He is a former director of the Greater St. Louis Area Boy Scouts of America and the National Association of Manufacturers and a former member of the Board of Regents of Washington University in St. Louis. Mr. Leer provides corporate governance insights from his service as Chairman of Arch Coal, Inc. and as a director of other public companies and particular insights regarding business conditions and developments in North America from his service on the boards of Cenovus Energy Inc., Norfolk Southern Corporation and Parsons Corporation.
		
Source: USG Corporation on 03/30/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven F. Leer's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven F. Leer. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven F. Leer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven F. Leer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven F. Leer through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven F. Leer


















Steven F. Leer's Connections (395)





Sign up now to view Steven F. Leer's 395 connections »









Phillips S. Baker
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Hecla Mining Company









Ralph S. Cunningham
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Enterprise GP Holdings









John W. Bachmann
Former Board Member, American Airlines Group Inc.









Craig D. Schnuck
Board Member, U.S. Bancorp









Timothy W. Sullivan
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Rev Group









Richard T. O'Brien
Board Member, Xcel Energy Inc.









Judith A. Sprieser
Lead Independent Director, The Allstate Corporation









Joseph A. Carrabba
Board Member, Newmont Mining Corporation









Henry C. Wolf
Former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Norfolk Southern Corporation









P. Michael Hardesty
Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, Business Development, Terminals and International Coke, SunCoke Energy, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 



USG Corporation Announces Leadership Transition | Business Wire


























































USG Corporation Announces Leadership Transition




      James S. Metcalf to Retire as Chairman, President and Chief Executive 
      Officer, Effective October 31, 2016
    

      Jennifer F. Scanlon to Succeed Metcalf as President and Chief Executive 
      Officer
    

      Steven F. Leer to Transition to Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
    





September 23, 2016 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--USG Corporation (NYSE:USG), a leading building products company, today 
      announced that James S. Metcalf will retire as chairman of the board, 
      president and chief executive officer (CEO), effective Oct. 31, 2016. 
      Mr. Metcalf has served as president and chief executive officer since 
      January 2011 and as chairman since December 2011.
    


      Jennifer F. Scanlon, executive vice president, president, International 
      and president, L&W Supply Corporation, will succeed Mr. Metcalf as 
      president and CEO upon his retirement and has been appointed a director 
      of the company, effective immediately. Ms. Scanlon will serve as 
      executive vice president and CEO-elect until Nov. 1, 2016. As part of 
      the leadership transition, Steven F. Leer, lead director, will become 
      non-executive chairman of the board, effective Nov. 1, 2016.
    

      “After more than 35 years with the company and more than a decade in 
      senior leadership roles, including almost six years as president and 
      chief executive officer, I believe that it is the right time for me to 
      move on to the next phase of my professional life and for Jenny to guide 
      USG into its next chapter,” said Mr. Metcalf.
    

      Mr. Metcalf continued, “Together we have executed Our Plan to Win, 
      strengthening and growing our core businesses, diversifying our earnings 
      and differentiating our products and services through innovation. With 
      the announced sale of L&W Supply, a strong balance sheet and a deep, 
      experienced team in place, the company is well prepared for this 
      leadership transition. I have full confidence that Jenny and our 
      management team will continue to provide dynamic leadership to create 
      even greater success for our customers, shareholders and employees.”
    

      “Jenny’s background, skills, and expertise give the board full 
      confidence that she is the right person to serve as the next leader of 
      USG,” said Mr. Leer. “Having served in a variety of positions at USG for 
      almost 14 years, Jenny knows the business intimately and brings great 
      insight to this role. She played a leadership role in developing and 
      executing the company’s strategy, including the establishment of the USG 
      Boral joint venture and in returning L&W Supply to profitability. 
      Jenny’s promotion is a reflection of the board’s long-standing 
      succession planning, and we are pleased to have an executive as 
      qualified as Jenny take the reins and lead USG as it moves into its next 
      phase of growth and value creation. We thank Jim for his outstanding 
      leadership of USG over the years, taking over during challenging market 
      conditions, restoring the company to profitability and putting it on 
      sound financial footing.”
    

      “I am excited to take on the role of president and CEO at USG, an 
      outstanding company with innovative products, dedicated employees, clear 
      growth prospects and a solid financial foundation,” said Ms. Scanlon. 
      “These strengths give me great confidence that we are prepared for the 
      next phase of the company’s future. I look forward to working closely 
      with USG’s executive team and employees across the company. Together, we 
      will build on our significant momentum and deliver value for our 
      shareholders, customers, partners and employees.”
    

About Jennifer Scanlon


      Jennifer Scanlon is executive vice president; president, International, 
      president, L&W Supply Corporation, and CEO-elect. She is also a director 
      on the USG Board of Directors and the chairman of the board of USG Boral 
      Building Products. Scanlon leads USG’s international joint ventures 
      across Asia, Australasia and the Middle East. Her previous assignments 
      at USG include vice president and chief information officer and head of 
      corporate strategy. Scanlon joined USG in 2003 as the director of supply 
      chain and customer relationship strategy.
    

      Prior to USG, Scanlon was a senior vice president for Bricker & 
      Associates, Inc., a management consulting firm that specialized in 
      assisting Fortune 500 organizations dramatically increasing profits 
      through operational improvement. She began her career at IBM, serving in 
      various operational and consulting roles.
    

      Scanlon graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1988 with a B.A. 
      in government and computer applications. She earned an MBA in finance 
      and marketing from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 
      1992. Scanlon serves on the boards of the Chicago Council of Global 
      Affairs and of Shore Community Services, Inc. Scanlon is a member of the 
      Economic Club of Chicago and the Executives’ Club of Chicago.
    

About Steven Leer


      Steven Leer has been a director of USG since June 2005, and lead 
      director since January 2012. He serves as chair of the Governance 
      Committee and a member of its Compensation and Organization Committee. 
      Mr. Leer retired as chairman of Arch Coal, Inc. in 2014 after having 
      served in that position since April 2006. He was also the chief 
      executive officer of Arch Coal, Inc. until April 2012. Mr. Leer is a 
      director of Norfolk Southern Corporation, Cenovus Energy Inc. and 
      Parsons Corporation. He is a former director of the Greater St. Louis 
      Area Boy Scouts of America and the National Association of Manufacturers.
    

About USG Corporation


      USG Corporation is a manufacturer and distributor of innovative, 
      high-performance building systems through its United States Gypsum 
      Company, USG Interiors, LLC, and L&W Supply Corporation subsidiaries and 
      its USG Boral Building Products joint venture. Headquartered in Chicago, 
      USG's worldwide operations serve the commercial, residential, and repair 
      and remodel construction markets, enabling our customers to build the 
      outstanding spaces where people live, work and play. USG wall, ceiling, 
      exterior sheathing, flooring underlayment and roofing systems provide 
      leading-edge building solutions, while L&W Supply branch locations 
      efficiently stock and deliver building materials throughout the United 
      States. USG Boral Building Products is a leading plasterboard & ceilings 
      joint venture across Asia, Australasia, and the Middle East. For 
      additional information, visit www.usg.com.
    

Forward Looking Statements


This press release contains forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 related 
      to management’s expectations about future conditions, including but not 
      limited to, management's expectation about USG’s future performance. 
      Actual business, market or other conditions may differ materially from 
      management’s expectations and, accordingly, may affect our sales and 
      profitability or other results and liquidity. Any forward-looking 
      statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied 
      upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Actual results 
      may differ materially due to various other factors, including: economic 
      conditions, such as the levels of new home and other construction 
      activity, employment levels, the availability of mortgage, construction 
      and other financing, mortgage and other interest rates, housing 
      affordability and supply, the levels of foreclosures and home resales, 
      currency exchange rates and consumer confidence; our ability to maintain 
      or achieve price increases; our substantial indebtedness and our ability 
      to incur substantial additional indebtedness; capital markets conditions 
      and the availability of borrowings under our credit agreement or other 
      financings; competitive conditions, such as price, service and product 
      competition; certain of our customers having significant buying power; 
      the loss of one or more major customers and our customers’ ability to 
      meet their financial obligations to us; shortages in raw materials or 
      changes in raw material and energy costs; our ability to successfully 
      operate the joint venture with Boral Limited, including risks that our 
      joint venture partner, Boral Limited, may not fulfill its obligations as 
      an investor or may take actions that are inconsistent with our 
      objectives; volatility in the assumptions used to determine the funded 
      status of our pension plans; our ability to protect our intellectual 
      property and other proprietary rights; a security breach of company 
      information; changes in laws or regulations, including environmental and 
      safety regulations; the outcome in legal and governmental proceedings; 
      the occurrence of an “ownership change” within the meaning of the 
      Internal Revenue Code; the effects of acts of terrorism or war upon 
      domestic and international economies and financial markets; and acts of 
      God. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking information 
      contained in this press release. Additional information concerning these 
      and other factors may be found in our filings with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, including the “Risk Factors” in our most recent 
      Annual Report on Form 10-K.





Contacts

      USG CorporationMediaKathleen Prause, 312-436-6607kprause@usg.comorInvestorsRyan 
      Flanagan, 312-436-5304investorrelations@usg.com















Contacts

      USG CorporationMediaKathleen Prause, 312-436-6607kprause@usg.comorInvestorsRyan 
      Flanagan, 312-436-5304investorrelations@usg.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


























Truck Caps, Toppers, Camper Shells & Tonneau Covers by LEER | Fiberglass






















































What Fits My Truck?

Get a Coupon

Find a Dealer

LEER Products

Truck Caps

Tonneaus

Commercial Caps

Accessories

LEER Fleet


About LEER

About LEER

Company Information

What Makes LEER #1

How Your LEER is Made

Job Opportunities


Ownership

FAQ

Warranty Registration Form

Service, Maintenance and Repair

Fuel Savings

Owner's Manual & Installation Documents


Learn More

Video Gallery

Brochures

Información en Español


Contact LEER


























Mail-in rebate specials
What fits my truck?
Find a dealer











Truck Caps


 100XQ 100XL 100XR 100R 180XL 180XR 180 122 180CC 100RCC DCC



 Learn MoreUnique throughout the industry, each LEER Model 100XQ is styled with body lines, details and other design elements inspired by the truck model it is made for.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe 100XL goes SUVs one better, securing and protecting valuable cargo that doesn't belong in the back seat.  A LEER custom-fit premium cap, the 100XL features SUV-style side windows with twist-out vents and an all-glass rear door with the LEER Twist Handle.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe 100XR offers a useful combination of form, function and style, with a curved all-glass rear door, center-mounted LEER flip lock, and 50/50 side sliding windows with screens.
   
 

 Learn MoreRugged, reliable, and cost-effective, the famous LEER 100R is a great way to protect your pickup truck and the cargo you carry.   Take advantage of LEER's long list of options to add the special features and functions you want.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe Model 180XL Midrise truck cap encloses 20% more space than a cab-high cap yet offers sleek, SUV-like styling, large tinted side windows, hidden frames and twist-out fresh-air vents with screens.

 

 Learn MoreThe Model 180XR Midrise truck cap combines many of the most sought-after features in one stylish, economical unit.  It encloses 20% more space than a cab-high cap with a one-piece curved tinted glass rear door, a center-mounted LEER Flip Handle lock and reliable 50/50 framed side sliding windows with screens for maximum interior ventilation.

 

 Learn MoreThe Model 180 mid-rise cap encloses 20% more space than a cab-high cap, and has a full-height door to make loading and unloading easy.  If you ever use your truck for bulky cargo, pets, plants, or overnight shelter, you'll really appreciate the extra room.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe famous Model 122 takes everything that's great about our cab-high caps to a higher profile.  The oversized door and added clearance mean more capacity and headroom. When you need to protect, secure and transport bulky items, the high-rise design of the 122 can do things no other truck cap can.
   
 

 Learn MoreSimilar in construction and features to the LEER Model 100RCC fiberglass commercial cap, but in a mid-rise height, the Model 180CC adds over 3" of interior clearance and bigger, taller door opening.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe LEER Model 100RCC turns the industry's most popular fiberglass cap into a true commercial workhorse, with structural reinforcement to handle tough jobs while looking great with custom-fit fiberglass and paint to match your truck color.  It's the perfect combination of style and substance.
   
 

 Learn MoreLEER makes a complete lineup of caps with strong but lightweight TIG-welded aluminum frames and tough .035 aluminum exteriors, under the famous LEER DCC brand name.
   



Tonneaus


 750 Sport 700 550 Ricochet XRT by LEER Ricochet by LEER Trilogy by LEER Velocity by LEER Trilogy X2T by LEER Shop By Make



 Learn MoreMADE FOR EACH OTHER
Introducing the LEER 750 Sport, the OEM-inspired tonneau cover designed with dimensional, aerodynamic styling and premium standard features, the 750 Sport is the most striking tonneau on the road today.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe tonneau that started a revolution!  The LEER 700 showed truck lovers that tonneaus don't have to be boring - they can be beautiful!  The style lines and high-dimension details capture the essence of each truck model they fit.  Get the best, the original high-dimension tonneau, the famous LEER 700.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe new 550 is a dramatic low-profile expanse of gleaming fiberglass with the custom fit and reliable performance that made LEER famous, now including a convenient rear-mounted flip-Lock handle with rotary latches, gas props with adjustable SuperLift assist, LEER 4-bar hinges, and a front-mounted FlexSeal. Headliner, Interior Lighting and Keyless Remote Unlock are available as factory-installed options.
   
 

 Learn MoreRicochet XRT by LEER™ is a versatile tonneau with the metal look. It’s easy to install in minutes, giving you a secure way to carry your gear. Remove it just as quickly to utilize every inch of your truck bed for larger loads. Ride with it open, closed or partially open. The cover retracts into its canister near the truck cab and can stop every 12 inches along the side rails.
   
 

 Learn MoreRicochet by LEER™ gives you the soft cover look with the security of a metal cover. It’s easy to install in minutes, giving you a secure way to carry your gear. Remove it just as quickly to utilize every inch of your truck bed for larger loads. Ride with it open, closed or partially open. The cover retracts into its canister near the truck cab and can you can stop every 12 inches along the side rails.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe Trilogy by LEER™ folding tonneau cover makes your truck more functional and versatile than ever before. With Trilogy, you can drive with the cover folded down to secure your truck bed, or you can fold it back and drive with two-thirds of the bed open and accessible. And Trilogy is so easy to install and remove, you can simply put it on or take it off whenever you want. No tools required.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe Velocity by LEER™ is an economical, roll-up soft cover with innovative patented and patent-pending features you can’t find anywhere else. Its dual, LEER pinch release latch system (patent-pending) locks down the cover or opens the cover from either side of the bed. There’s nothing else like it.
With Velocity by LEER™, you have the flexibility of an easy-to-use cover at a great value. Roll it back and secure it in place for full access to your truck bed, or unroll it for a sealed bed cover.
When it’s in place, the cover’s aerodynamic profile reduces the wind resistance of your truck, lowering your fuel costs.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe Trilogy X2T by LEER™ is an innovative new tri-fold truck cover, designed with exclusive, patent-pending features that make it unlike any other cover on the road today. Our product designers looked at every component, searching for ways to make the new Trilogy X2T by LEER easier to install and remove, more efficient to use and more secure. Our engineering efforts have also resulted in better water management to protect your cargo. With Trilogy X2T by LEER, you have a dependable, versatile and easy-to-use folding cover that lets you do more at a moment’s notice, no matter how you use your truck.
   
 '									      ;


Commercial Caps


 180CC 100RCC DCC



 Learn MoreSimilar in construction and features to the LEER Model 100RCC fiberglass commercial cap, but in a mid-rise height, the Model 180CC adds over 3" of interior clearance and bigger, taller door opening.
   
 

 Learn MoreThe LEER Model 100RCC turns the industry's most popular fiberglass cap into a true commercial workhorse, with structural reinforcement to handle tough jobs while looking great with custom-fit fiberglass and paint to match your truck color.  It's the perfect combination of style and substance.
   
 

 Learn MoreLEER makes a complete lineup of caps with strong but lightweight TIG-welded aluminum frames and tough .035 aluminum exteriors, under the famous LEER DCC brand name.
   



Accessories

LEER Fleet

About LEER


Ownership

FAQWarranty Registration FormService, Maintenance and RepairFuel SavingsOwner's Manual & Installation Documents


About LEER

About LEERCompany InformationWhat Makes LEER #1How Your LEER is MadeJob Opportunities


Learn More

Video GalleryBrochuresInformación en Español


LEER Dealers

LEER Dealer PortalBecome an Exclusive LEER DealerCap-It LEER Locations Dallas, Texas


LEER Social

NewsTell Us More


Contact LEER




 




COUPON
 
DEALER
 
GET A QUOTE
 





 

FIND THE PERFECT FIT!

 

Year
Choose Your Year

Choose Your Year
2017201620152014201320122011201020092008200720062005200420032002200120001999199819971996199519941993199219911990198919881987198619851984198319821981198019791978197719761975197419731972197119701969196819671966My year is not in this list


Make
 

 


Model
 

 


Cab
 

 


Bed Size
 

 


Bed Style
 

 


Continue
 

Select Truck























GET A COUPONSPECIAL OFFERSReceive a coupon worth up to $150*
GET A COUPON



LEARN MORETHE LEER LOCKERand other accessories
LEARN MORE



LEARN MOREBEDSLIDECustom cargo management track and rail system.
LEARN MORE

 




 




Truck Caps




100XQ 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Designed with elements and lines to match every truck model it's made for. 





100XL 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



A custom-fit premium cap with SUV-style side windows and twist-out vents.



 

100XR 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



A stylish, custom-fit functional cap with sliding side windows and screens. 



 

100R 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Rugged and cost-effective, with options that let you choose what's important



 

180XL 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



SUV styling but with 20% more space. Large tinted windows and twist-out vents. 





180XR 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



An economical mid-rise cap with more room and framed sliding side windows. 



 

180 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



20% more space than a cab-high cap and a full-height door for larger cargo.





122 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Cab-high in front with extra clearance throughout. Tall bay windows in back. 



 

180CC 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Similar to the 100RCC but in a mid-rise height a taller door. Adds 3" of clearance.



 

100RCC 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Turns our most popular cap into a working tool with reinforcement for tough jobs.



 

DCC 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



A complete line of tough aluminum caps with dozens of options for any trade. 












 




Tonneaus




750 Sport 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



The OEM-inspired tonneau cover designed with aerodynamic styling and premium standard features.





700 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



The model that started a design revolution by adding dimension and style lines. 



 

550 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Custom fit, reliable performance and an extraordinary array of quality details. 



 

Ricochet XRT by LEER











Buy Now!

Starting at $1,694



Install or remove in minutes. It’s the retractable tonneau with the rugged metal look. 



 

Ricochet by LEER











Buy Now!

Starting at $1,192



Install or remove in minutes. It’s the retractable tonneau with the soft-cover look and the security of a metal cover. 





Trilogy by LEER











Buy Now!

Starting at $849



Trilogy by LEER folding tonneau covers make your truck more functional and versatile.



 

Velocity by LEER











Buy Now!

Starting at $527



Introducing Velocity by LEER, a roll-up soft tonneau with innovative features you can't find anywhere else. 






Trilogy X2T by LEER











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Introducing The Trilogy X2T by LEER | THE NEXT GENERATION TRI-FOLD



 








 




Commercial Caps




180CC 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Similar to the 100RCC but in a mid-rise height a taller door. Adds 3" of clearance.





100RCC 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



Turns our most popular cap into a working tool with reinforcement for tough jobs.



 

DCC 











Will It Fit?

Available From A Local Dealer



A complete line of tough aluminum caps with dozens of options for any trade. 



 









×Close













LEER Products
Truck CapsTonneausCommercial CapsLEER FleetOwnership
Warranty Registration FormFAQService, Maintenance and RepairFuel SavingsOwner's Manual & Installation DocumentsAbout LEER
About LEERCompany InformationWhat Makes LEER #1How Your LEER is MadeJob OpportunitiesLearn More
Video GalleryBrochuresInformación en EspañolLEER Dealers
LEER Dealer PortalBecome an Exclusive LEER DealerCap-It LEER Locations Dallas, TexasWhat Fits My Truck?Contact LEERGet a CouponFind a DealerLEER Social
NewsTell Us More   






Privacy Policy|
TAG T & C



				| LEER A Member of the Truck Accessories Group, LLC | © 2017 All rights reserved.
				





      	LEER - A Member of the Truck Accessories Group, LLC | © 2017 All rights reserved.
	






x



















Would you like a custom quote?
It seems we don’t have any products for your truck on the website at this time. Would you like to request a custom quote from your local LEER dealer?
You will need to provide your contact information.

Get a Custom Quote
Choose a Different Truck











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















