










 




LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC
List of persons related to the company LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001689474IRS Number: 814157326Company address: 71 S WACKER DRIVE SUITE 800 CHICAGO 60606Phone number: 312-585-0405



People related to LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMeder  AaronOne Coleman Street 5th FloorLondonUnited KingdomRakvin  ChadOne Coleman Street 5th FloorLondonUnited KingdomLEDFORD  JODAN71 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE SUITE 800CHICAGOILBender  John71 South Wacker Drive Suite 800ChicagoILGriffin  Lawrence71 South Wacker Driver Suite 800ChicagoILZinkula  MarkOne Coleman Street 5th FloorLondonUnited KingdomBoylan  SiobhanOne Coleman Street 5th FloorLondonUnited KingdomMeyers  Thomas71 South Wacker Drive Suite 800ChicagoIL




LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC on the Web
Related companiesLEGAL & GENERAL EMERGING MARKETS FUND, LLC, Legal & General MSCI ACWI EX USA Fund, LLC, Legal & General MSCI ACWI Fund, LLC, Legal & General MSCI Canada Fund, LLC, Legal & General MSCI EAFE Fund, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL MSCI EAFE SL FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL MSCI USA FUND, LLC, Legal & General MSCI World Ex USA Fund, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL MSCI WORLD FUND, LLC, Legal & General Russell 1000 Fund, LLC, Legal & General Russell 2000 Fund, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 500 FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 500 SL FUND, LLC, Legal & General Scientific Beta Emerging Markets Fund, LLC












 











LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Bender  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    71 S Wacker Drive Suite 800 
    Chicago, IL, 60606Phone: 312-585-0405 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-08


New


$417,000,000


$417,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John Bender 
 Director, Executive 


 Siobhan Boylan 
 Director 


 Lawrence Griffin 
 Executive 


 Jodan Ledford 
 Director, Executive 


 Aaron Meder 
 Director 


 Thomas Meyers 
 Director, Promoter 


 Chad Rakvin 
 Director 


 Mark Zinkula 
 Director 












LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (8) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
CIK Number: 0001689472IRS Number: 814118714LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC is on the market less than 5 years.

LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC address71 S WACKER DRIVESUITE 800CHICAGO 60606
Company jurisdiction
DELAWARE  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
November 2016
Latest known filing
November 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC has 1 filings. View LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC filings.
Investment RoundsLEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 8 people related to LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC.
Similar companiesLEGALZOOM COM INC, LEGALTECH LLC, LeGall Terrence George, LeGall Tara Patrice, LeGall Portia Rolane, LeGall Holdings Inc., LeGall Didier, LegalApp Holdings, Inc., Legal Vanguard, Inc., Legal Sonar, Inc., Legal Simplicity, Inc., Legal Sifter, Inc., Legal Robot, Inc., LEGAL RESEARCH CENTER INC, LEGAL RECOVERY ASSOCIATES LLC, LEGAL LOGITICS INC, Legal Life Plans, Inc., LEGAL IGAMING INC, LEGAL HERO, INC., Legal Funding LLC, Legal Faceoff Inc., Legal Draft Beer Company, LLC, Legal Decoder, Inc., LEGAL CLUB OF AMERICA CORP, LEGAL BUCKS LLC, LEGAL BROADCAST NETWORK LLC, LEGAL BROADCAST CO, Legal Assistance Capital LLC, LEGAL ACCESS TECHNOLOGIES INC, LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP PLC /FI/, Legal & General Asset Management (France), Legal & General Scientific Beta Emerging Markets Fund, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 600 SL FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 500 SL FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 500 FUND, LLC, Legal & General Russell 2000 Fund, LLC, Legal & General Russell 1000 Fund, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL MSCI WORLD FUND, LLC, Legal & General MSCI World Ex USA Fund, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL MSCI USA FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL MSCI EAFE SL FUND, LLC, Legal & General MSCI EAFE Fund, LLC, Legal & General MSCI Canada Fund, LLC, Legal & General MSCI ACWI Fund, LLC, Legal & General MSCI ACWI EX USA Fund, LLC, Legal & General Investment Management Ltd, Legal & General Investment Management America Inc, LEGAL & GENERAL GROUP PLC, LEGAL & GENERAL EMERGING MARKETS FUND, LLC, LEGAL & GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY LTD














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about LEGAL & GENERAL S&P 400 SL FUND, LLC. 









Legal & General - Investments















Skip to main content
























































        
        Investments.
        	
    
















Stocks and shares ISA

Take advantage of tax efficient investing. You can invest up to £20,000 this tax year in one or more funds.



		
					Find out more
		 
		 
	 for Investments. 


Top up your ISA Find out more about topping up an isa
Transfer an ISA Find out more about our transferring an isa





New to investing

We can help. Take a look through our guides and articles section where we outline the essentials.



		
					New to investing
		 
		 
	 for Investments. 







Straightforward investing

									Whatever you’re looking for from an investment, we’ve a range of simple funds designed to make it easy for you to make the right fund choice.
								


		
					Multi Index Funds
		 
		 
	 for Investments. 





Funds in focus

Take a look at our most frequently viewed funds


UK Index Trust Find out more about the UK index trust
UK 100 Index Trust UK 100 Index Trust
Global Health and Pharmaceuticals Index Trust Global Health and Pharmaceuticals Index Trust
US Index Trust Find out more about the US index trust







Funds

We have a range of investment funds to suit most needs.



		
		
			
				Funds
			 
		 
		 
	 for Investments. 





Prices and reports

A range of information from daily fund prices to reports from our fund managers.



		
		
			
				Prices and reports
			 
		 
		 
	 for Investments. 










New to investing?







Download our helpful and informative guide to investing in stocks and shares ISAs



All new ‘My Account’

View a short video of the new highlights, which include:

Real-time investment valuations
Detailed transaction history
Your remaining ISA allowance
Printable statements and documents

LoginRegister



Investment Professionals

Please visit our investment management site.
Visit LGIM.com








Your recently viewed items.




You might also be interested in.


New to investing
Not sure where to start? Use our tools and handy guides to help you make some investment decisions.


Junior ISA
Free your child's potential with our Junior ISA.



Planning your portfolio
When it comes to planning your portfolio, there are a few basic things to think about before you start.











        Your browser does not have JavaScript enabled and therefore may not display all features of this and other websites.
    












  Products & Capabilities - S&P Global Ratings                                                                                                       Browser Incompatible  SPRatings.com and S&P Global Ratings Credit Scenario Builders no longer support Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Some features of functionality may not work as expected.                             















 













          FILTER BY All Products   Product Type  Credit Ratings General Purpose National & Regional Special Purpose Additional Services Analytics Assessments Models       Regions  All Asia-Pacific Europe, Middle East & Africa Latin America U.S. & Canada       Role  Arrangers Institutional Investors Issuers M&A Advisory Private Equity Restructing Advisory       Sector  Corporates Economic Research Financial Institutions Fixed Income Research Funds Governance & Accounting Governments High Yield & Leveraged Finance Infrastructure Insurance Regulation Structured Finance U.S. Public Finance                     Products & Capabilities Showing All Products    CREDIT RATINGS   Credit Ratings Forward looking opinions on the creditworthiness of an obligor to meet its financial commitments overall, or with respect to specific issues/programs.     GENERAL PURPOSE   Loan, Recovery and CLO Ratings A Loan Rating is the issue-specific rating assigned to a borrower's syndicated loan.   Issue Credit Ratings An issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a...   Issuer Credit Ratings An issuer credit rating is our forward-looking opinion about an obligor's overall creditworthiness.     Standard & Poor's Underlying Ratings (SPURs) Provide an opinion of an issuer's credit quality on a stand-alone basis-apart from any credit enhancement.     NATIONAL & REGIONAL   National and Regional Scale Credit Ratings Special-purpose credit ratings that only apply to issues/issuers in a specific country or region.     SPECIAL PURPOSE   Counterparty Instrument Ratings Addresses an issuer's capacity to meet its financial obligations to a counterparty in a securitization transaction on an ultimate payment basis.   ERM Benchmark Review A comparison of an insurance company's ERM practices against an appropriate peer group and our criteria.   Fund Credit Quality Ratings A Fund Credit Quality Rating is our forward-looking opinions about the overall credit quality of a fund's portfolio.     Insurer Financial Strength Rating Our forward-looking opinion about an insurance organization's ability to pay its policies and contracts.   Local Government Investment Pools Includes Principal Stability Fund Ratings, Fund Credit Quality Ratings and Fund Volatility Ratings.   Mid-Market Evaluation (MME) A Mid-Market Evaluation (MME) is our forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of a mid-market company relative to other mid-market...     Municipal Short-Term Note Ratings Reflects our opinion about the liquidity factors and market access risks unique to the notes.   Principal Stability Fund Ratings A S&P Global Ratings Principal Stability Fund Rating, also known as a "money market fund rating," is a forward-looking opinion about a fixed-income...   Swap Risk Ratings A Swap Risk Rating is our forward-looking opinion about the likelihood of loss associated with a specific swap transaction.         ADDITIONAL SERVICES ANALYTICS   Asset Manager Practices Classification (AMPC) An opinion of the overall quality of an asset management company, including management and operational procedures.   Fund Volatility Ratings Forward-looking opinions about a fixed-income investment fund's sensitivity to changing market conditions.   CLO Tranche Recovery Metrics (CLO TRM) CLO TRM reflects a cash-flow-based recovery analysis for individual CLO tranches.     U.S. Residential Mortgage Originator Reviews Our independent view of a company's ability to handle the complex demands of originating U.S. residential mortgage loans.   U.S. RMBS Recovery Analytics Supplementary assessments of a security's recovery prospects in the event of default under various stress scenarios.   Synthetic Tranche Recovery Metrics (STRM) A view of what publicly traded corporate credit default swap indices may recover under varying economic environments.       ASSESSMENTS   S&P Global Ratings Green Evaluations An asset-level credential which aims to provide investors with a comprehensive view of green impact & climate risk attributes of their portfolios.   Rating Evaluation Service (RES) For rated or unrated entities considering strategic or financial initiatives that could impact their creditworthiness.   Credit Assessments Provides an indication of creditworthiness on an unrated entity or proposed financing structure.     Credit Estimates A confidential indication, provided at the request of a third party, of our likely credit rating on an unrated entity.   Servicer Evaluations Our independent view of a company's ability to handle the complex demands of servicing loans and asset portfolios.     MODELS   Commercial Mortgage Evaluator Provides transparency into our opinion on the credit enhancement levels for commercial real estate assets.   Covered Bond Monitor (CBM) Brings greater transparency to our quantitative covered bond rating process.   Financial Services Credit Tools Our Financial Services credit tools provide insight and transparency into our global financial institutions and insurance criteria and methodology.     Large Corporate Mapping A correspondence table between an institution's internal credit scores and our ratings scale.   LEVELS®: RMBS Credit Model Provides dynamic credit risk analysis of residential mortgage loan portfolios.   Structured Credit Products Our structured credit products provide analytical modeling and data capabilities for performing credit, cash flow and detailed asset analyses.                                








ProShares ETFs: Ultra SmallCap600 - Index/Benchmark



















ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com













Ultra SmallCap600




Print Page
Share Page









ProShares Ultra SmallCap600 seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to two times (2x) the daily performance of the S&P SmallCap 600®.
This Ultra ProShares ETF seeks a return that is 2x the return of an index or other benchmark (target) for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. Due to the compounding of daily returns, ProShares' returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with volatile benchmarks.  Investors should monitor their holdings consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.


Considerations for Geared Investing – Learn More




Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Register for Updates





OVERVIEW
PERFORMANCE & QUOTE
DAILY HOLDINGS
DISTRIBUTIONS
INDEX/BENCHMARK
RELATED MATERIALS


Index/Benchmark Summary
The S&P SmallCap 600 Index covers the small-cap segment of the U.S. equities market, covering approximately 3% of the U.S. equities market. 
Fundamentals as of 6/30/17


Total Number of Companies
601


Price/Earnings Ratio
26.45


Price/Book Ratio
2.22


Dividend Yield *(%)
1.41


Average Index Market Capitalization

                    $1.29 billion
            


* Derivative contracts are priced to reflect the underlying index yield and will not generate dividend income. Because ProShares invest in derivatives, they will not have dividend distributions that reflect those of their applicable indexes.
Index Holdings Information as of 6/30/17




                        Top 10 Index
                                Companies
                                 ‡

Weight


Allete Inc.
0.51%


MKS Instruments Inc.
0.51%


CoreSite Realty Corp.
0.49%


HealthCare Services Group Inc.
0.48%


Spire Inc.
0.47%


Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corp.
0.46%


Chemed Corp.
0.46%


ProAssurance Corp.
0.45%


Lumentum Holdings Inc.
0.44%


Sterling Bancorp
0.44%



‡
                ProShares may invest in financial instruments (including derivatives) that, in combination, should have similar daily price return characteristics to the fund's benchmark.
                




Index Sector Weightings  §
Weight


Industrials
19.01%


Financials
16.37%


Consumer Discretionary
15.83%


Information Technology
14.46%


Health Care
12.68%


Real Estate
6.85%


Materials
5.23%


Consumer Staples
3.02%


Energy
2.83%


Utilities
2.75%


Telecommunication Services
0.97%


§ Sum of weightings may not equal 100% due to rounding.









Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.






SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.







Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
		






Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.







		The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
	    







Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
	    







		A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
	    







Weighted average price (WAP)  is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest. 
	    







Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
	    







Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
			







Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
			







Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
			







Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
			







Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
			







Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
			







Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
			







Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
			







Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
			







Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
			







Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return. 
			







Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
			







Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
			







Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
			







Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
			







Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
			







Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
			







Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing. 
                  • Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark. 
                  • Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
			






CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Ratingâ¢ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.








30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price. 








30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
			







Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
			







Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
			







Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.

			







Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
			







12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
			







Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
			







Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
			







Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
			







				Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
			







				This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
			







				This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
			







				This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
			







				This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
			







			Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.







Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.







			Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information







The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.







Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.




















  
Fund Data - performance, risk, ratings, assets and holdings - FT.com

















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataFunds







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Funds





Find a fundGoOr use the Fund ScreenerCategory performance1M1M3M6M1Y3Y5YAllAllocationAlternativeCommoditiesInternational EquityMunicipal BondSector EquityTaxable BondU.S. EquityCategoryPerformance (%)Total assets1Y3Y5YLarge Blend0.76%4.77bn17.177.6013.35Intermediate-Term Bond-0.03%4.11bn0.942.212.45Foreign Large Blend0.07%3.71bn19.131.187.81Foreign Large Growth0.02%3.50bn17.802.588.65Large Growth0.06%3.12bn20.028.8013.87Health5.88%3.04bn17.069.0717.39World Allocation0.26%2.94bn10.101.845.96Allocation--50% to 70% Equity0.45%2.85bn10.674.007.97Large Value1.52%2.78bn16.496.4012.64Target-Date 20300.35%2.61bn12.454.368.39Target-Date 20250.35%2.55bn11.044.077.89World Bond0.19%2.43bn1.890.311.72Target-Date 20200.19%2.40bn8.773.506.57Multisector Bond0.17%2.35bn6.092.524.18Bank Loan-0.08%2.25bn6.652.623.85Short-Term Bond-0.01%2.19bn1.231.081.31Allocation--70% to 85% Equity0.58%2.13bn13.444.209.27Allocation--30% to 50% Equity0.19%2.09bn7.222.855.73Mid-Cap Blend1.51%2.05bn17.375.5112.98Target-Date 20350.53%2.05bn14.624.819.41As of Jun 30 2017.View all 20 categoriesFund moversGainersGainersLosersClick or tap rows for actionsShare class name & categorySharpe ratio1-month changeProFunds UltraLatin America Fund Investor ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity-0.20+19.21%ProFunds UltraLatin America Fund Service ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity-0.22+19.08%ProFunds UltraChina Fund Investor ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.27+12.17%ProFunds UltraEmerging Markets Fund Investor ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.10+12.08%Rydex Emerging Markets 2x Strategy Fund A ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.06+12.04%Rydex Emerging Markets 2x Strategy Fund H ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.06+12.04%ProFunds UltraChina Fund Service ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.24+12.02%ProFunds UltraEmerging Markets Fund Service ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.07+11.99%Rydex Emerging Markets 2x Strategy Fund C ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.04+11.98%Direxion Monthly China Bull 2X Fund Investor ClassTrading--Leveraged Equity0.28+11.88%Share class name & categorySharpe ratio1-month changeProFunds UltraShort Latin America Fund Service ClassBear Market0.04-17.16%ProFunds UltraShort Latin America Fund Investor ClassBear Market0.06-17.05%ProFunds UltraShort China Fund Service ClassBear Market-0.56-11.89%ProFunds UltraShort China Fund Investor ClassBear Market-0.54-11.74%ProFunds UltraShort Emerging Market Fund Service ClassBear Market-0.31-11.59%ProFunds UltraShort Emerging Market Fund Investor ClassBear Market-0.29-11.54%Rydex Inverse Emerging Markets 2x Strategy Fund C ClassTrading--Inverse Equity-0.32-11.30%Rydex Inverse Emerging Markets 2x Strategy Fund H ClassTrading--Inverse Equity-0.30-11.23%Rydex Inverse Emerging Markets 2x Strategy Fund A ClassTrading--Inverse Equity-0.30-11.23%Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund Class CManaged Futures-0.04-9.57%Funds newsBond funds attract $355bn in first five months of 2017Jul 24 2017Bond bubble brews as central banks retreat from QEJul 24 2017The party is not over yet for the world’s largest fund managersJul 23 2017This week’s cartoon: July 24Jul 23 2017Movers & shakers: July 24Jul 23 2017Listed infrastructure investment is a fakeJul 23 2017New Vanguard boss urged to target growth overseasJul 23 2017Deutsche Asset Management launches research instituteJul 23 2017Vanguard closes in on BlackRock’s number-one spotJul 23 2017The argument to be a buyer of the Saudi Aramco IPOJul 22 2017More ▼ 
FT predefined screensSaved screensOur predefined funds and ETF screens are a quick way to kick off your research, based upon your investment goals.Top Risk Adjusted Large Cap Value FundsViewThis screen provides a list of US Large Cap Value Funds that have a Sharpe Ratio of greater than 1.Good Performing, Low Expense High Yield FundsViewBetter performing high yield bond funds can be found in this list that screens for those funds with a low expense ratio and a high Sharpe ratio.Analyst's Favorite Low Expense Ratio US Treasury FundsViewSearch for US Treasury funds that have low expense ratios and are highly rated by Morningstar.Top Rated World Stock FundsViewLooking for diversification in the equity part of your portfolio? This screen for World Stock funds shows only those that are highly rated by Morningstar.Saved screens are a quick way to catalogue and access your favourite funds & ETFs searches based upon criteria you've selected.Sign in or register to start saving screens.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



The performance data shown in tables and graphs on this page is calculated in USD of the fund/index/average (as applicable), on a Bid To Bid / Nav to Nav basis, with gross dividends re-invested on ex-dividend date. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance; unit prices may fall as well as rise.All managed funds data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.All data shown on this page, unless noted otherwise is Data Source and Copyright: Morningstar, Inc. 2017 All Rights reservedwww.morningstar.com© 2017 Morningstar.  All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.Pricing for ETFs is the latest price and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.Morningstar Rating(TM) The Morningstar Rating(TM) for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar RiskAdjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36- 59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. 






					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback
















 









ProShares ETFs: Short SmallCap600 - Overview


 


















ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com













Short SmallCap600




Print Page
Share Page









ProShares Short SmallCap600 seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the S&P SmallCap 600®.
This Short ProShares ETF seeks a return that is -1x the return of an index or other benchmark (target) 
for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. Due to the compounding of daily returns, ProShares' returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with volatile benchmarks. Investors should monitor their holdings consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.



Considerations for Geared Investing – Learn More




Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Premium/Discount Analysis Tool
NAV History
Register for Updates





OVERVIEW
PERFORMANCE & QUOTE
DAILY HOLDINGS
DISTRIBUTIONS
INDEX/BENCHMARK
RELATED MATERIALS




Fund Snapshot


Ticker
SBB


Intraday Ticker
SBB.IV


CUSIP
74348A376


Inception Date
1/23/07


Expense Ratio *

                0.95%
                
		    


NAV Calculation Time

				4:00 
                p.m.
                ET
		


Distributions
Quarterly


* With Contractual Waiver ending 9/30/17.


Price Information as of  7/24/17 



           NAV
       
$37.34


NAV Change

                   $0.00
       


Market Price Closing

               $37.27
       


Market Price Closing Change

                   $0.01
       


Daily Trading Volume

               1,052
       
















Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.






SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.







Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
		






Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.







		The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
	    







Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
	    







		A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
	    







Weighted average price (WAP)  is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest. 
	    







Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
	    







Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
			







Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
			







Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
			







Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
			







Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
			







Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
			







Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
			







Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
			







Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
			







Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
			







Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return. 
			







Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
			







Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
			







Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
			







Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
			







Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
			







Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
			







Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing. 
                  • Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark. 
                  • Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
			






CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Ratingâ¢ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.








30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price. 








30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
			







Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
			







Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
			







Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.

			







Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
			







12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
			







Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
			







Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
			







Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
			







				Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
			







				This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
			







				This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
			







				This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
			







				This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
			







			Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.







Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.







			Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information







The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.







Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.














ARNC Stock Price - Arconic Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,638.07


124.90


0.58%











S&P 500

2,479.78


9.87


0.40%











Nasdaq

6,415.50


4.69


0.07%











GlobalDow

2,845.13


14.18


0.50%











Gold

1,255.90


-4.80


-0.38%











Oil

47.87


1.53


3.30%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.8




RRC 
7.1




NEM 
7.1




CHK 
5.6






STX
-15.0




IPG
-11.9




WAT
-5.7




MMM
-5.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:36p

Updated
This is why you shouldn’t lie to a future employer about your salary



12:35p

Toronto International Film Festival unveils slate, including new films directed by George Clooney, Angelina Jolie



12:33p

Updated
Elon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI



12:33p

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



12:30p

Barnes & Noble stock jumps 13% after investor urges it to go private



12:30p

Amazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad



12:23p

Updated
Argentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains



12:20p

Updated
Sen. Angus King’s silent synopsis of the health-care legislation up for vote today



12:14p

Updated
Gold extends declines to a second session as investors await Fed update



12:13p

Updated
Charting a slow-motion summer breakout, S&P 500 confirms bull trend












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ARNC


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



ARNC
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Arconic Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateARNCAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 12:37 p.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
26.03



0.86
3.42%






Previous Close




$25.1700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




56.52% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.3M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 4M
            





Open: 25.50
Last: 26.03



25.4100
Day Low/High
26.0800





Day Range



16.7500
52 Week Low/High
30.6900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$25.50



Day Range
25.4100 - 26.0800



52 Week Range
16.7500 - 30.6900



Market Cap
$8.6B



Shares Outstanding
440.77M



Public Float
430.73M



Beta
1.44



Rev. per Employee
$352.46K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-1.34



Yield
0.92%



Dividend
$0.06



Ex-Dividend Date
Aug 2, 2017



Short Interest
15.68M
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
3.64%



Average Volume
4.03M




 


Performance




5 Day


3.62%







1 Month


12.68%







3 Month


-5.35%







YTD


40.40%







1 Year


7.55%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










CFRA sticks with hold rating on Arconic, citing uncertainty about CEO search, Grenfell Tower liability
CFRA said Monday it is sticking with a hold recommendation on shares of Arconic Inc. , after the spinoff from Alcoa Inc. reported second-quarter earnings. Analyst Matthew Miller said his 12-month price target of $27 implies an EV/EBITDA multiple of 9.0 times his 2017 EBITDA view, a discount to peers that trade at an average forward EV/EBITDA of 9.3 times. The target "is justified by uncertainty regarding the ongoing CEO search and the potential liability from the cladding used on the Grenfell Tower," Miller wrote in a note. Arconic said earlier it had no control over the aluminum panels used in the exterior of the London tower, that are believed to have ignited during a fire in June that killed at least 80 people. The company had already said it will stop selling the panels for use in high-rise buildings. Miller said he is trimming his 2017 EPS estimate by 3 cents and his 2018 EPS estimate by 5 cents. Shares were down 0.7% in late trade, while the S&P 500  was down 0.1%. 

Jul. 24, 2017 at 2:09 p.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane









Arconic raises sales outlook as cost cuts lift EPS
Arconic Inc. said Monday its second-quarter earnings rose as the aerospace- and automotive-parts maker worked to cut costs. The company raised its full-year performance outlook, lifting the range of expected sales to $12.3 billion to $12.7 billion from previous guidance of $11.8 billion to $12.4 billion.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 11:45 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Arconic shares surge 6% premarket after company beats on profit, raises outlook
Shares of Arconic Inc. , the former aluminum operations of Alcoa before that company split in two, jumped 6% in premarket trade Monday, after the company beat second-quarter profit and sales estimates and raised its guidance. Arconic said it had net income of $212 million, or 43 cents a share, in the second quarter, up from $135 million, or 27 cents a share, in the year-earlier period. Excluding special items, EPS came to 32 cents, ahead of the FactSet consensus of 26 cents a share. Revenue rose 1% to $3.3 billion, also ahead of the FactSet consensus of $3.2 billion. The company said it is raising its full-year guidance after a "solid" first half, and now expects revenue of $12.3 billion to $12.7 billion, up from prior guidance of $11.8 billion to $12.4 billion. Adjusted EPS is expected to range from $1.15 to $1.20, up from a prior $1.10 to $1.20. The FactSet consensus is for full-year EPS of $1.16 and revenue of $12.5 billion. 

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:39 a.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane









Arconic to no longer sell the Reynobond PE product used in high-rise construction
Arconic to no longer sell the Reynobond PE product used in high-rise construction

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:36 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic's stock soars 4.9% premarket after Q2 results
Arconic's stock soars 4.9% premarket after Q2 results

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:34 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic raises 2017 revenue outlook to $12.3 bln-$12.7 bln from $11.8 bln-$12.4 bln
Arconic raises 2017 revenue outlook to $12.3 bln-$12.7 bln from $11.8 bln-$12.4 bln

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:34 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic raises 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $1.15-$1.20 from $1.10-$1.20
Arconic raises 2017 adj. EPS outlook to $1.15-$1.20 from $1.10-$1.20

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:33 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic Q2 revenue $3.26 bln vs. $3.23 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $3.20 bln
Arconic Q2 revenue $3.26 bln vs. $3.23 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $3.20 bln

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:33 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic Q2 adj. EPS 32 cents; FactSet consensus 26 cents
Arconic Q2 adj. EPS 32 cents; FactSet consensus 26 cents

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:32 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic Q2 EPS 43 cents vs. 27 cents a year ago
Arconic Q2 EPS 43 cents vs. 27 cents a year ago

Jul. 24, 2017 at 8:32 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic upgraded to buy from neutral at Seaport Global Securities
Arconic upgraded to buy from neutral at Seaport Global Securities

Jul. 13, 2017 at 9:59 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Nasdaq closes higher to lead stock market as tech climbs 

Jul. 10, 2017 at 4:24 p.m. ET
by Victor Reklaitis









Arconic stock surges after J.P. Morgan turns bullish
Shares of Arconic Inc.  surged 2.6% in premarket trade Monday, after the maker of aluminum products was upgraded at J.P. Morgan, citing improved valuation after the selloff in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire. Analyst Seth Seifman raised his rating to outperform from neutral, but trimmed his stock price target to $28, which is 21% above Friday's closing price of $23.13, from $30. The stock had tumbled as much as 21% before bouncing slightly after the Grenfell Tower tragedy, amid reports the company produced the aluminum sheets and polyethylene which burned in the fire. "Grenfell Tower risk hard to assess, but probably manageable and perhaps ultimately zero," Seifman wrote in a note to clients. Despite the stock's recent selloff, it has soared 25% year to date, while the SPDR Materials Select Sector ETF  has climbed 8.9% and the S&P 500  has gained 8.3%.

Jul. 10, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Arconic upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan
Arconic upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan

Jul. 10, 2017 at 7:46 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore











Corrected            
Dow halts 4-session skid, but Nasdaq slumps as technology stocks stumble

Jun. 27, 2017 at 7:33 a.m. ET
by Sara Sjolin










Breaking            
Arconic tries to distance itself from Grenfell Tower fire 
Arconic Inc.  late Monday tried to distance itself from the devasting Grenfell Tower fire that killed at least 79 people by stressing that it supplies cladding panels to clients with the assumption that its products are used in compliance with various building codes. "Arconic supplied one of our products, Reynobond PE, to our customer, a fabricator, which used the product as one component of the overall cladding system on Grenfell Tower," said the company in a statement. However, it said it did not participate in refurbishing the building or in the original design. " Our product is one component in the overall cladding system; we don't control the overall system or its compliance," said the company. It also expressed its condolences and reiterated its decision that it will no longer supply cladding panel in other high-rise buildng projects, regardless of codes and regulations.   

Jun. 26, 2017 at 6:02 p.m. ET
by Sue Chang










Breaking            
Arconic: Reaffirms decision not to sell cladding panel for high rises
Arconic: Reaffirms decision not to sell cladding panel for high rises

Jun. 26, 2017 at 5:53 p.m. ET
by Sue Chang










Breaking            
Arconic: Not involved in installation of cladding system on Grenfell Tower  
Arconic: Not involved in installation of cladding system on Grenfell Tower  

Jun. 26, 2017 at 5:52 p.m. ET
by Sue Chang









Arconic stock price target cut to $27 from $31 at CFRA
Arconic stock price target cut to $27 from $31 at CFRA

Jun. 26, 2017 at 2:54 p.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore










Arconic stops selling cladding panels involved in London tower fire

Jun. 26, 2017 at 11:51 a.m. ET
by Bob Tita













Arconic Weighs in on London Fire
Arconic Interim Chief Executive David Hess expressed sympathy for the victims of a deadly fire last month in London’s Grenfell Tower, but stressed the company had no control over the use of its aluminum panels on the building’s exterior.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 12:51 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: Blue Apron, WebMD, Halliburton, Hibbett Sports, Hasbro
Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Monday’s session are Blue Apron Holdings Inc., WebMD Health Corp, Halliburton Co., Hibbett Sports Inc. and Hasbro Inc.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Investor Sues Arconic Over Flammable Panels
An investor in Arconic Inc. is accusing the company of deceiving shareholders by failing to disclose the risks connected to manufacturing aluminum panels that investigators say contributed to the spread of a deadly fire last month in a London apartment tower.

Jul. 14, 2017 at 5:36 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Corrections & Amplifications
Corrections & Amplifications for edition of July 12, 2017.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 7:56 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Baltimore Doesn’t Know If Hotel Uses Combustible Panels 
The company that made the combustible panels used on the London tower that went up in flames says the same type wraps a hotel in Baltimore, but the city and the developers of the 1990s-era project aren’t sure.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:40 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









The Angst of Endangered CEOs: ‘How Much Time Do I Have?’ 
An array of challenges—from increasing impatience on Wall Street and in boardrooms to a corporate landscape rapidly transformed by new technologies and rival upstarts—has made the top job tougher and more precarious than just a few years ago, top executives say. 

Jul. 6, 2017 at 9:12 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Charting the Market
A Graphic Look at This Week’s 12 Stocks on the Move, including Rite Aid, Nike, and Arconic.

Jul. 1, 2017 at 12:46 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Arconic to Stop Selling Panels Involved in London Fire 
Arconic Inc. said it has stopped selling panels used on the exterior of high-rise buildings that are suspected of contributing to the spread of a deadly fire in a London apartment tower earlier this month.

Jun. 26, 2017 at 6:39 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: Facebook, Arconic, Micron, Pandora, Store Capital
Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Monday’s session are Facebook Inc. and other big-name tech stocks, Arconic Inc., semiconductor companies led by Micron Technology Inc. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Pandora Media Inc. and Store Capital Corp.

Jun. 26, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Fire Safety Fears Lead to Evacuation of Some Public Housing in London
Some 800 households are being moved from five residential towers in north London after the buildings failed to pass fire safety checks prompted by last week’s lethal blaze in a public housing high-rise.

Jun. 23, 2017 at 6:30 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









U.K. Police Say Grenfell Tower Cladding Fails Fire Tests 
Police are considering a range of potential charges, including manslaughter, in connection with the Grenfell Tower fire in London that killed at least 79 people. 

Jun. 23, 2017 at 10:41 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









U.K. Warns of Risks to More High-Rises
The U.K. government said Thursday it had identified about 600 publicly owned residential towers that had installed some form of cladding, the same material used for Grenfell Tower, the site of the deadly disaster.

Jun. 22, 2017 at 2:18 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Death Toll Mounts in London Tower Fire 
Police said the number of dead and missing in a London high-rise fire rose to 79, while a public spat intensified over whether construction material that has become a focus for authorities in the tragedy’s aftermath was compliant with building codes.

Jun. 19, 2017 at 6:07 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









U.S. Fire Standards Limit Use of Material Used in London Tower  
Exterior cladding on the 24-story London building that caught fire Wednesday wouldn’t have met widely adopted U.S. standards, building groups said, though the material has been used in a number of high-rises around the world.

Jun. 16, 2017 at 8:10 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









CEOs Insulting Activist Investors Typically Doesn’t Turn Out Well for Them
Executives at aerospace-parts maker Arconic Inc.,design-software company Autodesk Inc. and auction house Sotheby’s previously criticized activist investors before leaving their respective companies.

Jun. 15, 2017 at 3:45 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Avon Chief McCoy Expected to Step Down
Avon Products Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, according to people familiar with the matter, after her effort to turn around the beleaguered cosmetics seller faltered.

Jun. 14, 2017 at 3:14 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









When Activists Enter the Kitchen, the CFOs Feel the Heat
Activist investors’ campaigns often start with the CEO in the crosshairs. But pressure is mounting on finance chiefs, too, as they are tasked with cutting waste, increasing efficiency and boosting margins.

Jun. 12, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Hedge Fund Elliott Seeks to Strengthen Private Equity Expertise in Europe
Hedge fund Elliott Advisors has recruited a head for its European private equity operations to give it greater firepower beyond the activism in stocks and bonds for which it is best known, according to a person familiar with the matter.

Jun. 8, 2017 at 11:24 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Elliott’s Brash Activism Can’t Sway Dutch Paint Giant
Elliott Management met its match in Akzo Nobel, as the Dutch paint giant faced down a protracted, $27.6 billion takeover attempt from U.S. rival PPG Industries, dealing a blow to the U.S. investor’s aggressive style of activism.

Jun. 1, 2017 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









In Fight With Buffalo Wild Wings, Activist Investor Is Target 
Richard “Mick” McGuire is campaigning for board seats at Buffalo Wild Wings, and the company is waging a heated campaign against him, attacking his performance as a corporate director and questioning his operational prowess. 

Jun. 1, 2017 at 8:06 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Arconic (ARNC) Earnings, Revenues Beat Estimates in Q2
Arconic (ARNC) delivered a strong second-quarter earnings on the back higher volumes and cost-saving actions. 

Jul. 24, 2017 at 2:52 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Jul. 24, 2017 at 4:33 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 Earnings From GOOGL,HAL,HAS
Q2 Earnings From GOOGL,HAL,HAS

Jul. 24, 2017 at 11:07 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Q2 Earnings Ahead of Google: HAL, SWK, HAS & More
Mostly positive results hit the tape before the bell this morning, with the much-anticipated Alphabet earnings this afternoon.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Arconic (ARNC) Q2 Earnings & Revenues Top Estimates
Arconic (ARNC) posted adjusted earnings of 32 cents per share for the second quarter, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 27 cents.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 9:17 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Arconic had no control over use of its panels in London fire, CEO says
Arconic had no control over use of its panels in London fire, CEO says

Jul. 24, 2017 at 12:59 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Arconic Weighs in on London Fire
Arconic Interim Chief Executive David Hess expressed sympathy for the victims of a deadly fire last month in London’s Grenfell Tower, but stressed the company had no control over the use of its aluminum panels on the building’s exterior.

Jul. 24, 2017 at 12:51 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Arconic slips despite Q2 beat as guidance underwhelms
Arconic slips despite Q2 beat as guidance underwhelms

Jul. 24, 2017 at 10:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Arconic Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call Slides
Arconic Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

Jul. 24, 2017 at 9:02 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Alcoa's Break-Up - How It Panned Out For Investors
Alcoa's Break-Up - How It Panned Out For Investors

Jul. 23, 2017 at 4:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Newmont (NEM) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards?
Newmont's (NEM) Q2 results to benefit from its cost and efficiency improvement actions and expected higher production at Merian and Long Canyon. 

Jul. 21, 2017 at 10:20 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Is a Surprise Coming for Arconic (ARNC) This Earnings Season?
Arconic (ARNC) is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity and has a positive Zacks Earnings ESP.


Jul. 20, 2017 at 8:33 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Arconic (ARNC) Q2 Earnings Preview: A Beat in the Cards?
Arconic (ARNC) is expected to continue to gain from its cost-cutting and productivity actions in the second quarter.  

Jul. 20, 2017 at 8:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Qualcomm, ASML To Kick Off Chip Earnings: Investing Action Plan
Here's your Investing Action Plan for Wednesday: what you need to know as an investor for the coming day. [ibd-display-video id=2036659 width=50 float=left autostart=true]Wall Street will get a first look at the chip sector when Qualcomm (QCOM) and ASML (ASML) report results. Resurgent credit-card stocks could get a further boost when American Express (AXP) releases results, while Steel Dynamics (STLD) and Alcoa (AA) may send metal stocks in

Jul. 18, 2017 at 11:19 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Company News for July 17, 2017
Companies In the News are:
CYBR,ARNC,T,INSY,TWX

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Can Sherwin-Williams (SHW) Spring a Surprise in Q2 Earnings?
Can Sherwin-Williams (SHW) surprise investors again in the second quarter on the back of Valspar buyout?

Jul. 17, 2017 at 8:56 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Investor Sues Arconic Over Flammable Panels
An investor in Arconic Inc. is accusing the company of deceiving shareholders by failing to disclose the risks connected to manufacturing aluminum panels that investigators say contributed to the spread of a deadly fire last month in a London apartment tower.

Jul. 14, 2017 at 5:36 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Wall Street Breakfast: Banks Kick Off Earnings Season
Wall Street Breakfast: Banks Kick Off Earnings Season

Jul. 14, 2017 at 7:04 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Arconic sued in U.S. over Grenfell Tower
Arconic sued in U.S. over Grenfell Tower

Jul. 14, 2017 at 2:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





 Will Alcoa’s 2Q17 Revenues Be a Miss Like 1Q17? 
Alcoa’s (AA) 2Q17 earnings are expected on July 19. In this article, we’ll see what could drive the company’s 2Q17 revenues.

Jul. 13, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com









The Klein Law Firm Announces Class Actions Filed on Behalf of Arconic 
      Inc. Shareholders and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of September 11, 2017
The Klein Law Firm Announces Class Actions Filed on Behalf of Arconic 
      Inc. Shareholders and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of September 11, 2017

Jul. 25, 2017 at 12:10 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

Jul. 24, 2017 at 5:46 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Pawar Law Group Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Arconic Inc. - ARNC
Pawar Law Group Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Arconic Inc. - ARNC

Jul. 24, 2017 at 5:28 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Arconic Board Approves Quarterly Dividends
Arconic Board Approves Quarterly Dividends

Jul. 24, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Investor Network: Arconic, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Arconic, Inc. to Host Earnings Call

Jul. 24, 2017 at 7:23 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





ARCONIC SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Arconic, Inc. - (ARNC)
ARCONIC SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Arconic, Inc. - (ARNC)

Jul. 21, 2017 at 10:50 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





SHAREHOLDER ALERT:  Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Arconic, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - ARNC
SHAREHOLDER ALERT:  Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Arconic, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - ARNC

Jul. 21, 2017 at 1:22 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ARNC, ARNC-P, ARNC-PB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent 
      Wong Notifies Investors of Commencement of Class Actions Involving 
      Arconic Inc. and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of September 11, 2017
ARNC, ARNC-P, ARNC-PB SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent 
      Wong Notifies Investors of Commencement of Class Actions Involving 
      Arconic Inc. and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of September 11, 2017

Jul. 21, 2017 at 1:08 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Investors of Class Action Against Arconic Inc. (ARNC) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 11, 2017
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Investors of Class Action Against Arconic Inc. (ARNC) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 11, 2017

Jul. 20, 2017 at 10:06 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

Jul. 19, 2017 at 7:20 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of 
      Arconic Inc. of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of 
      September 11, 2017
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of 
      Arconic Inc. of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of 
      September 11, 2017

Jul. 19, 2017 at 6:27 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

Jul. 19, 2017 at 12:03 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Investors of Class Action Against Arconic Inc. (ARNC; ARNC-P; ARNC-PB) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 11, 2017
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Investors of Class Action Against Arconic Inc. (ARNC; ARNC-P; ARNC-PB) & Lead Plaintiff Deadline: September 11, 2017

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:10 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Arconic, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - ARNC
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Arconic, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - ARNC

Jul. 18, 2017 at 7:11 p.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Expanded Class Action Suit 
      against Arconic Inc.
Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Expanded Class Action Suit 
      against Arconic Inc.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 7:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Arconic Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm

Jul. 18, 2017 at 2:22 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





The Klein Law Firm Reminds Investors of an Investigation Concerning 
      Possible Violations of Federal Securities Laws by Arconic Inc. (ARNC)
The Klein Law Firm Reminds Investors of an Investigation Concerning 
      Possible Violations of Federal Securities Laws by Arconic Inc. (ARNC)

Jul. 18, 2017 at 12:09 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Glancy Prongay & Murray Announces the Filing of a Securities Class 
      Action on Behalf of Arconic Inc. Investors and Encourages Investors to 
      Contact the Firm
Glancy Prongay & Murray Announces the Filing of a Securities Class 
      Action on Behalf of Arconic Inc. Investors and Encourages Investors to 
      Contact the Firm

Jul. 18, 2017 at 12:01 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Notifies Investors of Class Action Lawsuit And Encourages Those Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Arconic Inc. (NYSE: ARNC) To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline
SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Notifies Investors of Class Action Lawsuit And Encourages Those Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Arconic Inc. (NYSE: ARNC) To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline

Jul. 17, 2017 at 6:30 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Federman & Sherwood Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Arconic, Inc.
Federman & Sherwood Announces Filing of Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Arconic, Inc.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 5:55 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Arconic Inc.


            
            Arconic, Inc. manufactures aluminum, titanium, and nickel products. The company operates its business through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products & Solutions, and Transportation & Construction Solutions. The Global Rolled Products segment offers aluminum sheet and plate products through Arconic Micromill technology for the aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation, brazing and industrial markets. The Engineered Products & Solutions segment develops and manufactures engineered products and solutions for the aerospace, industrial gas turbine, commercial transportation, and oil & gas markets. It also engages in advanced alloy and 3D printing powder development. The Transportation & Construction Solutions segment offers integrated aluminum structural systems, architectural extrusions, forged aluminum commercial vehicle wheels, and aluminum products for the industrial products end market. The company's business roots back to 1888 with the creation of Pittsburgh Reduction Co. by Charles Martin Hall. Arconic was founded on November 1, 2016 and is headquartered in New York, NY.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 9
Full Ratings 





Analyst Sees 10-25% Upside In Aero Stocks


Jul. 14, 2017 at 11:39 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For July 13, 2017


Jul. 13, 2017 at 9:22 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Why Garmin Is Incredibly Well-Positioned For The Self-Driving Age


Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:06 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Kaiser Aluminum Corp.
0.37%
$1.65B


Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp.
-1.22%
$41.97M


Arconic Inc.
3.42%
$8.6B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

11.77%








GOOG

-3.00%








DWT

-8.90%








SNAP

-1.38%








GOOGL

-3.03%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:38 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:36pThis is why you shouldn’t lie to a future employer about your salary
12:36pToronto International Film Festival unveils slate, including new films directed by George Clooney, Angelina Jolie
12:34pElon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI
12:33pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
12:31pBarnes & Noble stock jumps 13% after investor urges it to go private
12:31pAmazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad
12:23pArgentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains
12:21pSen. Angus King’s silent synopsis of the health-care legislation up for vote today
12:15pGold extends declines to a second session as investors await Fed update
12:13pCharting a slow-motion summer breakout, S&P 500 confirms bull trend
12:12pWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
12:08pEuropean stocks finish higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone
12:04pBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,637.96

+124.79
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,415.52

+4.71
+0.07%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,479.77

+9.86
+0.40%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:38 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:36pThis is why you shouldn’t lie to a future employer about your salary
12:36pToronto International Film Festival unveils slate, including new films directed by George Clooney, Angelina Jolie
12:34pElon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI
12:33pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
12:31pBarnes & Noble stock jumps 13% after investor urges it to go private
12:31pAmazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad
12:23pArgentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains
12:21pSen. Angus King’s silent synopsis of the health-care legislation up for vote today
12:15pGold extends declines to a second session as investors await Fed update
12:13pCharting a slow-motion summer breakout, S&P 500 confirms bull trend
12:12pWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
12:08pEuropean stocks finish higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone
12:04pBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,637.96

+124.79
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,415.52

+4.71
+0.07%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,479.77

+9.86
+0.40%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




12:38 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:36pThis is why you shouldn’t lie to a future employer about your salary
12:36pToronto International Film Festival unveils slate, including new films directed by George Clooney, Angelina Jolie
12:34pElon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI
12:33pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
12:31pBarnes & Noble stock jumps 13% after investor urges it to go private
12:31pAmazon earnings: With a dominant position in the U.S., analysts look abroad
12:23pArgentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains
12:21pSen. Angus King’s silent synopsis of the health-care legislation up for vote today
12:15pGold extends declines to a second session as investors await Fed update
12:13pCharting a slow-motion summer breakout, S&P 500 confirms bull trend
12:12pWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
12:08pEuropean stocks finish higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone
12:04pBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,637.60

+124.43
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,415.37

+4.56
+0.07%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,479.76

+9.85
+0.40%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














s&p 600 fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images



Showing results for "s p" 500 fund
Search instead for s&p 600 fund







S&P 500 Leveraged ETF? - Daily 3x Bull & Bear S&P ETFs



Ad
 ·
www.direxioninvestments.com/​S&P-500-ETF



Bold Trades on S&P 500 - In Either Direction, Bull or Bear. Learn more.





ETF Line-up



S&P 500 Bear 3x ETFs




S&P 500 Bull 3x ETFs



Understanding KNOW





S & P 500 Funds - Search for S & P 500 Funds.



Ad
 ·
Ask.com/​S & P 500 Funds



Search for S & P 500 Funds. Find Results on Ask.com.





Ask a Question



Explore Q&A




Questions and Answers



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





S&p 500 Mutual Fund | webcrawler.com



Ad
 ·
www.webcrawler.com



Search for S&p 500 Mutual Fund With 100's of Results at WebCrawler




S & P 500 Etf - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​S & P 500 Etf/​Now



Find S & P 500 Etf Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now




Searches related tos&p 600 fund



fidelity s&p 500 fund


best index funds


no load index funds


schwab s&p 500 fund



vanguard 500 index fund price


index funds


vanguard index funds list


etf index funds s&p 500




Web Results

Vanguard - Vanguard 500 Index Fund Investor Shares

https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/snapshot?FundId=0040&...


This mutual fund profile of the 500 Index Fund Inv provides details such as the fund objective, average annual total returns, after-tax returns, initial minimum ...



Admiral Shares



An ETF



Schwab® S&P 500 Index Fund (SWPPX) - US News Money

https://money.usnews.com/.../schwab-s-p-500-index-fund/swppx


See Schwab® S&P 500 Index Fund (SWPPX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Schwab® S&P 500 Index Fund performance, holdings, fees ...


Is Great-West S&P Small Cap 600 Index Fund Worth a Closer ...

https://www.fool.com/investing/etf/2017/07/19/is-great-west-sp...


This mutual fund offers exposure to small-cap stocks, but it comes at a cost.


S&P SmallCap 600® - S&P Dow Jones Indices

https://us.spindices.com/indices/equity/sp-600


The S&P SmallCap 600® measures the small-cap segment of the U.S. equity market. The index is designed to track companies that meet specific inclusion criteria to ...


The 4 Best S&P 500 Index Funds | Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/.../markets/101415/4-best-sp-500-index-funds.asp


The Vanguard 500 Index Fund Investor Shares seeks to provide investment results corresponding to the price and yield performance of the S&P 500 Index, its benchmark ...


Principal SmallCap S&P 600 Index Fund (PSSNX)

https://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/small-blend/principal...


See Principal SmallCap S&P 600 Index Fund (PSSNX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Principal SmallCap S&P 600 Index Fund ...


Why an S&P 500 fund is a poor long-term investment ...

www.marketwatch.com/story/the-sp-500-index-is-not-your-buddy-2015...


Why an S&P 500 fund is a poor long-term investment By Paul A. Merriman. ... Paul writes a weekly column at MarketWatch and continues his weekly podcast, ...


S&P SmallCap 600® - S&P Dow Jones Indices

us.spindices.com/indices/equity/sp-600


The S&P SmallCap 600® measures the small-cap segment of the U.S. equity market. The index is designed to track companies that meet specific inclusion criteria to ...


iShares S&P Small-Cap 600 Growth ETF | IJT

https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239773


[The iShares S&P Small-Cap 600 Growth ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of small-capitalization U.S. equities that exhibit growth ...


Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is ...

www.marketwatch.com/story/fund-that-almost-tripled-the-sp-500s...


Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks By Philip van Doorn. Published: Feb 2, 2017 ...










S&P 500 Leveraged ETF? - Daily 3x Bull & Bear S&P ETFs



Ad
 ·
www.direxioninvestments.com/​S&P-500-ETF



Bold Trades on S&P 500 - In Either Direction, Bull or Bear. Learn more.





ETF Line-up



S&P 500 Bear 3x ETFs




S&P 500 Bull 3x ETFs



Understanding KNOW





S & P 500 Funds - Search for S & P 500 Funds.



Ad
 ·
Ask.com/​S & P 500 Funds



Search for S & P 500 Funds. Find Results on Ask.com.





Ask a Question



Explore Q&A




Questions and Answers



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





S&p 500 Mutual Fund | webcrawler.com



Ad
 ·
www.webcrawler.com



Search for S&p 500 Mutual Fund With 100's of Results at WebCrawler




S & P 500 Etf - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​S & P 500 Etf/​Now



Find S & P 500 Etf Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now



Searches related tos&p 600 fund



fidelity s&p 500 fund


best index funds


no load index funds


schwab s&p 500 fund



vanguard 500 index fund price


index funds


vanguard index funds list


etf index funds s&p 500




12345Next






Answers







S&P 600



The S&P SmallCap 600 Index, more commonly known as the S&P 600, is a stock market index from Standard & Poor's. It covers roughly the

more






S&P 1500



The S&P 1500, or S&P Composite 1500 Index, is a stock market index of US stocks made by Standard & Poor's. It includes all stocks in the S&P

more






S&P 500 Index



Average, S&P MidCap 400, the S&P SmallCap 600, and the S&P Composite 1500. It is a free-float capitalization-weighted index,

more










s&p 600 fund News






Is Great-West S&P Small Cap 600 Index Fund Worth a Closer Look?



Fool.com Headlines

 - Jul 19


Small-cap stocks have historically outperformed their larger counterparts, and that has led to many investors looking more closely at small caps for their portfolios. You can find many mutual funds...

more





S&P 600 Small Cap Index - Earnings Dashboard



Lipper Fund Market Insight Reports

 - Jul 20


Click here to view the dashboard in detail. Last Update: July 20, 2017 S&P 600 Aggregate Estimates and Revisions Q2 2017 earnings are expected to decrease 8.3% from Q2 2016. Excluding the energy...

more





S&P 600 Small Cap Index - Earnings Dashboard



Lipper Fund Flows Insight Reports

 - Jul 20


Click here to view the dashboard in detail. Last Update: July 20, 2017 S&P 600 Aggregate Estimates and Revisions Q2 2017 earnings are expected to decrease 8.3% from Q2 2016. Excluding the energy...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Law Forum - Legal Help, Advice Online · TheLaw.com
























Home


Notable Authors
New Articles





Law Forum


Search Forums
Recent Posts





Guide


Law Journal


Lawyers


Forms & Files


Add a File
Search Files
Top Contributors
Latest Reviews




Wiki





Members


Notable Members
Current Visitors
Recent Activity
New Profile Posts





Tickets


Open New Ticket




 Search








Log in or Sign up









Top Links










































Legal Help Forum · TheLaw.com
									
									






The Law Forum for Legal Help and Advice











Use of the Law Forum & News
Law forum instructions, announcements, feedback and suggestions. NOT for or legal questions! :)

Discussions: 619
Messages: 2,851













Accidents, Personal Injury Law











Auto Accidents, Injuries
Car accidents, bus accidents, motorcycle accidents, personal injuries suffered concerning motor vehicles and the failure of a driver to exercise reasonable care.

Discussions: 356
Messages: 1,653










Accidents, Injuries, Negligence
General accidents, negligence and personal injury including slip and fall, dog bites, construction accidents, premises liability, wrongful death, strict liability, defective products, inadequate warnings, dangerous drugs, asbestos, mesothelioma, vioxx, Accutane, Paxil and others.

Discussions: 758
Messages: 2,936










Defamation, Libel & Slander
False statements that injure another person that are written (libel) or spoken (slander), false light injury, rights of publicity and some issues concerning privacy rights.

Discussions: 712
Messages: 2,702










Professional, Medical Malpractice
Injury suffered due to the negligence of a professional such as medical malpractice ( doctor, nurse, dentist, health care responsible for a birth injury, operating room accident, failure to diagnose), legal (attorneys) and other (accountants, brokers and members of the clergy.)

Discussions: 322
Messages: 1,249













Auto, Traffic and Motor Vehicles Law











Car Sales, Dealers, Repairs, Lemon Law
Law covering the purchase and sale of automobiles and motor vehicles, new and used, car dealers, private sales, the federal lemon law (the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act), car financing, contracts and warranties. See also auto loans, car loans & repossession.

Discussions: 984
Messages: 4,279










DUI, DWI, BUI, Drunk Driving
Charges and issues concerning drinking and driving (automobile, boat, train or other vehicle) including DUI (driving under the influence), DWI (driving while intoxicated), BUI, BWI, breathalyzer, blood alcohol level and sobriety tests.

Discussions: 527
Messages: 2,175










Drivers License, Vehicle Registration
Application and renewals of a driver's license, points on your a license, suspension and reinstatement of a driver's license. Regulations and issues concerning the registration of motor vehicles, title to the vehicle, inspection of equipment.

Discussions: 162
Messages: 764










Parking Tickets, Towing, Impound
Parking tickets, towing issues, repossession and other non-moving violations including matters in parking hearings, ticket mistakes.

Discussions: 168
Messages: 595










Speeding Tickets, Traffic & Moving Violations
Automobile tickets and citations, speeding and radar, careless and reckless driving, failure to yield, seat belt tickets, cell phone and texting tickets, traffic lane and traffic control violations.

Discussions: 2,519
Messages: 8,857













Bankruptcy Law and Debt











Bankruptcy Law
Issues concerning business or personal bankrutpcy, Federal Bankruptcy Court, reorganization, Chapter 7, Chapter 11, Chapter 13, and assets protected from creditors.

Discussions: 590
Messages: 1,741










Credit, Debt and Collection
Law and regulations concerning business debts, collections, debt collectors, auto loans, repo, credit cards, credit rating, medical bills, student loans.

Discussions: 2,758
Messages: 9,032







Credit, Debt and Collection
Sub-Forums




Auto Loans & Vehicle Repossession




Credit Cards, Credit Rating Repair




Medical Bills, Debt




Real Estate Foreclosures




Student Loans




Other Debt, Collection, Garnishment


















Business and Corporate Law











Business & Corporate Matters
Internal management of partnerships and corporations, bylaws, business operations, contracts, franchise law, shareholders, purchase and sale, dissolution and financial matters.

Discussions: 801
Messages: 2,305










Starting a Business, Incorporation
Issues concerning creating a new business, choosing the right entity, sole proprietorships, partnerships, c & s corporations, LLC, LLP, PLLC, articles of incorporation, registered agents and corporate bylaws. Issues concerning non-profit or not for profit organizations, also known as 501(c)(3) companies.

Discussions: 312
Messages: 830













Consumer Law, Finance











Banking, Finance, Investments
Banks, personal finance, investments in the stock market and other money making opportunities.

Discussions: 381
Messages: 1,136










Consumer Fraud & Scams
Report a scam, slam or alert about a company's practice that you find deceptive

Discussions: 112
Messages: 652










Consumer Law, Contracts, Warranties
Issues concerning consumer transactions in general, retailers, private sales, service providers (cable, phone, Internet, utilities), travel, recreation, home repair, construction, animal and pet law and the UCC.

Discussions: 1,604
Messages: 5,059










Guns, Firearms & Weapons
Ownership and licensing of guns, firearms, knives, mace and other weapons, state and federal laws, requirements and constitutional rights issues.

Discussions: 7
Messages: 44













Criminal Law











Criminal Charges
Criminal charges for alcohol and drug related crimes, DUI-DWI, guns and weapons offenses, assault & battery, burglary, home invasion, arson, computer crime, fraud, financial crimes (bad checks, embezzlement), stalking, harassment, trespass, sex crimes, shoplifting, robbery and theft. See also:
DUI, DWI & Drunk Driving   ·  Child Abuse, Child Porn  ·  Juvenile Crime  ·  TRO, Protective & Restraining Order

Discussions: 6,634
Messages: 31,358










Criminal Procedure, Criminal Court
Criminal procedure in criminal court, beginning from search and seizure, Miranda warning, warrants and arrests by the police. Following is arraignment and bail. If necessary are criminal trials, sentencing, plea bargains and restitution. There may be parole, probation, prison & jail and restitution. Also covers criminal attorneys, public defenders and the criminal justice system.

Discussions: 2,270
Messages: 7,741










Criminal Records, Expungement
Issues concerning criminal records, what can be seen, who can obtain them, how to remove or "expunge" criminal records, sealing criminal records. Also see Background Checks for Employment.

Discussions: 384
Messages: 1,485










Justice System, Criminal Lawyers
Issues concerning officers of the court and their conduct including criminal defense lawyers, retainer agreements, court appointed lawyers and how to obtain representation, judges, ineffective assistance of counsel.

Discussions: 148
Messages: 672










Probation, Parole, Incarceration
Plea arrangements and the sentencing of criminal defendants to probation, parole requests, hearings, probation and parole violations.

Discussions: 416
Messages: 1,499













Employment & Labor Law











Employment, Labor, Work Issues
Work related legal matters including hiring & background checks, problems at work like discrimination,  harassment & disability based on gender and race, including FMLA & medical leave, compensation, wages and overtime including the federal minimum wage, firing and termination.

Discussions: 5,465
Messages: 23,729







Employment, Labor, Work Issues
Sub-Forums




Discrimination & Sexual Harassment




Employee Benefits, Pensions




Employment Contracts & Work Policies




Hiring, Applications, Background Checks




Medical Leave & Disability




Termination: Firing & Resignation




Wage and Hour, Overtime















Human Resources
Discussion of issues concerning Human Resources departments and professionals

Discussions: 75
Messages: 2,989










Independent Contractors & Consultants
Legal issues concerning "freelance" jobs or private contractors - work performed by someone who is not an employee. Also includes artists, musicians, renovators, designers and craftsmen.

Discussions: 63
Messages: 263










Unemployment Insurance & Benefits
Eligibility and requirements for unemployment benefits, how to apply, denial of benefits, duration, extension.

Discussions: 59
Messages: 269










Workers Compensation
Injuries caused in or suffered as a result of the workplace, workman's compensation law, how to file a claim, qualification, disputes and awards.

Discussions: 341
Messages: 1,192













Estate Planning & Administration











Elder Law, Medicaid & Disability
Other issues concerning estate planning and administration including elder law issues concerning people growing older, medicaid, disability, medicare.

Discussions: 35
Messages: 141










Estate Administration & Probate Court
Administration of an estate, handling probate court, whether the estate needs to pass through probate, distribution of assets to heirs, payment of expenses to creditors.

Discussions: 1,691
Messages: 4,905










Estate Planning, Creating Wills & Trusts
General estate planning including financial planning, the requirements for and how to create a will or a trust and other documents.

Discussions: 101
Messages: 417










Power of Attorney & Living Wills
How to create and draft a power of attorney or a living will document, the different types of instruments and the powers and rights they grant, how to limit powers or revoke them.

Discussions: 79
Messages: 315










Guardianships & Conservatorships
Dealing with guardians, conservators, court appointed, wards.












Family Law, Divorce & Children











Children & Juvenile Law
Legal matters concerning children: Child support and child custody, visitation, adoption, child neglect and abuse, paternity, DNA tests, emancipation and adoption.

Discussions: 6,108
Messages: 29,103




Children & Juvenile Law
Sub-Forums




Adoption




Child Abuse, Neglect & Porn




Child Custody & Visitation




Child Support




Emancipation Law




Grandparents Rights




Paternity Law & DNA Tests




Juvenile Crime, Law & Court















Divorce, Separation & Annulment
The process of terminating a marriage, annulments, legal separation that may be required prior to a divorce decree, alimony and spousal support, division of property and mediation.

Discussions: 3,176
Messages: 10,534




Divorce, Separation & Annulment
Sub-Forums




Alimony & Spousal Support




Division of Marital Property




Divorce Mediation




Divorce, Separation, Annulment















Other Family Law Issues
Legal issues arising from engagements and living together, how to legally formalize a marriage, name changes, guardianship and disability, Elder Law and also domestic violence and restraining orders.

Discussions: 2,209
Messages: 9,723




Other Family Law Issues
Sub-Forums




Domestic Violence & Abuse




Guardians & Conservators




Marriage, Engagement, Domestic Partnerships




Name Changes




Protective & Restraining Orders




Other Family Law Matters


















Government & Administrative Law











Constitutional Law & Civil Rights
Issues concerning the Constitution, rights and freedoms, violations of personal civil rights.

Discussions: 304
Messages: 1,469










Education Law, School System
Law and regulations pertaining to the educational system, the public school system, special needs issues including qualification and testing, special education, also includes private schooling systems.

Discussions: 192
Messages: 827










Military Law
Law, regulations and benefits concerning the military, the army, navy, air force, marines and coast guard, recruiting and enlisting, criminal matters, military court, military benefits and veterans disability.

Discussions: 26
Messages: 139










Social Security, Disability & Health
Social Security law, disability and health government benefits and programs, SSI (Supplemental Security Income) and SSDI (Social Security Disability Insurance).

Discussions: 66
Messages: 298










Taxation
Tax law, personal and business taxes, tax returns, the IRS, state and local taxes.

Discussions: 352
Messages: 1,247










Other Governmental Matters
Any other matters pertaining to government and governmental law, requirements and eligibility for government grants, public assistance programs, small business, welfare, voting and election law.

Discussions: 41
Messages: 194













Immigration Law











Cultural, Training, Student Visa
Education and student visa (F1, F2, F3), OPT, cultural program (J1, J2), vocational and technical school (M1).

Discussions: 46
Messages: 121










Investment, Work Visa
Work Visas (B1, B2, H1B, H2A, H2B, H3), intracompany transfer visa (L), Ability & Achivement(O, P1, P2), trade and investor visa (E), G Visa, TN Visa for Canadian and Mexican workers.

Discussions: 134
Messages: 420










Green Card, Residency, Naturalization
Legal matters concerning Green Card issues arising after permanent residency is established and the naturalization process to obtain U.S. Citizenship.

Discussions: 365
Messages: 1,211










Family Immigration, Fiancee & Marriage Visa
Family-based immigration, K1 Visa (Fiance - Fiancee) K2 (children) K3 (Marriage) IR-1/CR-1 Spousal Visa.

Discussions: 253
Messages: 768










Visiting the U.S., Passports
Visiting the U.S., tourist visa (B1) medical treatment (B2), passport, port of entry and visa waiver.

Discussions: 34
Messages: 110










Immigration Issues
Concerning immigration status and applications including criminal records and crime in moral turpitude (CIMT), overstay, unlawful presence, unlawful entry, deportation, reentry, I-212 admission, asylum and all other immigration issues.

Discussions: 839
Messages: 2,915













Insurance Law











Automobile & Car Insurance
Obtaining insurance for motor vehicles, making insurance claims and dealing with insurance companies, matters concerning uninsured vehicles and motorists.

Discussions: 294
Messages: 908










Health Insurance, HMO, HIPAA & Disability
Obtaining health insurance coverage, policies, HIPAA, HMO programs, long term disability insurance and other legal issues concerning healthcare insurance.

Discussions: 145
Messages: 550










Homeowners, Fire, Casualty
Homeowners insurance and affect the home such as fire, storm, tornado, earthquake and natural disaster insurance.

Discussions: 55
Messages: 233










Life Insurance, Annuities & Other
Coverage and legal issues concerning life insurance, annuities, homeowners insurance, commercial insurance policies, shipping.

Discussions: 87
Messages: 261













Intellectual Property & Internet Law











Copyright, Trademark, Patent Law
Legal protection of creations - copyright ("works of authorship" such as books, music, movies and software), trademark (brands, logos, slogans, business identity), patent (inventions). Issues concerning trade secrets, infringement, the DMCA and the USPTO (US Patent & Trademark Office.)

Discussions: 912
Messages: 3,319










Internet & Social Media Law
Law concerning cyberspace, frequently copyright law, includes eBay, Facebook, Twitter, Groupon, Linked-In, online dating, spam email, online auctions, online deals.

Discussions: 807
Messages: 3,377













Legal System, Civil Courts











Alternative Dispute Resolution
Alternative dispute resolution "ADR" includes arbitration and mediation. It is usually quicker and cheaper than in-court litigation. Includes collaborative law, AAA, JAMS and is used for domain name disputes.

Discussions: 292
Messages: 873










Civil Court, Procedure & Litigation
Issues concerning civil litigation - how to start a lawsuit, answer a complaint, respond to a summons, service, subpoenas, and discovery, motion practice.

Discussions: 605
Messages: 2,576










Expert Witnesses & Investigators
Issues concerning expert witnesses, private investigators, hiring, in-court testimony, the need for experts, evidentiary matters.

Discussions: 50
Messages: 241










Judgement Enforcement & Collection
Issues concerning enforcing a judgment, collective damages won after trial, information subpoena and restraining orders, wage garnishment, asset location and recovery.

Discussions: 78
Messages: 297










Law School & Careers in Law
Matters concerning law students, careers in law, paralegal training and licensing, legal secretaries, other jobs in law and law enforcement, law outline exchange.

Discussions: 202
Messages: 685










Lawyers, Legal Practice, Ethics & the Bar
The practice of law, operating and managing a law firm, ethics, state law licensing, continuing legal education and issues concerning the state and local bar associations.

Discussions: 546
Messages: 1,538










Small Claims & Municipal Court
Small claims courts and municipal courts with a low dollar value. Usually covers general civil claims that are under $10,000 and may be settled in one or a limited number of hearings.

Discussions: 2,023
Messages: 7,277













Real Estate Law: Purchase, Sale, Ownership











Buying, Selling & Financing Real Estate
Law and legal issues concerning the purchase and sale of residential and commercial real estate, including financing, mortgages and foreclosure as well as condo and co-op matters.

Discussions: 1,215
Messages: 3,438




Buying, Selling & Financing Real Estate
Sub-Forums




Buying & Selling a Home or Residence




Commercial Transactions & Investments




Foreclosure, Repossession, Auctions, Short Sales




Mortgages & Financing















Ownership & Title
Legal issues concerning ownership of real estate and title to real property. Includes boundary disputes, adverse possession and easements, zoning and eminent domain, title and deeds including quitclaim deeds.

Discussions: 1,734
Messages: 4,988




Ownership & Title
Sub-Forums




Adverse Possession




Condo & Co-op Issues




Boundary Disputes




Easements & Right of Way Law




Joint Ownership




Homeowners Associations & Boards




Liens & Encumbrances




Quitclaim Deeds




Other Ownership, Use & Privacy Issues


















Rental Property: Landlord Tenant Law











Commercial Landlord & Tenant Issues
All issues concerning commercial property being leased by a landlord to a tenant including lease agreements, security deposits, utilities, cost of living increases and eviction.

Discussions: 234
Messages: 918










Eviction, Recovery of Premises
Regulation and the process of eviction of a tenant by a landlord. Includes 3 day notice, holdover eviction, non-payment of rent and injunctive measures such as the Yellowstone Injunction.

Discussions: 296
Messages: 1,342










Moving In & Out, Movers
Legal matters concerning moving in and moving out of a premises including issues with movers and moving companies, the landlord and the managing agents.

Discussions: 60
Messages: 263










Living in, Use of the Premises
Landlord tenant issues concerning the use of the rental property such as quiet enjoyment (undisturbed use of the leased property) and noisy neighbors, rent, utilities, living conditions, repairs, maintenance,  additional fees, tenant abatements, roommates and joint leases and pet issues.

Discussions: 209
Messages: 858










Rental Agreements & Subleases
Drafting and understanding rent and lease agreements, including any additional lease agreements concerning the same property (sublease) by the original tenant to another tenant (subtenant).

Discussions: 218
Messages: 938










Roomate & Joint Leases
Matters concerning roommates or housemates including where multiple tenants sign one lease and are responsible for lease obligations as joint leaseholders and tenants.

Discussions: 325
Messages: 1,139










Security Deposits
Issues concerning the amount a landlord may hold as a security deposit, treatment of security deposits by a landlord and the timely return of security deposits.

Discussions: 165
Messages: 696










Other Residential Landlord & Tenant Issues
Any other Landlord & Tenant issue not covered.

Discussions: 4,187
Messages: 14,584













Feedback and Other Topics











Mobile Apps
Technical support and feedback for our popular and top rated Law Guide & Law Dictionary app for Android and iPhone mobile phones.

Discussions: 6
Messages: 22










Other Legal Issues
If you cannot find an appropriate legal forum to post then it belongs here. This may include general questions about property, licenses or other matters not covered above.

Discussions: 2,059
Messages: 7,206










Lawyer Jokes, Stories
Tell your wild and crazy lawyer stories and best lawyer jokes here.

Discussions: 84
Messages: 271










General Chat, News, TV, Politics
Social banter, current issues, the news, politics, TV, sports, law shows on TV. Mostly non-legal issues, not about cases but about conversation.

Discussions: 103
Messages: 514














Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google



Your name or email address:




Do you already have an account?




						No, create an account now.

						Yes, my password is:


Forgot your password?








 Stay logged in















Sign up now!




Most Legal Likes, Past 30 Days



mightymoose
52


army judge
45


adjusterjack
28


ElleMD
21


zddoodah
20


Highwayman
17


txls
10


cbg
6


leslie82
6


Michael M. Wechsler
6


cynthiag
3


shrinkmaster
3
















Welcome to TheLaw.com! Please take a moment and Register today!











Web - s&p fund



























































 








Search Results from:





Web

Images 

Videos 

News 














 




        Did you mean: 
    



Ads
 





Are you looking for?



Ads


s&p fund Articles


How To Identify Different Types Of Alzheimer’s Disease


www.knowzo.com/health/alzheimers-disease/how-to-identify-different-types-of-alzheimers-disease/

Although the effects of the disease are similar, people should realize that there are three different types of alzheimer’s.



Understanding What Causes Crohns Disease


www.knowzo.com/health/crohns-disease/understanding-what-causes-crohns-disease/

Understanding what causes Crohn's disease starts with a consideration of numerous factors, including environmental input, previous infections, smoking, the immune system, and genetics.…



More Information On What Is Associates Degree


www.knowzo.com/education/business-degrees/more-information-on-what-is-associates-degree/

Associate's degrees are academic programs that are completed at undergraduate level. It gives graduates basic academic and technical knowledge on specific fields, which they can use for…



s&p fund News


s&p fund Images


s&p fund Videos
 


Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Ads



Are you looking for?







1
2
3
4
5
Next
















 








Search Results from:









About
•
Privacy Policy
•

Terms of Use

•

Contact Us

•
2017 SearchAll.com


























