

Kimora Lee Simmons and husband Tim Leissner take baby Wolfe for a stroll  | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.



 News



 Sports


 
 

U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


U.S. Showbiz


U.K. Showbiz


Headlines


Arts


Pictures


Blogs


Video


TV Listings



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










John McCain lectures the senators who gave him a hero's welcome after brain cancer operation, telling them to end the partisan gridlock - then rebukes Trump for failing to treat them as equals





Revealed: Mom-of-two shot dead her estranged husband's girlfriend and then killed her son, nine, and daughter, five, before shooting herself to cause 'everlasting consequences' for her ex





Two-month-old boy dies after his mother fell asleep while breastfeeding him in her arms





Young girl who suffered a head wound as a baby while being abused by her father dies from her injuries ten years later





Ohio murderer arrives at the 'death house' for last meal of cheese and mushroom pizza, Pepsi and strawberry cheesecake before the state's first execution since botched 2014 attempt





'Time will tell': Donald Trump leaves Jeff Sessions twisting in the wind after calling his attorney general 'weak' in a tweet storm and suggesting he wants to fire him





EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams bashes couple involved in fatal car crash as negligent, demands autopsy report and claims the victim was not wearing his seat belt and his wife was not injured or disfigured





Passengers on the human smuggler truck speak of the horror inside as children screamed for water and immigrants were color-coded before climbing into the big rig of death





How smugglers offer crammed big rigs for $5,500 as 'VIP treatment' to US and women prefer it as they will be less likely to be raped 





Man charged with driving the big rig in which 10 immigrants roasted to death in the Texas sun had a suspended trucker's license





People close to notorious Zetas cartel helped immigrants found in truck in Walmart parking lot cross the Rio Grande, according to survivor 





EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid reveals she was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease, ridiculed by her RHOBH co-stars for faking it and cruelly dumped by David Foster who told her 'your sick card is up'





Man, 38, 'who impregnated 11-year-old girl denies wrongdoing and claims she may have raped HIM while he slept'





REVEALED: How Chicago cops are still stumped five years after $1million lottery winner was murdered by cyanide poisoning before he collected his winnings





NYPD cop's daughter is born thirty one months after he and his partner were shot to death in their Brooklyn patrol car





US Navy ship fires warning shots at Iranian vessel after it comes within 150 YARDS of the American warship in the Arabian Gulf





North Korea could launch intercontinental nuclear missiles within ONE YEAR, US officials warn - and may resume tests this WEEK





Delta Airlines flight 'delayed for two hours because of row in which pilot described stewardess as a piece of s*** and used racist language'





EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's Miami mansion on the line as the SexyBack producer is ordered to cough up $3.8 million he owes to Uncle Sam in back taxes





Frank Sinatra's widow Barbara passes away aged 90 in California... almost 20 years after the death of her legendary husband





Dance and destroy: Mickey Rourke hit with $30,000 lawsuit after failing to pay rent, causing extensive damages, and installing unapproved 'disco light fixtures' at his NYC apartment





Huge drop in sperm count could lead to human EXTINCTION: Study reveals 60% drop in fertility since 1970 - driven by the unhealthy Western lifestyle





Incredible pictures show an Amazonian witch doctor introducing his new apprentice, 13 to a sacred and hallucinogenic brew and teaching him the secrets of the forest





Biggest ever NFL brain study diagnoses CTE in 99% of deceased players' brains




Previous
Next











Family day! Kimora Lee Simmons and husband Tim Leissner take baby Wolfe for a stroll 
By

Chelsea White For Dailymail.com


Published:
  01:28 EDT, 23 May 2015

 | 
Updated:
  09:36 EDT, 25 May 2015














e-mail








12
shares

 
           6
View  comments



He may have just had his first public debut the day before, but already little Wolfe is getting a taste for the high life.On Friday, for the second day in a row, the little baby was soaking in the fancy atmosphere that is Beverly Hills, California.As they say it takes a village, so while the two-month-old was out with just his mother Kimora Lee Simmons on Thursday, this time around his dad Tim Leissner and the family dog joined in their for a stroll around the exclusive neighbourhood. Scroll down for video    





 All paws on deck: Kimora Lee Simmons, her husband Tim Leissner and the family dog took baby Wolfe for a stroll around Beverly Hills, California, on FridayThe foursome was the picture perfect family with Tim pushing their little bundle of joy along while his 40-year-old wife held on to the dog's lead.Little Wolfe did not get a chance to see much of Beverly Hills however, as he contentedly resting in the pram with a blanket shading him from the sun. While she only gave birth at the start of April, Kimora looked great in her casual ensemble of leggings, a pale pink sweater and trainers.  





 Content and complete: The foursome was the picture perfect family with Tim pushing their little bundle of joy along while his 40-year-old wife held on to the dog's lead

































Show your sporty side with these Nike running sneakers




Nike Roshe Run Sneakers
Available at Nordstrom



Visit site



She just gave birth to her fourth child and already Kimora Lee Simmons looks better than ever. The socialite was spotted out with her husband, Tim Leissner, and their son, Wolf, in relaxed attire.
Clad in a pink shirt and black leggings, the former model finished off her casual ensemble with a pair of Nike sneakers and dark shades. 
The Roshe Run shoes are also popular amongst the Kardashian clan for their sporty functionality and stylish appearance. You can get a pair for only $75 at Nordstrom with a click to the right.
Or browse through the carousel below for similar footwear from your favorite athletic brands. If these don't get you to the gym, we don't know what will!



* PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED


...NOW GET ONE LIKE IT FOR LESS










Adidas NEO  Lite Racer Running Shoe at Amazon


Visit site









Skechers  Memory Foam Running Sneakers from Finish Line at Macy's (now $49.98)


Visit site









FILA Memory Resilient 2 Running Sneakers at Saks Off Fifth (now $34.99)


Visit site









New Balance '620' Sneaker at Nordstrom


Visit site





















Her banker husband also dressed casually wearing a white T-shirt with a pair of black pants and a cap.The couple officially announced the birth of their child on April 14 with their rep confirming the arrival via People.The pair said in a statement: 'We are filled with joy, adoration and gratitude as we celebrate the birth of our son,'  





 He's here: The couple officially announced the birth of Wolfe on April 14 and a few days later shared this Instagram shot  





 Big brood:  The reality star has two daughters Ming, 15, and Aoki, 12, with Russell Simmons, as well as six-year-old son Kenzo with Djimon Hounsou, while Tim has two daughters from a previous relationshipA few days later when the now mom of four had a chance to recuperate after delivering the rather heavy 11 pound baby, she took to Instagram to express her excitement.The star wrote: 'Wolfe Lee is finally here! After an all natural, intimate, beautiful, long birth! 'He's everything we thought he would be and MORE! I am so grateful to my amazing husband for all of his support and love through it all. He never left my side! It wasn't easy, but we did it!'  





 Tough introduction: Wolfe was 11 pounds and delivered naturally after a long labor Since then the star has posted a number of snaps of her little boy including on her birthday.On that image, Kimora wrote: 'Today's my birthday. I'm such a lucky girl to wake up to this gorgeous little man and my beautiful husband, kids and family. This is how it's supposed to be... I woke up like this....!!'Wolfe is Kimora's forth child as she has two daughters Ming, 15, and Aoki, 12, with Russell Simmons, as well as six-year-old son Kenzo with Djimon Hounsou, while Tim has two daughters from a previous relationship.Besides adding to her family it has been a busy time of late for the star, with Kimora expanding her clothing range KLS.This expansion has come at a cost however, as the star announced on Tuesday she is stepping away from being president and creative director of JustFab - a position she has held since 2011 and the business which she based her reality show Kimora: House of Fab on.Explaining her reasons for leaving on Instagram, she wrote: 'I’m happy to share with you that I have decided to step away from JustFab and focus on my own business and philanthropic ventures. 'I look forward to the many exciting aspects of this new chapter in my life, growing my family and investing in new innovative businesses in the fields of fashion, entertainment, consumer goods and technology.'  





 Blessed: Gushing about her son, the 40-year-old said, 'He's everything we thought he would be and MORE! I am so grateful to my amazing husband for all of his support and love through it all. He never left my side! It wasn't easy, but we did it'






 


Read more:

Kimora Lee Simmons Welcomes Son Wolfe – Moms &amp; Babies – Celebrity Babies and Kids - Moms &amp; Babies - People.com





Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








12
shares











      Most watched News videos          Horrified uber passenger films driver receiving oral sex         Driver kills her sister in crash while live streaming on her phone         Officer of Libyan National Army kills 20 prisoners in mass execution         Jordan releases security footage of shooting of 3 US troops         William and Harry talk about Diana in special 20th anniversary documentary         Horrific moment student falls to her death during college exercise         Heartbreaking statement by Chris Gard after latest hearing         British couple led off by Thai police after 'having sex in sea'         Muhammad Saleem confronted by paedophile hunters in Newcastle         Man has water poured over him after acid attack in East London         Prince Harry jokes about saying no to being dressed up by mother         Charlie Gard's mother Connie Yates arrives at court         





       The Uber ride from hell: Horrified passenger films...      Girl, 16, who posted heartbreaking pic of prom dress she...      'Anyone else want to reach into the TV and give them a...      Couple on their way to £7,000 Hawaii honeymoon are...      Charlie Gard’s parents’ fight to take their...      The monster morgue: Bodies of Ian Brady and Manchester...      'I think she doesn't know what happened': Devastated...      'We've got acid on us': Two teenagers with 'skin peeling...      Moment terrified thrillseekers as young as 12 are...      Father donned lipstick and pretended to be a woman to...      PIERS MORGAN: Planet Diana was a crazy place but even...      The baby boy who moved the world: Even battle-hardened...      Consider yourself a law-abiding citizen? How the average...      Shocking moment naked man 'high on drugs' goes on rampage...      Canadian polygamist of the fundamentalist community...      Corbyn faces calls to RESIGN for reneging on promise to...      Horrifying moment girl, 16, plunges off the edge of her...      Moment pizza chef, 32, who thought he was meeting a...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 6

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have been moderated in advance.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          Rihanna flaunts her curves in a plunging gown as she competes in the cleavage stakes with co-star Cara Delevingne at Valerian premiere in Paris
          












          A love match! Shirtless Wimbledon champion Roger Federer soaks up the sun alongside his bikini-clad wife Mirka during family vacation in Italy
          












          Kate Gosselin says it's 'bittersweet' that special needs son Collin cannot attend the 13th birthday party for her sextuplets
          
          TV mom, 42, opened up about heartache
        











          Hard-partying Scott Disick is just 'lashing out over sadness of split' from Kourtney Kardashian
          
          Ended their relationship way back in 2015
        











          Melania surfaces! The First Lady looks pretty in pink as she is pictured by Donald Trump's side for the first time in over a week
          
          Every inch a style icon
        














          Blondes have more fun! Reese Witherspoon bares cleavage in plunging black one-piece for boat ride with girlfriends in The Hamptons
          












          'We're kind of engaged': Robert Pattinson addresses his relationship with 'amazing' and 'super talented' fiancée FKA twigs
          












          She's feeling herself! Ashley Graham flaunts every curve as she stars in sizzling video modeling her latest lacy lingerie designs
          
          Seriously sexy 
        











          Justin Bieber raises eyebrows after brushing his TEETH and hugging a reporter during BIZARRE Hillsong interview amid reports singer cancelled his tour to start a church
          












          'Quit being so silly!' Jenna Bush Hager gets public telling off from mom Laura after she and Al Roker tried to prank call former first lady on the Today show
          












          'Look what you're missing!' Celebrities reveal how they would spend a night with an ex... and what their parting words would be 
          
          SPONSORED
        













          'I got constant bullying from him!': Amber Rose claims Kanye West broke her heart, left her no money and almost caused her to commit suicide
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid reveals she was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease and cruelly dumped by David Foster who told her 'your sick card is up'
          












          Blast of color! This Is Us actress Chrissy Metz looks pretty in multi-colored dress in NYC to promote her hit TV show
          
          Donned a multi-patterned dress 
        











          Playful Nicole Scherzinger, 39, gives a nod to Harry Styles, 23, with hilarious slogan tee... two years after THOSE 'secret fling' claims 
          












          Braless Barbara Palvin teases at her side boob as she narrowly avoids wardrobe malfunction while whipping off her dress during sizzling photoshoot in St Tropez 
          












          Smoldering Jessica Chastain opts for pared-back make-up with sexy sheer top before larking around in glasses and denim for dazzling new shoot 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Jill Zarin to reunite with RHONY co-stars at fifth annual Luxury Luncheon at her mansion - where guests will receive MILLION dollar gift bags
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams bashes couple involved in fatal car crash as negligent, demands autopsy report and claims victim was not wearing seat belt 
          












          More cake! Jennifer Lopez is surprised with sweet treat by Shades Of Blue cast and crew as she celebrates 48th birthday on set in Queens, New York
          












          She's RIsponsible! As Rihanna becomes more influential in the fashion world, we take a look at the trends the singer-songwriter started
          
          Fearless approach 
        












          Frank Sinatra's widow Barbara passes away aged 90 in California... almost 20 years after the death of her legendary husband
          
          They married in 1976
        











          Nick Viall smiles with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi after rocky relationship rumors and one-on-one lunch with Bachelor In Paradise castmate
          












          Beat the heat! Miley Cyrus rocks black bikini while shopping in Malibu with mother Tish
          
          The 24-year-old pop diva showed off her numerous inkings 
        











          Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shops with beau Doug, 55, at Home Depot... and leaves with ladder sticking out of her pricey Bentley convertible
          












          FIRST PHOTO: Jill Duggar asks followers to 'meet Samuel Scott Dillard' as she shares Instagram snap of new baby with husband Derek
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's Miami mansion on the line as the SexyBack producer is ordered to cough up $3.8 million he owes to Uncle Sam in back taxes
          














          Justin Bieber cancelled the remainder of his Purpose world tour because he is 'rededicated his life to Christ and wants to start his own church'
          












          Permanent tribute! Drake tattoos Lil Wayne's face on his arm... eight years after rapper signed him
          
          Canadian star's latest inking has significance
        











          Legs for days! Jourdan Dunn shows off her model limbs in mini skirt as she rocks double denim on New York stroll
          
          The 27-year-old looked cool on hot summer day 
        











          Her girl squad! Reese Witherspoon leaves her husband and three kids at home to party with pals in The Hamptons
          
          The 41-year-old actress was all smiles 
        












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Elizabeth Hurley found love again with Yolanda Hadid's ex? Actress is all smiles as she's pictured for first time with David Foster
          












          Kellyanne Kennedy! Ms. Conway dons a Jackie O-inspired white skirt suit for a day at the White House - but skips the former first lady's iconic pillbox hat
          












          Lean on me! Teresa Giudice takes father Giacinto out in New York City... four months after the death of her mother Antonia Gorga
          












          A home run! Baseball legend Jose Canseco's daughter Josie looks just like her Playboy model mom Jessica as she hits Miami beach in white bikini
          












          Yes, there are more Hadids in the world! Bella and Gigi  join their older half-sister Marielle during casual stroll in New York City
          
          Quality time together
        











          Having a ball! Lindsay Lohan slips into a slinky aqua swimsuit as she frolics in the pool during sun-soaked getaway to Greek island of  Mykonos 
          












          They work out together! Charlize Theron reveals she didn't train with old pal Keanu Reeves for Atomic Blonde... but they use the same gym
          












          Liam Hemsworth runs Rebel Wilson over with his car while filming their new movie Isn't It Romantic in New York City
          
          Drama on the streets!
        











          Taylor Swift and boyfriend Joe Alwyn go to extreme measures to hide from cameras with a giant umbrella and hoodies as they step out in NYC
          












          Catfight alert! Besties Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez go head-to-head with frenemy Katy Perry in Best Collaboration category for MTV VMAs
          
          It could get nasty...
        











          With her man! Selena Gomez holds onto beau of seven months The Weeknd as she celebrates her 25th birthday in LA
          
          Pair looked very cozy
        











          JR Smith heads to Miami with miracle baby  Dakota as family celebrates another milestone for tot born five months early who weighed ONE pound
          












          Sun's out, buns out! Joanna Krupa shows ex Romain Zago what he's missing by baring  naked booty during 'well deserved' Mykonos vacation
          












          'Telling him "lol no one likes you" was the last straw': Chrissy Teigen is BLOCKED by President Trump on Twitter
          
          Model isn't a fan of man in White House
        











          Katy Perry, The Weeknd, Kendrick Lamar lead MTV Video Music Award nominations... with Ariana Grande, Rihanna on list too
          













          Singer Tinashe receives restraining order against obsessed fan who thinks they're married because he is 'unable to distinguish reality from fantasy'
          












          Primped to perfection! Ivanka Trump models a chic up-do and a $900 blue lace dress to host children's summer reading event at the Smithsonian
          












          From mismatched bikinis, to high-cut maillots, FEMAIL reveals the seven hottest trends from Miami Swim Week - and details where you can shop them NOW
          












          Mickey Rourke hit with $30,000 lawsuit after failing to pay rent, causing extensive damages, and installing unapproved 'disco light fixtures' at his NYC pad
          












          Making a statement! Model Sofia Richie wears long  Matrix-style coat with 'conflict' written on back during strut through New York City
          












          'So lucky to be his mommy': Naomi Watts pays tribute to son Alexander 'Sasha' Pete on his 10th birthday and shares photos from their trip to Africa
          












          One hot Bachelorette body! Rachel Lindsay flashes her toned abs in Texas... after admitting it's getting harder to keep identity of fiance a secret
          












          It can still be yours! Sale of Aaron Hernandez's $1.3million home falls through leaving mansion empty three months after he committed suicide
          












          'I give Justin two thumbs up!': John Mayer says Bieber would have done DAMAGE to himself if he had not ended Purpose World Tour early
          












          'The only woman who has ever loved me unconditionally': RHOA star Kenya Moore mourns the loss of grandmother who raised her
          












          'Keep calm and carry on!' Prince Albert of Monaco shares relationship advice for Harry and Meghan and admits that joining a royal family is 'tough act'
          












          Even reality TV divas love junk food! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are caught chowing down on McDonald's in video taken by Khloe
          












          What men REALLY want! Dating app which finds matches based on celebs its users find sexy reveals most guys lust after gals who look like Shakira and Kim
          












          Karrueche Tran flaunts her enviable abs in a white crop top and relaxed army pants as she hits the shops in LA
          
          Claws actress kept things casual 
        











          Dylan O'Brien reveals training for American Assassin role 'was very good for recovery' after on-set injury
          
          Hurt 16 months ago when stunt went wrong 
        











          Are YOU 'beach bum' ready like model Emily Ratajkowski? Trainer reveals the killer moves you need to get in shape for each swimwear style and look hot all summer 
          












          'Omgggggggg why y'all doin this to me?': Nicki Minaj joins Snapchat and within minutes fans blow up her phone with messages and calls
          
          What took her so long?
        











          Ivanka Trump shares Arabella's favorite book as she urges children to get reading at event at Smithsonian with Education Secretary Betsy DeVos
          












          Ben who? Naked Jennifer Garner romps with Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston in steamy scenes from new Hollywood flick Wakefield
          












          Blac Chyna shows off her incredible '$100K' hourglass body in night out at Hollywood strip club... after treating herself to brand new $272K Ferrari
          












          Plaid's the way to do it! Kate Bosworth dazzles in a silk midi-dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at National Geographic party in LA
          












          'Keep eating': Kelly Dodd taunts overweight Shannon Beador at The Quiet Woman restaurant on RHOC
          
          Things turned VERY ugly between them
        











          William mixes up his models! Prince appears to confuse Claudia Schiffer and Cindy Crawford during Princess Diana documentary
          












          J.Lo is dubbed the 'Queen of cakes' as fans marvel over her 48th birthday centerpiece (and it's not the first time she's been spoiled with sweet treats...)
          












          U2 star Adam Clayton, 57, becomes a father for the second time as he announces the birth of daughter Alba with wife Mariana de Carvalho
          
          He's 57. she's 39
        











          Oh my Hadid! Gigi and Bella's mom Yolanda, 53, flaunts her shapely backside on mountain getaway break to the Alps
          
          Took to Instagram
        











          Cara Delevingne pokes fun at herself as she is caught on camera stealing a glance at Rihanna's ample cleavage at Valerian premiere in London 
          












          Singer and actress Katharine McPhee puts her 3-bedroom California home on the market for $1.549 million
          
          Scorpion star on move
        











          Studios behind Deadpool and Terminator Genisys are accused of using stolen technology to create their special effects
          
          Lawsuit filed
        











          Duke of Edinburgh's final official royal engagement before retirement will be a Royal Marines parade at Buckingham Palace next week 
          












          Jon Snow and Khaleesi finally moved closer to meeting but Arya Stark not being eaten by her direwolf was a cop-out. The highs and lows in Game Of Thrones
          












          Swimsuit model Joy Corrigan suffers a wardrobe malfunction in a flimsy white dress during shoot on Miami Beach
          
          Revealed too much
        











          Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington bought $2.5million Los Angeles home for his family just two months before he was found dead in a bedroom
          












          No Summertime Sadness here! Lana Del Rey flashes a beaming smile as she rocks skinny jeans and tight blouse at BBC radio studios in London
          












          Whatever floats your boat! Shirtless One Direction star Liam Payne busts a move aboard a lavish yacht as he soaks up the sun at sea with a DJ pal
          












          Back to the (other) day job: Roger Federer takes three-year-old twin sons Lenny and Leo out in Italy as he plays doting dad after eighth Wimbledon win
          












          Justin Bieber's rumored flame Audreyana Michelle shows off her model proportions in skimpy crop top as she steps out in Beverly Hills
          












          Baby I loathe your way: Peter Frampton fans livid after singer storms off stage during live show and tries to rip video equipment off cameraman 
          












          Girls about town! Kim Kardashian slips into cleavage-baring top as sister Kourtney flashes bra in sheer blouse while running errands in Los Angeles
          












          'It's devastating!' Rachel Lindsay sobs in despair as she reaches stalemate with Peter Kraus on The Bachelorette
          
          Big shock for sexy lawyer
        











          Al Pacino steps back into Joe Paterno's shoes as he returns to the New York set of movie about disgraced Penn State football coach
          












          In bed with Chrissy Teigen: Beautiful model playfully romps around in bedsheets for Snapchat video
          
          John Legend's wife was topless 
        











          Tom Hanks gets into character as late Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee on the New York City set of Steven Spielberg's new movie The Papers
          












          Makeup-free Paris Jackson, 19, shows off her long legs in tiny shorts and puffs on cigarette as she runs errands with a pal in Los Angeles
          












          Curves ahead! Pirates Of the Caribbean actress Daphne Joy, 30, shows off her amazing body in barely-there bikini on Miami Beach
          
          Had fun in the sun
        











          'Anyone else want to  give them a hug?': Viewers get emotional as Harry and William reveal how they struggled to cope after the death of their mother
          












          Designer Michael Kors agrees $1.2 BILLION deal to buy luxury shoemaker Jimmy Choo, the fashion chain made famous in Sex and The City 
          












          Joan Collins among Saint-Tropez residents fleeing their villas as French firefighters appeal for more planes as huge inferno rips through forest 
          












          'I just don't understand how I let myself go' RHOC's Shannon Beador breaks down after stepping on the scale to learn she's gained 40lbs
          
          She got very tearful
        











          She's out of this world: Braless Rihanna shows off her sensational curves in slinky silver satin dress at Valerian movie premiere afterparty in London
          












          Nothing Meek(s) about them! 'Hot felon' Jeremy and girlfriend Chloe Green coordinate in white ensembles during lunch date as their romance heats up
          












          'Something feels different about Quinn this season': Pregnant Scandal actress Katie Lowes shows off her baby bump on social media
          












          She's electric! Romee Strijd stops traffic in NYC in midriff-baring bright blue ensemble and jaunty pony tail
          
          Accentuated her skinny frame
        











          The Curious Case of Macaulay Culkin: Child actor, 36, is back to his former self with new haircut and healthy glow as he goes on dinner date with Brenda Song
          












          Style in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker cuts a sophisticated figure in blouse and pleated skirt while filming her new flick Best Day Of My Life in NYC
          












          'Justin Bieber can go f*** himself': Singer hit by fan backlash after canceling remainder of Purpose World Tour amid claims 'he's just over it'
          












          Weather or not! Gwen Stefani steps out in cozy cable knit sweater while running errands on hot summer day in LA
          
          The 47-year-old was radiant as ever 
        











          Renee Zellweger cuts chic figure in loose black blouse and matching slacks while off to dine with friends in West Hollywood
          
          Stepped out in style 
        











          Bust of Friends! Matthew Perry bares his chest as he goes topless during 'much needed' vacation in Mexico
          
          Packed on a few pounds
        











          Don't blow out the candles yet! Birthday girl Selena Gomez sizzles in black dress as she steps out AGAIN to party the night away for her 25th milestone
          












          'I like flowers & velvet': Justin Bieber's rumored fling Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS as she pouts with petals in mouth for smouldering snap shared online 
          












          The constant gardener! Cara Santana is stunning in silk as she enjoys cozy dinner date with Desperate Housewives star fiance Jesse Metcalfe
          












          Released 911 tape reveals Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington was found dead by distraught housekeeper
          
          Chilling phone call 
        











          Blac Chyna shows off new ankle tattoo of her initials at Los Angeles airport after her boyfriend Mechie got same
          
          Romance moving fast
        











          As Jennifer Lopez and Olivia Munn dress to impress on their birthdays, FEMAIL reveals six fashions to wear on YOUR special day 
          












          Twice as nice! Model Joy Corrigan shows off her stunning beach body in two different bikinis in sizzling photo shoot on Miami beach
          
          Another day in paradise
        











          In a black mood! Khloe Kardashian wears dark ensemble as she stomps out of studio after filming KUWTK
          
          Was looking as good as ever 
        











          She's so LA! Ashley Tisdale sports trendy tattered shirt and denim cut-offs as she enjoys shopping in Malibu
          
          She surely has money to spend
        











          Party girls! Kim Kardashian posts cute snaps of North West in ripped Cypress Hill shirt as she has face painted at friend's birthday bash
          
          Posted sweet pictures
        











          Mommy duty! Irina Shayk has her hands full with daughter Lea during Beverly Hills shopping trip... as beau Bradley Cooper is nowhere to be seen
          












          Rob Lowe happily poses with lookalike sons Matthew and John Owen in NYC as they promote their new series
          
          Entertainment veteran
        











          Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski shows off slim pins in grey mini as she keeps low profile on gloomy day in LA
          
          She's recently been flaunting her body
        











          Feeling the heat! Riley Keough flashes her toned arms as she removes coat in between takes of Joe Paterno movie in New York
          












          Holy smoke! Kendall Jenner poses NAKED under a chandelier while holding a cigarette (but she insists doesn't have a nicotine addiction)
          
          Clean-living Kardashian
        











          Like father like son! Dapper David Beckham coordinates white ensembles with Brooklyn... amid claims he is leading a 'separate life' from wife Victoria
          












          Did he go too far? Fashion 'bad boy' Jordan Barrett risks being BANNED from Instagram after posting a very explicit photo of a couple having sex
          












          Tom Sturridge collapses onstage in same harrowing George Orwell's 1984 production that made Jennifer Lawrence 'throw up' 
          












          Amy Schumer wears monochrome dress with side split as she supports comedienne pal Bridget Everett at NYC movie screening of Patti Cakes
          












          EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly has hired Bill Cosby's former lawyer Monique Pressley as he faces allegations of keeping young women in an alleged 'sex cult'
          












          'We like spoiling each other': Amber Rose and boyfriend 21 Savage flaunt  matching  blinged out watches worth $55k each
          
          Very into each other 
        











          'Elvis has entered the building!' Olivia Wilde takes to Instagram as she introduces her cute new rescue pup
          
          She couldn't resist sharing 
        











          Girls' night! Mariah Carey slips into skintight leggings and a punky leather jacket as she dines in LA after starting her hit-laden tour with Lionel Richie
          












          Classy wheels! Blac Chyna looks ecstatic as she shows off her brand new $272K Ferrari 488 Spider with baby Dream in her arms
          
          She was so happy 
        











          Fabulous at 50! Halle Berry stuns in cold-shoulder minidress on Miami red carpet for her new film Kidnap
          
          Oscar-winning star has packed diary right now
        











          Hello again! Stunning model Eva Hervagova looks like she hasn't aged since her Wonderbra ad 23 years ago 
          
          She's 44 with three kids
        











          Switching lanes? Tyga enjoys LA stroll with mystery woman in crop top... after splitting with Kylie Jenner
          
          He was wearing a huge grin too 
        











          'I'm getting used as click bait': T.J. Miller takes to Twitter to clarify published remark about female humor
          
          Made another controversial statement
        











          Home sweet home! Pregnant Jessica Alba is casual chic as she lands at LAX after fun family holiday in Hawaii 
          
          Looked fresh faced and relaxed
        











          Atomic Blonde! Charlize Theron rocks bondage-inspired ensemble with black leather bra and fringed mini skirt at LA movie premiere
          












          Ready to rock? Gisele Bundchen shows off model legs and toned tummy as she poses with guitar and microphone for Rosa Cha campaign
          












          Fit fashionista! Bella Hadid flaunts taut tummy in clinging Nike sports bra and leggings while jogging in New York
          
          Showed off figure 
        











          Beach bum! Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio displays her divine derriere in black thong while vacationing in Mexico 
          
          Made a big splash 
        











          Simply stunning! Model Shanina Shaik flaunts exotic beauty in flawless selfie before heading to the airport
          
          She's a former Victoria's Secret model 
        











          Kourtney Kardashian bids farewell to Nantucket with sexy Instagram post... as she heads home with kids Mason, Penelope and Reign
          












          'She's doing wonderful!' Chloe Lattanzi reveals mom Olivia Newton-John is on road to recovery as she says Grease star is using cannabis oil 
          












          She's a doll! Anne Hathaway in talks to replace Amy Schumer for lead role in live-action Barbie movie
          
          Star's schedule is a potential sticking point 
        











          They've got good jeans! Chris Hemsworth and his brother Luke flaunt their buff physiques in casual shirts and denims on night out in Malibu
          












          Mother of stuntman who died on set of The Walking Dead thanks fans for magnificent 'outpouring of love'
          
          Tragic accident claimed his life 
        











          Feline fabulous! Happy Sienna Miller signs autographs in embellished Chanel gown at Cat On A Hot Tin Roof after-party
          
          Grinning from ear to ear 
        











          Grungy gal! Lorde is all smiles as she rocks '90s chic in a quirky black dress over a white blouse while stepping out with a male friend in New Zealand
          












          A little movie magic! Henry Cavill's facial hair 'will be digitally removed' after he does re-shoots for Justice League
          
          Has grown a full beard 
        











          Dressed for comfort! Molly Sims touches down at LAX in skinny jeans and black duster after Hamptons yacht party
          
          Blonde hair was tousled 
        











          'It was a little bit disrespectful': Louis Tomlinson finally addresses fan-fiction romance Larry Stylinson...as he debuts new tattoo
          












          'Sorry for anyone who feels betrayed': Justin Bieber apologizes for canceling remainder of his Purpose World Tour amid claims 'he's just over it'
          












          Rihanna struggles to contain her assets in low-cut scarlet gown at star-studded Valerian European premiere in London... after flick is battered at box office
          












          Chris Noth may be done playing Sex And The City character Mr. Big as he 'wants to tell other stories'
          
          He captured viewers' hearts 
        











          Aren't they MARVEL-ous? From Cate Blanchett's cool bob to Thandie Newton's orange lips, FEMAIL spots biggest Comic Con beauty trends
          












          Usher 'is being sued for $20 MILLION by Atlanta woman who claims she tested positive for herpes after unprotected sexual encounter'
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Man on the run - Zoolander star Ben Stiller turns director to tell the true story of New York state's Shawshank prison escape
          
          Scouting locations
        











          Audrina Patridge sizzles in tiny teal bikini after debuting swimwear line in Miami
          
          Actress, 32, celebrated her first runway show for her label Prey Swim
        











          Rebel Wilson films scenes with Liam Hemsworth on the set of their new comedy Isn't It Romantic in New York after admitting she fantasized about him
          












          Family bonding time! Miley Cyrus hangs out with dad Billy Ray and mom Tish in Malibu
          
          Trio headed to Pavilions supermarket where Miley got some Red Bull
        











          'Don't Google Daddy': David Arquette reveals he hopes to keep his teenage daughter Coco in the dark about his wild past 
          
          In hgis dreams 
        











          Actor James Cromwell is arrested at SeaWorld during PETA protest just ONE MONTH after he spent a week in jail for protesting a New York power plant 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: The Body Elle MacPherson, 53, hits the surf with handsome life coach Jonathan Bush in Mexico following 'split' from billionaire husband
          












          'I don't give a s**t about what I look like': Defiant Cara Delevingne denounces her model status... after admitting she 'didn't like what modelling stood for'
          












          Ariel Winter and Sarah Hyland among four young stars getting 'significant' pay raise as they sign on for Modern Family seasons 9 and 10
          
          Grown up on show 
        











          EXCLUSIVE PICTURES Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Jessica Alba puts her bump on show in little bikini on 'magic' Hawaii getaway with her family
          












          Disney darlings! Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem enjoy some family fun with kids at Disneyland for their daughter's fourth birthday
          












          Nina who? Leonardo DiCaprio chats up models with PAINTED ON gold bikinis at treats! pool party in Miami... two months after splitting from Agdal
          












          New couple? Macaulay Culkin tries to hide his face after LA dinner date with Trace Cyrus' ex-fiancée Brenda Song
          
          Photographed leaving Craig's restaurant
        











          Gone (viral) In 60 Seconds: Bizarre photo of Nicolas Cage in traditional dress during visit to Kazakhstan gets the meme treatment 
          
          He looked very awkward
        











          Quick change artist! Paula Patton flashes her tummy and legs in three outfits as she darts around New York promoting Somewhere Between
          












          'Bliss': Cindy Crawford shows off model legs as she lounges with  feet propped up on boat during family lake trip in Canada
          
          Took to her Instagram
        











          'He let his friend rape her!' 13 Reasons Why Twitter is blasted for 'glorifying' two characters' abusive relationship with a tweet romanticizing their story
          












          To cape it all off! Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot goes makeup-free and wears baggy gray sweatshirt as she lands in London ahead of Comic-Con
          












          She found love again! Bachelor In Paradise's Amanda Stanton holds hands with Robby Hayes after second stint on show 
          
          Pair exited hotel in LA
        











          The Secret (Service) is out! The next James Bond movie will hit screens in November 2019... but has Daniel Craig signed up to the spy franchise again? 
          












          'Not sure about the tash': David Beckham shares throwback snap of his father holding him as a baby as he pays tribute to him on his 69th birthday
          












          Megyn Kelly nabs second in time slot despite getting driven out by NASCAR and battling 'Thrones' then reduces Ricky Gervais into a fit of giggles 
          












          Just the two of us! Jennifer Garner takes daughter Violet to breakfast in LA... after ex Ben Affleck romanced his new love Lindsay in NYC
          












          Beach day for the Baldwins! Alec kisses baby Leo as Hilaria looks sizzling in bikini top as they escape NYC heat with trip to Hamptons
          












          Birthday workout! Jennifer Lopez hits the gym in Miami for Bikram yoga class with Alex Rodriguez as she turns 48 after weekend of joint celebrations
          












          Kim Zolciak 'restrained by castmates after ugly clash with Kenya Moore while filming RHOA'... then daughter Brielle brands her mom's nemesis 'evil b*tch' 
          












          The Simpsons creators reveal Fox executives asked them to curb jokes about network and once refused to have Donald Trump as a guest
          












          Say ost! Swedish royal family gather in pastels for new portrait as they send out summer greetings (but it's little Prince Oscar who steals the show)
          












          La Dolce Vita! Tiffany Trump and mom Marla Maples continue their Italian vacation with a sightseeing trip in Rome, after spending two weeks on a yacht
          












          Life is a bowl of cherries! Reese Witherspoon wears the red fruit on her cute romper as she flashes infectious smile in The Hamptons
          












          Braless Cara Delevingne flashes flesh in bespoke Burberry capelet and suit at premiere of box office Valerian after revealing disinterest in modelling 
          












          Pink-haired Playboy model Carla Howe flashes her semi sheer underwear at the Valerian European premiere in London 
          
          Flaunted her body
        











          A woman's best friend! Nina Dobrev carries  'doctor certified emotional support animal' in NYC as she shows off her toned legs in short overalls
          












          Controversial 'Diana tapes' to finally be aired: Documentary will show the Princess discussing her troubled marriage in candid footage recorded by her voice coach
          












          They're inseparable! Kate Hudson looks chic with floral dress and matching head wrap as she joins new beau Danny Fujikawa for lunch in LA
          












          'I couldn't be in her life when she was with him': Mel B's mom blasts her ex Stephen Belafonte as she is banned from flying to US after outstaying her visa
          












          Bringing the heat to Miami! Halle Berry, 50, appears youthful in gray dress  as she promotes her new thriller Kidnap 
          
          Mother of two was in Sunshine State
        











          'You touched so many lives': Linkin Park releases heartbreaking letter to Chester Bennington saying his 'demons' made the band more 'human'
          












          Single Christie Brinkley, 63, says she's 'too busy' to date... but would 'slow down a little' if she found Mr Right
          
          Been married four times
        








 
 
DON'T MISS










          Mellow yellow! As Hailey Baldwin and Sienna Miller step out in summer's hottest color, shop FEMAIL's edit of chic fashions in the bold hue
          












          Buoy, oh buoy! Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill wows in red bikini as she soaks up sun aboard mega-yacht in Saint-Tropez... and tucks into ice cream
          












          Chelsea Handler accused of stealing trademarked name of journalist's show
          
          Created waves after airing a new segment called 'A Broad Abroad' 
        











          We're a perfect match! Khloe Kardashian and boyfriend Tristan Thompson sport his and hers outfits for cute photoshoot
          
          Wore same black hoodie
        











          'I invited you to lunch and you're so rude!' Joe and Mika reveal 'heated' argument that ended friendship with Trump and how Ivanka was left shouting in frustration 
          












          'Love risks everything': Ariel Winter shares photo of her 11th tattoo which is placed on her bikini line... then kisses boyfriend Levi Meaden
          












          'Yeah, I did it. Why not?': Lana Del Ray admits using WITCHCRAFT to try and cast a spell on President Donald Trump
          
          Singer tried to hex him
        











          Riding with baby! Ciara zips down Great Wall of China toboggan ride with three-month-old daughter Sienna on her chest
          
          Took to instagram
        











          SPOILER ALERT: Nathalie Emmanuel bares all for racy love scene in Game Of Thrones as Missandei finally acts on tension with eunuch warrior
          












          Kylie Jenner oozes sex appeal as she flaunts her assets in a lace bra for sizzling pic after her Snapchat was hacked
          
          The reality star showed off her toned stomach
        











          No worries! Ivanka looks relaxed and carefree as she steps out in a fun floral dress, after posting a happy snap of son Theo covered in his breakfast
          












          'We have to do what works for us': Jada Pinkett Smith dishes on her 'unconventional' marriage to Will Smith after addressing rumors that they are swingers
          












          Walk on the wild side! Celine Dion, 49, pulls off black leather outfit as she puts on an animated display while leaving hotel in Germany
          
          Making big comeback
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp says claims he has 'psychological issues' and 'compulsive spending disorder' are an attempt to 'publicly vilify' him
          












          Radiant in red! Queen Letizia of Spain looks immaculate in a sophisticated dress as she joins creatives at a museum in Malaga
          
          Busy mom-of-two
        











          Stunning floral arrangements, $1,265-a-bottle champagne, and celebrity guests: Inside the lavish wedding of Rupert Murdoch's daughter Elisabeth
          












          Braless Jennifer Lopez, 48, flashes a hint of sideboob as she and beau Alex Rodriguez, 41, step out for romantic shared birthday celebrations in Miami
          












          Prince William and Harry would push notes under Diana's door saying 'It will be OK' as her marriage to Charles fell apart, her ex- butler Paul Burrell reveals
          












          Red hot! Bella Thorne flashes her pert derriere as she raunchily clutches at her thigh after stripping down to racy thong-style bikini
          
          Plenty of skin
        











           Viewers left incredulous, confused and disappointed after Olympic legend Michael Phelps fails to actually race a Great White during Discovery show
          












          Charli XCX flaunts her toned tummy and pert derriere in a crop top and hotpants as she performs at Lollapalooza festival in Paris 
          












          Katie Holmes cuts a stylish figure in a purple silk kimono jacket and 'mom jeans' as she heads out in New York
          
          Actress, 38, appeared carefree West Village 
        











          Ode to Joy! Sports Illustrated's Corrigan shows off her model form in extremely revealing bikini during girls' beach day in Miami
          












          From Thor to Stranger Things: Watch ALL 29 new trailers debuted at Comic Con 2017
          
          Marvel and Netflix were among the big-hitters at the three-day event 
        











          Blac Chyna covers up in a tracksuit as she arrives home in Los Angeles after partying in Miami with new rapper beau Mechie
          
          Ugly split from Rob
        











          Sold! Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles star David Parnes ties the knot with longtime girlfriend Adrian Abnosi in France
          
          Glamorous wedding
        











          Paz Vega shows off her enviable figure in a floral bandeau bikini and oversized shirt as she takes a trip to the beach in Ibiza with husband Orson Salazar
          












          Wigging out! Emily Ratajkowski poses topless while wearing a bubblegum wig...and then shows off her derriere with a male pal
          
          They stripped off
        











          Jared Leto, 45, wears quirky ensemble in NYC as he brunches with rumored model girlfriend Valerie Kaufman , 23, who stuns in mini and cropped shirt
          












          Tamara Ecclestone flaunts her tanned legs in a thigh-skimming dress as she holds hands with daughter Sophia for family lunch with sister Petra Stunt
          












          Birthday girl Selena Gomez dazzles in white as she celebrates 25th milestone on romantic  brunch date with boyfriend The Weeknd in Los Angeles
          












          Ariel Winter steps out in a low-cut top and tiny skirt as she enjoys lunch date with her glamorous grandmother
          
          Flaunted her hourglass figure once again
        











          Making a splash! Daphne Joy stuns in white bikini as she reveals her bountiful curves on Miami beach
          
          Flaunted her envy-inducing body
        











          Claims of tension between Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky following the hunk's gushing comments about former co-star Charlize Theron
          












          Birthday girl Selena Gomez keeps a low profile as she leaves Soho House in Malibu with beau The Weeknd after partying with lothario Scott Disick
          












          Young love! Brooklyn Beckham and Madison Beer enjoy dinner out in LA after confirming romance with a kiss
          
          They recently confirmed their relationship
        











          Feeling kinky! Olivia Munn shoes off her toned thighs in denim cut-offs and over-the-knee boots
          
          Has spent the weekend at Comic-Con 
        











          Gorgeous Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her spellbinding legs in Daisy Dukes outside Nobu Malibu
          
          Wore a T-shirt saying 'California Honey'
        











          'It's my baby and it's my life': 'MJ' Javid quizzes pregnant Asa Soltan Rahmati about relationship on Shahs Of Sunset
          
          Confrontational dinner 
        











          Heating up! Shirtless Justin Bieber enjoys romantic stroll with model Audreyana Michelle in the Hollywood Hills
          
          Singer showed off tatts
        











          Home Alone star John Heard died six months after his estranged son Max died in his bed at 22 after suffering 'deep grief of not having a dad in his life'
          












          Property of no one! Christina Aguilera makes a statement in trendy jacket as she brings her family to The Emoji Movie premiere in Los Angeles
          












          Demi Lovato looks fierce in low-cut navy top and tight jeans as she steps out in New York for Kendrick Lamar concert
          
          Strutting her stuff 
        











          Summer sizzler! Christina Milian rocks skimpy bikini as she shows off her beach body in Miami 
          
          Has been flaunting her figure on the trip 
        











          Poker face: Paris Jackson poses topless while playing cards in Instagram snap
          
          The pop icon's daughter looked pensive as she studied her hand 
        











          'I've never met him': Charlize Theron shoots down Gabriel Aubry dating rumor during Plead The Fifth on Watch What Happens Live
          
          Insists it's all lies
        











          Simply stunning! Model Charlotte McKinney rocks dark blue strapless mini dress with thigh slit at Miami brunch
          
          Thigh-skimming display
        











          A study in contrasts! Vanessa Hudgens rocks t-shirt dress as she joins denim-clad Jaime King at LA festival
          
          Pair cozied up to the camera at the party 
        











          Cara Delevingne cuts a playful figure in stylish tweed suit at Valerian film photocall in London... as flick is battered at the box office
          












          Sugar and spice! Riverdale's Lili Reinhart flashes fab figure in  mini skirt and slinky cami... as cast drops season two trailer at Comic-Con
          
          Showed off her legs
        











          Training for 2032! Boomer Phelps steals his dad's thunder in adorable Huggies commercial ahead of the Olympian's race against a shark
          












          On the beverage run! Katy Perry picks up iced drinks to go as she rocks form-fitting athletic gear in LA
          
          She stepped out in yoga pants in Studio City 
        











          Coming up stumps! Blac Chyna dons bra and extremely tight trousers as she flaunts form with tree yoga pose
          
          She loves to make an exhibition of herself
        











          David Beckham teases revenge as wife Victoria posts a video of him goofing around in a gym... as the couple are reunited after David's solo bike trip
          












          Eva Longoria flaunts her sizzling curves in a tiny blue bikini... as she enjoys a yacht day with husband Jose Antonio Bastón in Mallorca
          
          Beach babe
        











          Get shorty! Bella Thorne turns heads in a revealing pair of hot pants as she arrives to a Hollywood recording studio with Max Ehrich
          
          Pair are good pals
        











          Making of a murderer: A chilling new trailer for biopic about serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer shows his high school years and he's played by Disney star Ross Lynch
          












          LeAnn Rimes displays toned legs in denim cut-offs as she cuddles up to husband Eddie Cibrian at LAX
          
          Didn't want to let go as she prepared to fly 
        











          What a ham! T.J. Miller keeps his eyes on the camera as he kisses wife Kate Gorney at the premiere of The Emoji Movie in Los Angeles
          
          Fun-loving couple
        











          Stunning Eva Longoria struggles to contain her assets in a tiny black mini dress as she attends Global Gift Foundation fundraiser in Mallorca
          












          A place in the sun! Model Hailey Clauson and her hunky beau Jullien Herrera embrace in the sea as she frolics with a pack of fellow models in Miami Beach
          












          'No one I love more!' Amy Schumer gushes over Broadway star Ben Platt while backstage in flirty floral number
          
          She still has star-struck moments
        











          Scott Disick backpedals on calling himself a 'sex addict' but does admit he has a 'gargantuan appetite' for intercourse
          
          Clarified his comments
        











          New hair, don't care! Ruby Rose shows off fresh golden locks while out to brunch with Veronicas singer girlfriend Jessica Origliasso
          












          David Beckham and his four children are pictured leaving Hollywood restaurant without Victoria...  amid claims pair are 'leading separate lives'
          












          Fans go into meltdown after Madonna posts video of her twin girls Stella and Esther performing a sweet dance routine to Shakira's Waka Waka 
          












          Hela-ver makeover! Cate Blanchett is almost unrecognizable as super villain in new trailer for Thor: Ragnarok
          
          Very different role for Oscar-winning actress 
        











          Battle of the bands! Newlyweds Kate Mara and Jamie Bell show off wedding rings as they wear matching denim in honeymoon snap
          
          Enjoying brunch together
        











          Ahoy matie! Taylor Hill wears revealing crop top as she parties on a luxury yacht in St Tropez with her boyfriend
          
          She is living the good life in France 
        











          'You have the heart of a lion!' Liam Hemsworth wishes his Hunger Games co-star Woody Harrelson a heartfelt Happy Birthday in touching Instagram post
          












          Making a splash! Amber Rose flashes a hint of toned midriff while hosting pool party in Connecticut
          
          She was summery chic at Foxwoods Resort 
        











          SPOILER ALERT: Sand Snakes on a boat! Euron turns butcher in deadly naval raid... as Jon Snow threatens to kill Littlefinger on Game Of Thrones
          












          Catfish star Nev Schulman passionately kisses new wife Laura Perlongo after they are pronounced husband and wife in romantic wedding
          












          Fighting words! Tyga holds nothing back and calls Birdman a 'b****' in $12 million music dispute
          
          He has resorted to name-calling in the feud
        











          Hailey Baldwin bares midriff in blue workout gear as she chats with Lewis Hamilton outside Manhattan gym
          
          The blonde model, 20, rocked a blue two-piece 
        











          Seth Rogen and Josh Hutcherson perform mock casting in hilarious behind-the-scenes trailer for upcoming series Future Man
          












          Fab at 48! Jennifer Lopez stuns in sheer LBD while celebrating shared birthday week with beau Alex Rodriguez in Miami
          
          Sensational sheer dress
        











          Pregnant Heidi Montag pats baby bump as she embarks on Hawaiian 'babymoon' with hubby Spencer Pratt
          
          The couple are preparing to be parents 
        











          Harry and Wills hadn't seen Diana for a MONTH before her death: She died a day before they were due to be reunited after trips and divorce kept them apart
          












          Partners in crime! Anna Faris brings her adorable son Jack to premiere of The Emoji Movie in LA
          
          She plays a grinning symbol in the flick 
        











          'She amazes everyone around her!' Olivia Newton-John is ever-optimistic in new battle against breast cancer... while husband hopes for a 'miracle'
          












          'He might have a serious condition': Ryan Gosling jokes after learning he made Harry Styles' heart rate jump when the singer was shown a shirtless image
          












          Kylie Jenner's Snapchat is HACKED as culprit claims to have her nude photos
          
          Her followers received a message from the suspected culprit 
        











          Rockers Kansas perform their classic Carry On Wayward Son at the Supernatural panel at Comic-Con with Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki
          












          Could this BE any better? Matthew Perry snaps up $20m LA penthouse apartment complete with seven bathrooms and 25-guest dining room
          












          What a super woman! Gal Gadot sweetly comforts young fan who tears up as she meets the Wonder Woman star at Comic-Con in San Diego
          












          Barb's back! Shannon Purser thrills fans at Comic-Con as she makes surprise appearance to ask Stranger Things cast if she'll be on season 2
          












          Fab in florals! Chanel Iman stuns in cleavage-baring crop top and tiny jean shorts at Hamptons bash 
          
          26-year-old Victoria's Secret model
        











          Pamela Anderson flashes her nipple as she suffers a wardrobe malfunction... before using her assets as flotation devices during photoshoot
          












          Like mother, like daughter! Jennifer Garner and Violet Affleck wear matching tank top and skirt combos as they head to church
          












          Quick change artist! Flawless Karlie Kloss is sophisticated chic in three different outfits while filming in NYC
          
          She makes any wardrobe look good 
        











          Busty Bella Thorne flashes her nipples in a lace teddy on night out with mystery man... after insisting explicit masturbation video is fake
          












          Brooklyn Beckham and Madison Beer keep low profile leaving Hollywood restaurant with friends after publicly confirming their romance with a kiss
          












          Brad Pitt is serenaded by Frank Ocean as he makes a surprise appearance at FYF 2017 in LA
          
          Said his music helped him through tough times
        











          Pregnant Nicky Hilton shows off her chic maternity style in striped maxi dress during sun-drenched Saint-Tropez getaway with husband James
          












          Cindy Crawford's model daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, cuts a casual figure in chic biker jacket as she arrives in Toronto from Los Angeles
          












          'She could make anyone feel like everything was great': Sir Elton John praises Princess Diana for her 'incredible gift' as an Aids activist
          












          I fear Charles will feel very bruised by this film: SARAH VINE on how some may see William and Harry's documentary as a rejection of their father 
          












          Futuristic foundations, Sienna's lip plumper and how to beat cellulite: Elsa McAlonan's beauty upgrades revealed
          
          What's the best foundation to wear?
        











          Sorry for not wearing a top! Thirsty Justin Bieber goes shirtless to grab a Slurpee during late night 7-11 run in LA
          
          Also gabbed a few other items at the shop
        











          Summer love! Busty Amber Rose cozies up to boyfriend 21 Savage while hosting club night event in Atlanta
          
          The model, 33, posed with her beau, 24
        











          Dunkirk blows the opposition out of the water to claim victory at the weekend box office with $50.5 million
          
          Christopher Nolan's epic has stormed ahead
        











          Jean team: Matt Smith and Lily James wear matching scruffy denim on low-key stroll around New York... as actress reveals she's planning a big family
          












          Lovely in lace! Sofia Vergara looks stunning in LBD as she hugs 'Poop' at a screening of The Emoji Movie in NYC
          
          The beautiful 45-year-old actress hosted the event
        











          Former Miss USA Olivia Jordan and model Allie Ayers flaunt bikini bodies in bright swimwear for Sports Illustrated shoot
          
          Turning heads
        











          'Now they're living together': Magazine claims Seal has 'moved in' to Delta Goodrem's LA apartment after months of relationship rumors
          












          Boldly going! Sonequa Martin-Green flashes Vulcan peace sign as cast of new series Star Trek: Discovery debut an action-packed trailer at Comic-Con
          












          Catfish star Nev Schulman's bride Laura Perlongo strips to a skimpy white swimsuit as newlyweds frolic in the sea straight after stunning nuptials
          












          I tell my children about granny Diana: Prince William says his mother would have 'loved Charlotte and George to bits' 
          
          Kate's hubby opens up
        











          David Mazouz FINALLY dons the mask and cape as Batman in action-packed trailer for Gotham season four shown at Comic-Con
          
          At long last
        











          Chloe Green looks like the cat that's got the cream as she makes a worse for wear exit from club with beau Jeremy Meeks... as wife attempts to move on
          












          She's his kryptonite! Superman star Henry Cavill struggles to keep his eyes off his new stuntwoman girlfriend Lucy Cork at polo final
          
          Appeared very loved up
        











          Nicole Scherzinger, 39, flaunts her physique in a semi-sheer swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with beau Grigor Dimitrov, 26, during sun-drenched getaway
          












          Family day! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego step out with sweet two-year-old twins Cy and Bowie
          
          Enjoyed a sunlit stroll in Studio City 
        











          'Welcome back to Purgatory': Stephen Amell and cast premiere explosive Arrow season six trailer at Comic-Con
          
          Season five of Arrow ended with a bang
        











          Justin Bieber throws back to his baby-faced pop days as he reaches out to 12-year-old Cruz Beckham to advise him on his burgeoning singing career
          












          Undisputed queen of the Hamptons! Christie Brinkley, 63, flashes fabulous legs in sexy white mini-dress with revealing cut-out
          
          Looked amazing 
        











          Woman who met R. Kelly backstage when she was 20 tells of how she managed to escape the R&B star's 'sex cult' after he 'guilted her into posing for nude photos'
          












          'Every day I aspire to be more like you': Bindi Irwin's boyfriend Chandler Powell shares heartfelt tribute to her on her 19th birthday
          
          Romance going strong
        











          Andy Roddick's wife Brooklyn Decker debuts her baby bump at Tennis Hall of Fame event as he reveals the couple are expecting their second child
          












          Michelle Pfeiffer to play Janet Van Dyne in upcoming Marvel flick Ant-Man And The Wasp
          
          The 59-year-old actress has joined the cast
        











          Amber Heard and Elon Musk lead celebrity guests at three-day music festival dubbed 'Australia's Coachella'
          
          Splendour in the Grass festival
        









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









John McCain lectures the senators who gave him a hero's welcome after brain cancer operation, telling them...





Revealed: Mother-of-two killed her son, nine, and daughter, five, shot dead another woman and then herself...





Incredible pictures show an Amazonian witch doctor introducing his new apprentice, 13 to a sacred and...





Young girl who suffered a head wound as a baby while being abused by her father dies from her injuries ten...





Man, 38, 'who impregnated 11-year-old girl denies wrongdoing and claims she may have raped HIM while he...





Biggest ever NFL brain study diagnoses CTE in 99% of deceased players' brains





Two-month-old boy dies after his mother fell asleep while breastfeeding him in her arms





EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams bashes couple involved in fatal car crash as negligent, demands autopsy report and...





Passengers on the human smuggler truck speak of the horror inside as children screamed for water and...





How smugglers offer crammed big rigs for $5,500 as 'VIP treatment' to US and women prefer it as they will be...





Man charged with driving the big rig in which 10 immigrants roasted to death in the Texas sun had a...





People close to notorious Zetas cartel helped immigrants found in truck in Walmart parking lot cross the Rio...





EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid reveals she was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease, ridiculed by her RHOBH...





Manhunt for dangerous armed robbery suspect hiding in North Carolina forest is keeping thousands of tourists...





EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's Miami mansion on the line as the SexyBack producer is ordered to cough up $3.8...





REVEALED: How Chicago cops are still stumped five years after $1million lottery winner was murdered by...





'When I opened the bag, his foot popped up': Horror as family going to collect dead man's belongings find...





NYPD cop's daughter is born thirty one months after he and his partner were shot to death in their Brooklyn...





US Navy patrol boat fires warning shots at Iranian naval ship after it comes within 150 YARDS during 'tense...





North Korea could launch intercontinental nuclear missiles within ONE YEAR, US officials warn - and may...





Delta Airlines flight 'delayed for two hours because of row in which pilot described stewardess as a piece...





Shopper who mistook a butternut squash for CHEESE and then returned it to the store sends Twitter wild as...





Frank Sinatra's widow Barbara passes away aged 90 in California... almost 20 years after the death of her...





Dance and destroy: Mickey Rourke hit with $30,000 lawsuit after failing to pay rent, causing extensive...





Huge drop in sperm count could lead to human EXTINCTION: Study reveals 60% drop in fertility since 1970 -...





The lifetime nutrition plan: How to eat in your 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s and 70s to stay strong, healthy and...





Lyft driver, 48, 'grabbed a passenger, 25, by the throat, put her in zip-ties and then raped her at...





'How did I not know this?' Twitter users are left in shock over discovery that Kool-Aid bottles can be...





PIERS MORGAN: Planet Diana was a crazy place but even though she drove the royals (and me!) mad when she was...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            The Uber ride from hell: Horrified passenger films 'intoxicated prostitute in the front seat performing oral sex on driver - and all company did was offer $10 credit'
            



 
            'I think she doesn't know what happened': Devastated parents of girl, 18, who live-streamed car crash which left her 14-year-old sister dead say it has ruined their lives and the older daughter needs help
            



 
            Shocking moment naked man 'high on drugs' goes on rampage in Chicago neighborhood after cutting off his own penis
            



 
            Video shows San Diego teacher refuse to answer whether she is American to border patrol and be held for more than an hour
            



 
            Feminist inventor created the world's first 'self-cleaning house' because she was sick of housework: Centenarian built a 'giant dishwasher' home that washed and dried itself using 68 devices - but lost the patent and passed away in anonymity
            



 
            'Anyone else want to reach into the TV and give them a hug?': Viewers' emotion as Harry and William reveal how they struggled to cope after the death of their mother
            



 
            PIERS MORGAN: Planet Diana was a crazy place but even though she drove the royals (and me!) mad when she was alive the modern-minded sons she produced are probably their best hope of survival
            



 
            'Time will tell': Donald Trump leaves Jeff Sessions twisting in the wind after calling his attorney general 'weak' in a tweet storm and suggesting he wants to fire him
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid reveals she was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease, ridiculed by her RHOBH co-stars for faking it and cruelly dumped by David Foster who told her 'your sick card is up'
            



 
            Baby I loathe your way: Fans of Peter Frampton LIVID after singer storms off stage during live show and tries to rip video equipment off cameraman for filming young female audience member during set
            



 
            The horrifying moment a Lowe's truck runs red light and flips over into traffic after colliding with oncoming car
            



 
            Revealed: Mother-of-two killed her son, nine, and daughter, five, shot dead another woman and then herself to create 'everlasting consequences' for her estranged husband
            



 
            Scout's dishonor! Boy Scouts of America faces backlash from leaders and parents after President Trump turns their Jamboree into a political rally that may even have broken the group's rules
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams bashes couple involved in fatal car crash as negligent, demands autopsy report and claims the victim was not wearing his seat belt and his wife was not injured or disfigured
            



 
            John McCain lectures the senators who gave him a hero's welcome after brain cancer operation, telling them to end the partisan gridlock - then rebukes Trump for failing to treat them as equals
            



 
            'Telling him "lol no one likes you" was the last straw': President Trump blocks Chrissy Teigen on Twitter
            



 
            Released 911 tape reveals Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington was found dead by distraught housekeeper
            



 
            Girl, seven, runs for help as her drunk 14-year-old sister was being raped by a friend of their 'aunt' who was passed out in the home with them
            



 
            Canadian polygamist of the fundamentalist community Bountiful found guilty after marrying 25 women and fathering over 145 children
            



 
            Brazilian policewoman is inundated with marriage proposals after posting bikini snaps on Instagram and has now posed for a racy new photo shoot 
            



 
            The monster morgue: Bodies of Ian Brady and Manchester bomber Salman Abedi STILL lie in the same mortuary because undertakers refuse to touch them
            



 
            Woman 'slapped' the back of police car moments before Justine Damond was fatally shot by rogue cop whose partner said he was 'startled' by loud noise just before killing
            



 
            MSNBC beats Fox News to become most watched prime time cable network 
            



 
            US Navy patrol boat fires warning shots at Iranian naval ship after it comes within 150 YARDS during 'tense encounter' in the Persian Gulf
            



 
            He's sprung a leak! Donald Trump appears to confirm the existence of a classified CIA operation in Syria in late night Twitter rant about the 'Amazon Washington Post'
            



 
            Atheist Richard Dawkins is banned from US radio station over 'hurtful' comments about Muslims, but he responds: 'Why is it fine to criticize Christianity but not Islam?' 
            



 
            Girl, 16, who posted heartbreaking pic of prom dress she never got to wear after bullies picked on her because of health problems finally gets to wear it after friends - and 120 bikers - organise party (and doesn't she look amazing in it!) 
            



 
            Be prepared... to lose your job! Trump uses speech in front of Boy Scouts to tell his Health Secretary he will FIRE him if Republicans fall short on repealing Obamacare 
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL





























































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 














































Tim Leissner, Kimora Lee Simmons’ Husband: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/entertainment/heavy/article/Tim-Leissner-Kimora-Lee-Simmons-Husband-5-5252579.php



Tim Leissner, Kimora Lee Simmons’ Husband: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
Kimora Lee Simmons has married Tim Leissner. Read all the facts on Simmons' new husband.


Lauren Weigle, provided by


        Published 1:34 pm, Thursday, February 20, 2014
    




































































(Getty)
Financial heavyweight Tim Leissner has apparently tied the knot with the beautiful Kimora Lee Simmons. Check out the facts on the secret nuptials as well as all about Leissner and his relationship with Simmons.
1. Leissner and Simmons Secretly Got Married

E! News has confirmed the news that Leissner and Simmons have indeed tied the knot. Check out the above video for the full coverage.
While the couple hasn’t been shy about sporting their wedding rings, they have been silent on any wedding details or nuptial news.
Kimora Lee Simmons enjoys an evening out with Russian beau Tim Leissner during Simmons C… http://t.co/3PgWc0eOdM pic.twitter.com/UOgwpSe7jv — BB&BB News (@12kelloggs12) December 31, 2013




 (Story continues below ... )




Trending Entertainment Videos




 

2. Russell Simmons Spilled The News About The Couple’s Marriage on Twitter
All of us love @OfficialKimora but the fact is she is happily married. . Tim is has been family for a while now. #gossipcop…. — Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH) February 19, 2014

In order to shoot down rumors that KLS was dating rapper Birdman, Kimora’s ex-husband Russell Simmons came to her rescue via Twitter. While definitely his former flame-turned close friend, he let the cat out of the bag and announced her marriage to Tim Leissner.
3. Simmons’ New Man Has Become a Stepdad
Surprise! Kimora Lee Simmons is married—she and Tim Leissner have secretly tied the knot! http://t.co/bnnRmFUqcb pic.twitter.com/dSdVFH18E8 — E! Online (@eonline) February 20, 2014

As many may know, KLS has three children already. First are her two daughters Ming and Aoki from ex-husband Russell Simmons. She also has a son named Kenzo Lee Hounsou with Blood Diamond star Dijimon Hounsou. It looks like Leissner has acquired a great big family. Leissner, Simmons, and her children were all spotted vacationing together in St. Barts this past December. And, even ex-hubby Russell tagged along.
4. Leissner Is An Investment Banker

(Getty)
According to E! News, Leissner works at a senior level position for Goldman Sachs, so he can definitely keep up with Simmons’ luxurious lifestyle. Simmons is a reality star, fashion mogul, and successful entrepreneur in addition to being a former model. 
5. He’s Had A Ton Of Financial Success in Malaysia
Goldman Sachs' Tim Leissner, vice chair investment banking Asia division, briefing on IG rating @ manila_bulletin pic.twitter.com/VGwdvMlvSp — lee chipongian (@leechipongian) October 9, 2013

According to The Wall Street Journal, Leissner has... 
See the rest of the story at Heavy.com


         Related: 

PHOTOS: Toni Garrn, Leonardo DiCaprio’s Lingerie Model Girlfriend

PHOTOS: Willie & Korie Robertson of ‘Duck Dynasty’

PHOTOS: The Amazing Race Season 24 All-Star Contestants – See Who’s Returning

 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Hot mic catches slam against Texas congressman
Vintage photos show Texas base preparing for WWII
Damning evidence against principal-turned-stripper
Check out this jaw-dropping Tomball ranch for sale

 
















Trending
 



Monster Mako surprisingly isn't the record
Model says Trump blocked her on Twitter
Photos: Is a chupacabra stalking Cali pets?
Peek inside Heights homes under foreclosure
Benefit set for family of slain Katy chef
Marine's son reacts to stepmom's wedding speech
Massive eighth-grader scouted by southern colleges
Officials hustle after mold found in Fort Bend school
Twins aim to get pregnant by same boyfriend
Lawsuit: Texas body shop glued roof on car
Want custom Whataburger shoes? Here's how

 








See when your favorite TV show will return
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Katy bank robbery leads to manhunt
New Caney man accused of child porn
Police bust theft ring at outlet mall
Pastor charged with sex abuse of child








The best TV shows, movies shot in Texas
‘Dunkirk’ delivers Oscar season a month early
What's up with the 'Game of Thrones' dragons?








Steamy photos surround Drake's Houston visit
Drake shows up to Trae Day to celebrate Houston
How Houston Texans players spent their offseason








Astros' trade targets: Will they make a move?
George Springer exits Astros-Phillies game with quad injury
Best Astros promo giveaways still left on the schedule



 

 

 




 































More Entertainment News
 



Lucky Whitehead Dropped by Dallas Cowboys After False Arrest...
Former Fox News Latino Exec Was a ‘Scapegoat’ for Sexual...
Nat Geo’s ISIS Drama ‘The State’ Aims to Humanize...
Dick Wolf’s Ex-Development Boss Danielle Gelber Inks...
BuzzFeed Writer Mocked for Telling People Not to Attack John...
‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Star Robinne Lee Lands Lead on...

 

 




 




Most Read






1

Dallas couple seeking $1 million from body shop that glued...



2

Video in trial shows woman's car speeding on wrong side of...



3

Jaw-dropping Tomball ranch on the market for $13.75 million



4

Astros' trade deadline targets: Will Houston make a move?



5

Homebuilder sees Fifth Ward as 'the next Heights'



6

286-pound, 6'4" eighth-grader Jaheim Oatis getting scouted by...



7

Take a peek inside the 4 Houston Heights-area homes under...



8

Twins Anna and Lucy DeCinque share a boyfriend, aim to get...



9

Texas City police bust retail theft ring at Tanger Outlet Mall



10

Model Chrissy Teigen says Trump blocked her on Twitter






 




 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 





















Tim Leissner | Variety













































 

































































  



















Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 







		Tim Leissner	












Dirt							


06.05.17 | 02:25PM PT							


 Kimora Lee Simmons and Tim Leissner Spend a Bundle on Beverly Park Mansion

By Mark David 

								BUYERS: Kimora Lee Simmons and Tim Leissner LOCATION: Beverly Hills, CA PRICE: $25,000,000 SIZE: 20,000+ square feet, 7 bedrooms, 11 bathrooms YOUR MAMA'S NOTES: We first heard unsubstantiated…							








































































				Share This Article
				











							LinkedIn						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						






 More “Tim Leissner” on Variety.comLoading...









 
















 
Most Popular



1


Discovery Defends Michael Phelps ‘Shark Week’ Special After Backlash






2


David Geffen Sells His Last Malibu Property (EXCLUSIVE)






3


Netflix Orders Matt Groening Animated Comedy ‘Disenchantment’






4


Toronto Film Festival Lineup Includes Movies From Angelina Jolie, George Clooney, Alexander Payne






5


Johnny Depp’s ‘Richard Says Goodbye’ Releases First Look Photo, Rounds Out Cast





















‘Detroit’: Annapurna’s Pulse-Pounding Debut Release Aims for Oscar Gold					







Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Is the First Slam-Dunk Oscar Contender of 2017					







‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Scores Hulu Its First Big Emmy Nominations					







2017 Emmys: Co-Star Face-Offs Create a ‘Feud’ Across Multiple Categories					




 
Photo Gallery










David Geffen Inks Deal to Sell Carbon Beach Cottage














Producer Eric Gold Lists Beverly Hills Mansion















Rooney Mara Chops Price of City View Mid-Century Modern in Los Angeles















Toronto International Film Festival 2017 Lineup (Photos)















Katharine McPhee Lists Toluca Lake Traditional








Marketplace























ad



















































































































































































Tim Leissner Breaking News, Photos, and Videos | Just Jared	





 






































































JJ Jr.
RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram









Main
About Us
Exclusive
Contact
Send Tips










Top Stories





MTV VMAs 2017 Nominations - Full List Revealed!




Donald Trump Blocked Chrissy Teigen on Twitter Because of This Tweet




Justin Bieber Explains Tour Cancellation, Apologizes to Fans




Blac Chyna's Ex Just Released an Intense Diss Track


 



 
Tim Leissner Breaking News, Photos, and Videos

Main > 
Tim Leissner



Tue, 14 April 2015

Tweet




Kimora Lee Simmons Welcomes Fourth Child Wolfe Lee! 




Kimora Lee Simmons and her husband Tim Leissner have welcomed their first child together: a baby boy named Wolfe Lee!
“We are filled with joy, adoration and gratitude as we celebrate the birth of our son,” the 39-year-old model and 45-year-old financier said in a statement to People. Kimora is doing well and Tim is “ecstatic,” the rep added.
Kimora has three other children: daughters Ming, 15, and Aoki, 12, with Russell Simmons, and son Kenzo, 5, with Djimon Hounsou.
Congratulations to Kimora Lee and Tim on the birth of their child!

 



														Posted to  Baby, Birth, Kimora Lee Simmons, Tim Leissner, Wolfe Leissner 
														Photos: Getty 

4 Comments » 





Wed, 08 October 2014

Tweet




Kimora Lee Simmons Pregnant, Expecting Fourth Child with New Husband Tim Leissner! 




Congrats are in order – Kimora Lee Simmons is expecting her fourth child!
The 39-year-old model and designer has three other children from previous marriages: daughters Ming, 14, and Aoki, 12, with Russell Simmons, and son Kenzo, 5, with Djimon Hounsou. This will be her first child with new husband Tim Leissner.
Tim and Kimora got married back in February of this past year.
“It’s true. Pregnant, happy – so far so good,” a source told People. “[She's] cautiously optimistic. [The] girls are ecstatic.”
Congrats to Kimora and Tim on their pregnancy!

 



														Posted to  Kimora Lee Simmons, Pregnant, Pregnant Celebrities, Tim Leissner 
														Photos: Getty 

5 Comments » 













Wed, 19 February 2014

Tweet




Kimora Lee Simmons: Secretly Married to Tim Leissner! 




Kimora Lee Simmons is a married woman once again, her ex husband Russell Simmons confirms!
The news was revealed after rumors started spreading that the 38-year-old fashion designer and former model was dating the rapper Birdman.
“All of us love @OfficialKimora but the fact is she is happily married. . Tim is has been family for a while now. #gossipcop….” Russell tweeted. He followed up the tweet with, “Oh. And.. Tim is not Russian. Lol.”
Tim is an investment banker who has a senior level position at Goldman Sachs. He was photographed with Kimora and her family on a Christmas vacation in St. Barts last year.
Congratulations to the happy couple on the great news!

 



														Posted to  Kimora Lee Simmons, Tim Leissner, Wedding 
														Credit: Araya Diaz; Photos: Getty 

12 Comments » 





Sat, 28 December 2013

Tweet




Kimora Lee Simmons: Bright Bikini Babe with Tim Leissner! 




Kimora Lee Simmons rocks a bright bikini while celebrating the holidays with her husband Tim Leissner on Wednesday (December 25) in St Barts.
The 38-year-old fashion guru was spotted holding hands and kissing her mom Joanne while splashing in the ocean.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Kimora Lee Simmons
“I ❤ my mama! Thank you mama for everything! What would I be without you?!😍💞 #StBarths #Fabulosity,” Kimora tweeted about her mom.
The day before, Kimora donned a different bikini while spending time with her kids Aoki, Ming, and Kenzo, 4. 









 



														Posted to  Bikini, Kimora Lee Simmons, Tim Leissner 
														Photos: PacificCoastNewsOnline 

4 Comments » 





Thu, 26 December 2013

Tweet




Kimora Lee Simmons: Sexy Bikini Mama in St. Barts! 




Kimora Lee Simmons shows off her sexy bikini body while enjoying a day on the beach on Tuesday (December 24) in St. Barts. 
The 38-year-old fashion guru was joined by her kids Aoki, Ming, and Kenzo, 4.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Kimora Lee Simmons
On the same day, Kimora was spotted kissing her hubby Tim Leissner while frolicking in the ocean.
“Happy Holidays! My Rugrats in tow, Ready to Go! #WheelsUp! #StBarths #Fabulosity 😍😘❤🎄✨🎁🎉,” Kimora recently tweeted.
30+ pictures inside of Kimora Lee Simmons sporting a bikini during a holiday vacation in St. Barts…More Here! »









 



														Posted to  Aoki Simmons, Bikini, Celebrity Babies, Djimon Hounsou, Kimora Lee Simmons, Ming Simmons, Tim Leissner 
														Photos: FameFlynet 

6 Comments » 

















Eva Gutowski Launches Her Own Clothing Line 'It's All Wild'Eva Gutowski is going big or going home! The social star and author just launched her own clothing... 

Bella Thorne Opens Up About Her Admiration for Dove...Bella Thorne and Dove Cameron often joke about marrying each other on Twitter, working their fans... 

Liam Hemsworth Almost Hits Rebel Wilson While Filming...Liam Hemsworth and Rebel Wilson had a close encounter on the set of Isn’t It Romantic! The... 

Read more on Just Jared Jr! »






Top Celebs






									Angelina Jolie
								      





									Brad Pitt
								      





									Jennifer Lawrence





									Miley Cyrus





									Leonardo DiCaprio





									Bikini Celebs




Jennifer Aniston





								      Kristen Stewart





								      Kim Kardashian




Zac Efron




Gerard Butler





								      Robert Pattinson




Vanessa Hudgens




Katie Holmes




Rihanna






More Top Celebs...
Tom Cruise
Jennifer Garner
Shirtless Celebs
Britney Spears
Daniel Craig
Jake Gyllenhaal
Jude Law
Gwen Stefani
Gwyneth Paltrow
Reese Witherspoon Sienna Miller
Wentworth Miller








Just Jared Archives


















Sponsored Links by ZergNet























		  Michael Phelps Defends Shark Race, Says Viewers Should Have...

		  Kylie Jenner Sued for Jacking 'Lip Bite' Art

		  SI Swimsuit Models Slay South Beach In Tiny Bikinis






		  Why Donald Trump’s Name Is Banned from 'Broad City' Next...

		  Celebrities Tear Into GOP, Senator John McCain Over...

		  3 Buzzy Bites from Pattinson's Stern Interview: Porn,... 





 JJ: Latest Posts



			     Angelina Jolie Has a Movie Premiering...



			     Liam Hemsworth & Rebel Wilson...



			     James Van Der Beek Admits He Never...



			     Cheryl Burke & Matthew Lawrence...



			     Celine Dion Isn't Dating Backup Dancer...



			     Are Robert Pattinson & FKA twigs...



			     Barbara Sinatra Dead - Widow of Frank...




 JJ: Page 2



			     Miley Cyrus Rocks a Bikini For...



			     Dane DeHaan's Not Sure He'll Remain...



			     Is This the Reason Justin Bieber...



			     Dylan O'Brien Opens Up About Getting...



			     Sienna Miller Doesn't Want Nudity To...



			     Jessica Chastain Describes What It Was...



			     Robert Pattinson Almost Got Fired From...




 Just Jared Jr.



			     Liam Hemsworth Almost Hits Rebel...



			     Dylan O'Brien Wasn't Actually Supposed...



			     Yara Shahidi's Tweet About What She...



			     'Stranger Things' Will Have a Set...



			     The 2017 VMA Awards Are Doing Away...



			     Josie McCoy Joins The River Vixens in...



			     Miley Cyrus Shows Her Abs While Out in...












© 2005-2017 Just Jared, Inc. ||
Main
About Us
Advertise With Us
FAQ
Contact
Terms
Privacy Policy
Return to Mobile

















Tim  Leissner - Clearwater, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Tim  Leissner in Clearwater, FL


Tim  Leissner

                                                                           Intelius found that Tim  Leissner  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Clearwater, FL.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Tim  Leissner is in his 40s

Tim Has Lived In

Clearwater, FL
New York, NY
Culver City, CA

Tim's Relatives

Bernd Leissner
Brenda Leissner
May Leissner







Tim  Leissner



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Head of Investment Banking at Goldman , Sachs & Co.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Tim? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Tim, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Tim  Leissner
Get a Criminal Check on Tim  Leissner
Get a Public Record Report on Tim  Leissner
Get a People Search Report on Tim  Leissner


Tim  Leissner's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Tim  Leissner has lived as well as Tim  Leissner's phone numbers and email addresses.




Tim  Leissner Has Lived in 5 States
Florida Address for Tim  Leissner


2 S****** L* 

Clearwater, FL


Has Lived In

Clearwater, FL
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Tim  Leissner

(727) ***-**** - Clearwater, FL 
(202) ***-**** - Washington, DC 
(507) ***-**** - Rochester, MN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Tim  Leissner

t*******r@***.org
l**********m@***.com
t**********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Tim  Leissner's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Tim  Leissner's academic history.  Find out which schools Tim  Leissner attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Tim  Leissner received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Tim  Leissner Has Attended 2 Schools
Universität Siegen Tim  Leissner has a BA in Business Administration               
University of Hartford                                             


Tim  Leissner's Professional Information
Information regarding Tim  Leissner's professional history.  Find out previous places Tim  Leissner has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Tim  Leissner Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: Goldman , Sachs & Co.
               Title: Head of Investment Banking
Company: Goldman , Sachs & Co.
               Title: Banker
Tim  Leissner's Experience
Title: Head of Investment Banking
               Company: Goldman , Sachs & Co.
Job Details
               Since 1986, the Merchant Banking Division of Goldman Sachs has raised over $140 billion of capital in equity, credit and real estate funds to invest in a variety of geographies, industries and transaction types. With Merchant Banking representatives in six countries around the world, Goldman Sachs is one of the largest managers of private capital globally, offering deep expertise and long-standing relationships with companies, investors, entrepreneurs and financial intermediaries. Goldman Sachs is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.
Title: Banker
               Company: Goldman , Sachs & Co.
Job Details
               The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Goldman Sachs) is a global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a range of services worldwide to a client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals. Its activities are divided into three segments: Investment Banking, Trading and Principal Investments, and Asset Management and Securities Services. Investment Banking and Asset Management and Securities Services each represented 16% of net revenues during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2007 (fiscal 2007). Trading and Principal Investments represented 68% of net revenues in fiscal 2007. On December 11, 2007, Credit-Based Asset Servicing and Securitization LLC, a sub-prime mortgage investor, sold its Litton Loan Servicing business to Goldman Sachs. In June 2008, the Company’s division, Goldman Sachs Urban Investment Group, and Cordova, Smart & Williams, LLC announced the acquisition of H2O Plus, LLC.
Additional Professional Information on Tim  Leissner

 See Tim  Leissner's LinkedIn Profile



Tim  Leissner's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Tim  Leissner


Tim  Leissner's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Tim  Leissner's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Tim Leissner
Username Matches

                  TimLeissner
                  LeissnerTim
                  Tim.Leissner
                  Leissner.Tim
                  Tim_Leissner
                  Leissner_Tim
                  Tim-Leissner
                  Leissner-Tim
                  TLeissner
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Leissner







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.







































































Singapore Bans Ex-Goldman Banker Leissner, Seeks Bar on Others - Bloomberg






























































  
















Singapore Bans Ex-Goldman Banker Leissner, Seeks Bar on Others
By Chanyaporn Chanjaroen
        
More stories by Chanyaporn Chanjaroen





March 13, 2017, 3:49 AM EDT










                Leissner receives 10-year ban for unauthorized letter: MAS
            



                Plans to issue orders against former BSI, Falcon bankers
            



Singapore banned former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. banker Tim Leissner from the securities industry for 10 years and said it plans to issue similar orders against three others caught up in the scandal surrounding 1Malaysia Development Bhd.Leissner, who left Goldman Sachs in February 2016, was sanctioned because he issued an unauthorized letter to a financial institution and made false statements on behalf of the U.S. bank without its knowledge, the Monetary Authority of Singapore said in a statement Monday. The central bank had signaled its intention to ban Leissner last year.The MAS also said it plans to issue a lifetime ban against Jens Sturzenegger, a former branch manager at Falcon Private Bank Ltd., as well as on Yak Yew Chee, a former banker with BSI SA, given what it described as "the gravity of their misconduct". The central bank intends to issue a 15-year order against another BSI banker, Yvonne Seah Yew Foong, it added.








The MAS’s latest measures represent another move to address reputational damage caused by anti-money laundering lapses linked to 1MDB, the Malaysian investment fund. The regulator withdrew the local banking licenses of Falcon and BSI last year and issued fines against UBS Group AG, DBS Group Holdings Ltd. and Standard Chartered Plc.“MAS will not tolerate conduct by any finance professional that threatens to undermine trust and confidence in Singapore’s financial system," Deputy Managing Director Ong Chong Tee said in the statement. “MAS will not hesitate to bar such individuals from carrying out regulated activities in the financial industry.”Jail Terms







                        The most important market news of the day.
                    

                        Get our markets daily newsletter.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            










Sturzenegger was sentenced to 28 weeks in jail and fined S$128,000 ($91,000) earlier this year after being convicted on six charges, including failing to report suspicious transactions. Yak was sentenced in November to an 18-week jail term and fined for forging documents and failing to disclose suspicious transactions allegedly related to Malaysian financier Low Taek Jho and his father. Seah was jailed for two weeks and fined on Dec. 16 for similar offences.Low has been linked to alleged efforts to siphon billions of dollars from 1MDB.Tan Hee Joek, a lawyer representing Sturzenegger, declined to comment. Seah’s lawyer Peter Low didn’t immediately return phone calls seeking comment. Yak respects the MAS’s decision, his lawyer Lee Teck Leng said. 1MDB has consistently denied wrongdoing.




— With assistance by Andrea Tan



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE












Most Read


This Miner’s $190 Billion Tax Bill Would Take Centuries to Pay


Tesla Buyers Antsy for Model 3 Keys Months After $1,000 Deposit


The Chipotle Corporate Sabotage Theory Returns


NASA Has a Way to Cut Your Flight Time in Half


This Hedge Fund Is Betting $280 Million on a 34-Year-Old Guy
















































Tim Leissner: Latest News & Videos, Photos about Tim Leissner  | The Economic Times - Page 8SECTIONSET APPSET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android AppENGLISHहिन्दीગુજરાતીE-PAPERSIGN-INFOLLOW USFACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSSTim LeissnerLATEST NEWSWhy Reserve Bank of India should fix inflation forecasting model nowNot just land disputes, Beijing has been unilaterally changing maritime boundariesHezbollah a 'menace' to entire Middle East: Donald TrumpET Home›Tim LeissnerSEARCHED FOR:TIM LEISSNERBoxing: Manny Pacquiao wins farewell fight against Tim BradleyPacquiao, fighting for the first time since his defeat to Floyd Mayweather last year in the "Fight of the Century", knocked down Bradley twice on his way to a comfortable unanimous decision.10 Apr, 2016, 10.26AM ISTPandora Media Inc founder Tim Westergren comes back as CEOOnline music streaming service Pandora Media Inc appointed founder Tim Westergren ...28 Mar, 2016, 08.35PM ISTTim Cook bats for privacy at launch of Apple's iPhone SEApple CEO Tim Cook says he strongly believe Apple has responsibility of protecting p...21 Mar, 2016, 11.01PM ISTAllNewsVideosPhotosDear Tim Cook, we need to talk about product strategy and not alienating customers: Gadfly8 Sep, 2016, 09.53AM ISTIt was trendy when Steve Jobs ditched floppy drives, CD drives. But those were optional accessories. Neither headphones nor 3.5 mm jack are redundant.Apple CEO Tim Cook says EU tax ruling 'total political crap': Irish Independent2 Sep, 2016, 05.11AM ISTTim Cook told the newspaper in an interview he would work closely with Ireland to try to overturn the decision.Ireland says Apple CEO Tim Cook spoke to PM Enda Kenny, committed to stay1 Sep, 2016, 01.39AM ISTApple and Enda Kenny's govt have both said they want to appeal the ruling, announced, which is part of a drive against what EU says are sweetheart tax deals.Tim Cook hits back at EU tax; writes open letter to Apple fans in Europe30 Aug, 2016, 07.45PM ISTWhat happened to Apple's contribution to the economy of Europe, asks Cook in this letter. He points out that sovereignty is at stake following EU's action.Apple CEO Tim Cook commits to annual dividend raise27 Feb, 2016, 02.54AM ISTCook said Apple Inc is committed to raising its dividend annually, a move designed to please investors but also a sign the world's most famous technology company may no longer be a growth stock.Tim Cook: Enterprise is a 'real business' for Apple1 Oct, 2015, 02.17PM ISTApple CEO Tim Cook has once again been talking up the company's enterprise aspirations calling it a "real business"Tim Cook clocks shares worth $373 million on his five-year anniversary as Apple's CEO26 Aug, 2016, 05.23AM ISTOriginally, 50 per cent of those were scheduled to vest on his five-year anniversary, with the rest coming due after a decade of staying with the company.Will Tim Cook's privacy stance win or lose customers for Apple?19 Feb, 2016, 07.08AM ISTTwitter CEO Jack Dorsey tweeted his support for Cook on Thursday, joining groups like Amnesty International in applauding Cook's stance.How Apple's Tim Cook became a bulwark for digital privacy20 Feb, 2016, 05.08AM ISTCook’s standoff with law enforcement officials is indicative of his personal evolution from a behind-the-scenes operator at Apple to one of the world’s most outspoken corporate executives.You need thick skin to run Apple: Tim Cook sums up his job in 8 points16 Aug, 2016, 01.47PM ISTRunning Apple is alienating, says Cook. "It's sort of a lonely job," Cook says. "The adage that it's lonely--the CEO job is lonely--is accurate in a lot of ways."Oops! Tim Cook tweets blurry Super Bowl photo, gets roasted11 Feb, 2016, 12.57PM ISTTwitterati used the Apple CEO's post to mock the iPhone 6S camera.Novak Djokovic dominant but it's still tight at the top: Tim Henman10 Feb, 2016, 01.07PM ISTDjokovic won 11 titles including three of the four majors last year and has a 12-0 record this season, having thrashed Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer.Load More...12345678910xNot to be MissedA long list of President Pranab Mukherjee's gift to the people of India​Kerala actress abduction case: High Court rejects actor Dileep's bail pleaBig scam in the making? Ex-CFO accuses PwC of cooking books, evading tax and flouting lawsThis Russian flying beauty could soon be guarding the Indian skiesSino-Indian standoff: India needs to be prepared for all eventualitiesWhy rejig of financial year could upset your tax planningGot a query on GST? Ask from experts nowWhat should organisations do to develop intercultural competence?GainersHidden meaning of 11 world's most famous logosDriving fatigue: Spending more than two hours a day behind the wheel can reduce your IQWhy Mukesh Ambani is doling out free 4G phones to everyoneList of achievements of the Raisina Hill occupantsA strange omission in President Ram Nath Kovind's first speechChinese media now trains gun on NSA Ajit Doval, calls him 'main schemer'Have Rs. 500 in your Account; Invest in Mutual Funds now with ET MoneyWant to stay healthy? Here's how avoiding milk and drinking beer instead might helpU.R. Rao: Man behind India's first satellite is no moreMicrosoft's new patent reveals 'Surface Phone' featuresChinese media now trains gun on NSA Ajit Doval, calls him 'main schemer'NASA issues safety tips to view solar eclipseWhy Mukesh Ambani is doling out free 4G phones to everyoneNifty50 hits 10,000 for the first time! 7 factors driving the marketWhy you must buy Samsung QLED TV?SP leader Abu Azmi slams Suchitra Krishnamoorti for 'azaan rant' on TwitterHere is why you should not eat anything on a planeSurprise weddings are having a moment! Overwhelmed by all the planning, people find a cheaper way outSino-Indian standoff: India needs to be prepared for all eventualitiesNow think twice before you order from the pantryIndia-China standoff: A look at key background of the disputeNitin Gadkari says driverless cars won't be allowed in India, plans app to rival Ola, UberIf security is your concern, trust in the cloud!Bone-chilling feat! Lizzie Chapman of ZestMoney shares her incredible experience of running a marathon in AntarcticaHere is why Railways isn't exactly on trackThe new Apple Park is worth $5 bn and will be surrounded by 9,000 hand-picked treesNifty50 hits 10,000 for the first time! 7 factors driving the marketComic-Con 2017: From Joker to a White Walker, here are some of the best cosplays!Big scam in the making? Ex-CFO accuses PwC of cooking books, evading tax and flouting lawsHere's what you should do if your smartphone gets stolenIndian fashion with Watson. It’s more than elementary.Canadian professional wrestler, Laura Dennis thanks her vegan diet for her muscle power