






















































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 








































































































































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 








































































































































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 








































































































































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 








































































































































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 








































































































































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 





















































































Lennox International Inc






























Home
About Us

Our Core Values
Our Heritage of Innovation
Diversity and Inclusion
Serving Our Communities
Management Team
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance+

Corporate Governance Guidelines
Board of Director Qualification Guidelines
Committee Charters
Stock Ownership Guidelines




Our Businesses

Residential Heating& Cooling+

Lennox
Allied Air
Advanced Distributor Products
Lennox PartsPlus


Commercial Heating& Cooling+

North America
Lennox National Accounts
EMEIA


Heatcraft Worldwide Refrigeration+

North America
Kysor/Warren
Europe
Asia
Australia
South America
Frigus Bohn–Mexico (JV)


Lennox India


News Room

News Releases+

Lennox International (LII)
Residential
Commercial
Refrigeration


Media Contact
Fact Sheet


Investor Relations

News Releases+

Lennox International (LII)
Residential
Commercial
Refrigeration


Events Calendar
Presentations
Earnings Report+

Quarterly Earnings
Annual Reports


SEC Filings
Financial & Stock Info+

Stock Price Info
Trading Statistics
Financial Info
Dividends


Analyst Coverage
Contact Us+

Contact Investor Relations
E-mail Alerts
Transfer Agent




Sustainability


Sustainability Report Interactive

Sustainability Report Printer Friendly


Careers

Careers At LII


Contact Us













Our Core Values
Our Heritage of Innovation
Diversity and Inclusion
Serving Our Communities
Management Team
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Guidelines
Board of Director Qualification Guidelines
Committee Charters
Stock Ownership Guidelines









1895
1904
1923
1935
1943
1952
1960
1964
1965
1972
1973
1982
1984
1988
1988
1994
1994
1995
1995
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2002
2003
2003
2005
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2010
2011
2012


 
1895
Dave Lennox builds and markets the industry’s first riveted-steel furnace.

 
1904
Lennox establishes a one-step distribution network, selling directly to installing contractors.

 
1923
Lennox expands for the first time, building a warehouse in Syracuse, New York. Two years later a factory is added.

 
1935
Lennox pioneers the introduction of a forced-air furnace for residential heating.

 
1943
Lennox retools its factories to support the World War II effort.

 
1952
Lennox establishes operations in Canada.Lennox expands its product line with the introduction of residential central air-conditioning systems.


1960
Lennox establishes an international division with a facility in Basingstoke, England and sales offices and warehouses in Holland and Germany.

 
1964
Lennox develops and manufactures the Duracurve heat exchanger, reducing noise problems in gas furnaces.

 
1965
Lennox introduces packaged multi-zone units for commercial heating and cooling.

 
1972
“Dave Lennox” appears for the first time in a Lennox advertising campaign.

 
1973
Lennox increases air conditioning efficiency with the development of the two-speed hermetic compressor.

 
1982
Lennox develops and manufactures the industry’s first high-efficiency gas furnace.


1984
Lennox International Inc. is established as the parent company for Lennox Industries Inc. and future acquisitions.

 
1988
Lennox International expands into the commercial refrigeration and heat transfer markets with the establishment of Heatcraft Inc.Heatcraft implements a 48-hour coil replacement program for commercial air conditioning systems.

 
1988
Lennox International expands into two-step distribution of residential heating and cooling equipment with the acquisition of Armstrong Air Conditioning Inc.

 
1994
Lennox is the first to manufacture and market a complete combination high-efficiency residential space/water heating system.

 
1994
Lennox enters the hearth products market with the introduction of gas fireplaces.

 
1995
Lennox Global Ltd. (LGL) is established to expand the company’s presence in worldwide commercial air conditioning, commercial refrigeration and heat transfer product markets.

 
1995
Heatcraft develops Floating Tube and Thermoflex technology, significantly reducing leaks in air-cooled condensers and unit coolers used for commercial refrigeration.

 
1995
Lennox begins factory configure-to-order for commercial air conditioning with the introduction of the L-series.

 
1996
The Beacon Control System eases installation and maintenance of refrigeration system problems.


1997
LGL enters into joint venture agreements in Europe and Latin America and makes acquisitions in Asia.

 
1998
Lennox Industries begins to establish a retail distribution network offering full sales and service functions.

 
1999
Lennox International completes an Initial Public Offering becoming a public company on July 28, 1999.

 
2002
LII launches new corporate logo to reflect worldwide growth.

 
2003
LII introduces HSX19, industry's quietest and most efficient air conditioner.

 
2003
LII introduces G61V, industry's quietest gas furnace.

 
2005
Lennox announces refinements to historic Lennox brand logo design.

 
2005
Lennox introduces world’s first air conditioner rated at 20+ SEER for energy efficiency.

 
2006
First fully integrated whole-house dehumidification system.

 
2007
First comprehensive line of ozone-free residential indoor air quality products.

 
2008
Lennox introduces SunSource™, the industry's first integrated solar-assisted residential heating & cooling system.

 
2009
Lennox® introduces the industry's first commercial rooftop line to be rated at 17.0 SEER: the Energence™ commercial rooftop product line with the Prodigy™ unit controller and SmartWire™ system.

 
2010
Lennox® introduces the industry's first system to harness solar power for heating, cooling and beyond, while sending any excess power back to the utility: the SunSource® Home Energy System.

 
2010
Lennox® introduces the menu-driven icomfort Touch™ touchscreen thermostat.

 
2011
 Lennox International Completes Acquisition of Kysor-Warren.

 
2012
Lennox introduces iComfort WiFi, the company’s first communicating touchscreen thermostat.




+ -





Legal   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Lennox Webmail   |   &copy Lennox International







 

































Lennox Global Manufacturers | Suppliers of Lennox Global (Product And Company,US Import Trade Data) — Panjiva


 





 



 
















Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 













   
 





  
                    Suppliers                    
                        17                    

 



  
                    Buyers                    
 

 



  
                    Products                    
 

 


 Shipments
 












 
Loading search filters...
 

Manufacturers of lennox global and Suppliers of lennox global





SetAlerts





SaveSearch




ExportResults 




17 results matching Lennox Global




 



Sort by
relevance
number of matching shipments
recency weighted matching shipments
specialization (% matching)
expertise (length of time shipped)
total matching shipment volume (kg)
supplier name (A-Z)
supplier name (Z-A)
number of total shipments (high-low)
number of total shipments (low-high) 







SOLIDA Brasil Madeiras Ltda. 


  
              Brazil          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      



8 shipments          match
            Lennox Global



5,130 shipments                              total        




    ...WEIGHT: 18.620,000 ALSO NOTIFY: IMC GLOBAL SOLUTIONS, LLC FAITH H DAVIS, CUSTOMS COMPLIANCE OFFICER 3150 LENNOX PARK BLVD, SUITE 412 MEMPHIS, TN 38115...  

 






A.M Merchandising (Pvt) Ltd. 


  
              Pakistan          



        Has verified third-party data      

        Has a significant amount of contact information      



1 shipment          matches
            Lennox Global



1,965 shipments                              total        




    ...COTTON 45% POLY FRENCH TERRY LENNOX QTR ZIP PULLOVER SWEATSHIRT KNITTED...DDC PREPAID ALSO NOTIFY NNR GLOBAL LOGISTICS USA INC. 145 HOOK...  

 






Global Ceramic Materials Limited 


  
              United Kingdom          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      

        Has a significant amount of contact information      



1 shipment          matches
            Lennox Global



258 shipments                              total        




    15000290 SO/ KN09486-002 / 28/01/15 CBW125/N D/E113 KINGSTON LENNOX K (AUTO) HS-CODE : 2621.90.00…Global Ceramic Materials Limited  

 






Lemken GmbH & Co. Kg 


  
              Alpen, Germany          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      



1 shipment          matches
            Lennox Global



287 shipments                              total        




    DELIVERY ADDRESS NETWORK GLOBAL LO STICS 2301 ELLIS COURT IT B NEW LENNOX IL 604  

 






Lennox Global 


  
              United States          



        Has verified third-party data      

        Has employee contact information      




4,507 shipments                              total        




Lennox Global 

 




      See all 17 results with a Panjiva subscription
    
Sign Up 




Lennox Global 



        Has verified third-party data      




281 shipments                              total        




Lennox Global 

 






Lennox  Global 


  
              Dallas, Texas, United States          



        Has verified third-party data      




1 shipment                              total        




Lennox Global 

 






Lennox Global 


  
              Chile          



        Has verified third-party data      




1 shipment                              total        




Lennox Global 

 






Lennox Global 


  
              United Kingdom          



        Has verified third-party data      




4 shipments                              total        




Lennox Global 

 






Lennox Industries Inc Global 



        Has verified third-party data      




3 shipments                              total        




Lennox Industries Inc Global 

 




Results per page: 
10
20
50
100  



1


2











Loading... 

Loading... 



   


 The companies listed above have not approved or sponsored Panjiva's provision of any of the information in these search results. These results are derived from various public and private data sources. These results have not been confirmed by Panjiva and are provided on an "AS IS" basis, as further described in Panjiva's Terms and Conditions of Use and Panjiva's Transparency Policy. Your use of the information provided in these results is subject in all respects to those Terms and Conditions of Use. 









Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 








 












Lennox International Inc. - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Lennox International Inc.















Reference for Business


Company History Index


Manufacturing


Lennox International Inc. - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Lennox International Inc.










2100 Lake Park BoulevardRichardson, Texas 75080U.S.A.


Company Perspectives:
The companies that make up the Lennox International family--Lennox Industries, Heatcraft, Armstrong, and Lennox Global Ltd.--have consistently led the industry in four core businesses: unitary commercial air conditioning, residential air conditioning, commercial refrigeration, and heat transfer. Lennox also leads in the development of innovative, high-quality heating and cooling solutions for virtually every environment imaginable. We manufacture giant coils that help maintain consistent temperatures within buildings of every size and description. We make possible the precise cooling of small freezing systems that preserve the flavor, texture, and nutrients of just-picked vegetables. And we design refrigeration systems that meet the wide-ranging needs of grocers, shipping and storage companies, health care professionals, and restaurateurs&mdashø name just a few. We have a growing list of manufacturing facilities, and sales and distribution sites on five continents.
History of Lennox International Inc.








Lennox International Inc., through its four main subsidiaries--Lennox Industries Inc., Heatcraft Inc., Armstrong Air Conditioning Inc., and Lennox Global Ltd.&mdash&prime;oduces and markets a broad range of residential and commercial heating, air conditioning, and refrigeration equipment and components. Prior to a proposed initial public offering that the company announced in April 1999, Lennox International was owned almost entirely by members of the Norris family, which has controlled the company since 1904; John W. Norris, Jr., is chairman of the board and chief executive officer. About 110 descendants of founder D.W. Norris own shares of Lennox.
Lennox Industries Inc. is the core business of Lennox International. This subsidiary is a North American manufacturer of residential and commercial heating and air conditioning equipment. Lennox products are marketed directly to its network of 5,000 independent dealers located throughout the United States and Canada, a unique setup in the heating, ventilating, and air conditioning (HVAC) industry. Lennox Industries' facilities include three factories in Marshalltown, Iowa; Stuttgart, Arkansas; and Toronto, Canada, as well as numerous sales and distribution centers, dealer service centers, and a large research and development laboratory located in Carrollton, Texas. Lennox Industries is also the parent company of Hearth Products Inc., which was established in 1998 and produces fireplaces, fireplace inserts, and other hearth products. About half of the parent company's revenue is generated by Lennox Industries. Heatcraft Inc. has been part of Lennox International since 1973. Heatcraft, with headquarters in Grenada, Mississippi, has three divisions: the Heat Transfer Division, which produces heat transfer surfaces, including coils and copper tubing, as well as other components; the Refrigeration Products Division, which manufactures refrigeration conditioning units, unit coolers, air-cooled condensers, and cooling towers; and the Electrical Products Division, which makes electrical controls, package humidifiers, and electrical heating elements. Armstrong Air Conditioning Inc. is based in Bellevue, Ohio, and manufactures a broad range of residential furnaces and air conditioners. Lennox Global Ltd., based in Richardson, Texas, was formed in 1995 to expand Lennox's presence outside North America and has since formed several joint ventures that make and distribute HVAC products in Europe, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, and Brazil.

Coal Furnace Beginnings

Lennox got its start in Marshalltown, Iowa, in the last years of the 19th century. Two inventors, Ernest Bryant and Ezra Smith, patented a design for a riveted-steel sheet metal coal furnace, a significant improvement over the cast iron furnaces of that time. Bryant and Smith hired Dave Lennox, who operated a machine shop in Marshalltown, to build the equipment necessary to manufacture their furnace. Bryant and Smith did not have adequate financial backing for the project, however, and when they could not pay Lennox for his work, Lennox took over the furnace patents, altered the design, and set out to market the furnace himself. Shortly thereafter, Lennox decided to sell the furnace business. It was purchased in 1904 by D.W. Norris, editor and publisher of the local newspaper. He incorporated the operation as Lennox Furnace Company, and proceeded to sell 600 furnaces in the company's first year. The Lennox method of distribution, selling, and delivering products directly to authorized dealers was established in the company's first years of operation. Company president Norris established a direct link to dealers using newspaper advertising, his area of expertise.
The superiority of the Lennox sheet metal furnace over the cast iron models commonly in use quickly became apparent. Cast iron furnaces were prone to warping after years of continual heating and cooling. This often caused the shell to crack, and smoke and coal gas could leak into a living space. The Lennox model solved this problem, since no warping occurred. By 1923, the company had expanded enough to open a warehouse in Syracuse, New York. Two years later, a factory was built in that city. In 1927 Lennox acquired the Armstrong Furnace plant in London, Ohio. The Armstrong facility, which produced steel coal furnaces, was moved to Columbus, Ohio, the following year.
John W. Norris, son of company president D.W. Norris, went to work for Lennox in 1927 following his graduation from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. By the early 1930s, the younger Norris had set up a research department in the back part of a warehouse. Several important industry developments came about as a result of Norris's research. Among these developments was the addition of blowers to furnaces in the mid-1930s. Around the same time, oil- and gas-burning furnaces were introduced as well. The appearance of oil and gas forced-air furnaces completely changed the face of the residential heating market. During this period Norris developed a line of smooth, porcelain-enameled cabinets in which to house the furnaces, revolutionizing furnace design for years to come. This marked the first time aesthetics were taken into account in the design of heating equipment, in recognition of the increasing use of the American basement as a living area. A gas forced-air furnace specifically designed for attic or crawlspace installation went into production in 1939.
As the demand for Lennox equipment increased, new facilities were added. In 1940 a new and larger factory was built in Columbus. This plant was also a center for sales, distribution, and product service support for parts of the country that the Marshalltown and Syracuse facilities could not support. By the onset of World War II, Lennox held an important place in the heating industry. During the war the company's production included not only heating equipment for military use, but also parts for aircraft and bombs. A precision machine shop in Lima, Ohio, was purchased for that purpose in 1942. Demand for Lennox products soared when the war was over. By the end of the 1940s, several new divisions were added, including a factory in Fort Worth, Texas, and sales centers in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and Salt Lake City. In 1949 D.W. Norris died, and John W. Norris, Sr., became president of Lennox.

Expanded into Air Conditioning in the 1950s

Lennox continued to expand quickly in both its product line and geographical scope in the 1950s. In 1952 Lennox began manufacturing air conditioning systems. Its first model was a three-ton water-cooled air conditioner, produced at the newly expanded Fort Worth plant. Within the next couple of years, compressors and air conditioning systems for industrial and commercial use went into production as well. Lennox went international in 1952, with the creation of Lennox Industries (Canada) Ltd.
In 1955 the Lennox Furnace Co. changed its name to Lennox Industries Inc. in order to better reflect the broader range of products being manufactured. Further innovations created by Lennox during that decade included commercial air conditioning systems that saved energy by using outside air whenever possible; and modular systems for high-rise buildings, in which each floor was heated and cooled separately from the others.
Lennox expanded the scope of its operations in 1962 with the creation of an International Division. A full-production facility was established in Basingstoke, England (outside of London), and sales offices and warehouses serving most of Western Europe were opened in the Netherlands and in West Germany. By this time, the Canadian operation included a manufacturing plant in Toronto, Ontario, as well as a sales and distribution facility in Calgary, Alberta. Among the products introduced by Lennox during the 1960s were the Duracurve heat exchanger, which eliminated noise and cracking in gas furnaces, and multizone rooftop units for heating and cooling.

Acquired Heatcraft in 1973

In 1971 Norris was succeeded as president by Ray C. Robbins. Under Robbins, Lennox continued to expand at a rapid pace during the 1970s. In 1973 Lennox acquired the Tennessee-based Heatcraft Inc. from PEP Industries. Heatcraft, a manufacturer of electric heating and cooling components such as coils, condensing units, and copper tubing, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Lennox. The following year Lennox began construction of a new factory for the production of commercial heating and air conditioning equipment in Stuttgart, Arkansas. Later in the decade, Lennox began to outgrow some of its facilities, and a migration to the Dallas area began. The company's Marshalltown Research and Development Laboratory and the heat pump research facility in Fort Worth were consolidated into a larger, more modern location in Carrollton, Texas, in 1977.








The following year the company's corporate headquarters were relocated from Marshalltown to Dallas. The Midwest Division sales headquarters and manufacturing plant located in Marshalltown remained intact. The year 1978 also marked the debut of the LOGIC (Lennox Objective Guide to Installation Comparisons) computer program for the analysis of HVAC designs, and the opening of a computerized corporate data center. In 1979 testing was completed on a home-sized solar-powered air conditioning system, produced by Lennox in cooperation with Honeywell under government contract.
John W. Norris, Jr., became president and CEO of Lennox in 1980. Robbins stayed on as chairman of the board. By 1981, the company's unique distribution system boasted a total of 6,000 dealers throughout the United States and Canada, supplied by a network of 31 warehouses. That year, Lennox controlled 17 percent of the residential market for gas forced-air furnaces. The company did nearly as well in the central electric heating and unitary air conditioner markets, with 14 percent and 15 percent shares, respectively.

Introduced Pulse Furnace in 1982

In 1982 Lennox made a major gain in the home heating industry with the appearance of the first Pulse combustion gas furnace, a high-efficiency forced-air unit that marked the first major improvement in home heating in 20 years. The G14 Pulse furnace operated with no open flame, igniting tiny bursts of gas and air at a rate of about 60 bursts a second and at over 90 percent fuel efficiency, a significant improvement over the 55 percent energy efficiency of most furnaces in use at that time. With the introduction of the Pulse, sales at Lennox reached an estimated $600 million for 1982.
In 1983 Lennox built a copper tube plant in Bossier City, Louisiana. The following year, the company introduced the Power Saver air conditioner, the first two-speed air conditioner to achieve a 15.0 Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratio (SEER). The expansion and consolidation of company facilities continued in the mid-1980s. In 1985 Lennox began an expansion program at its National Parts Distribution Center in Urbandale, Iowa, just outside of Des Moines. The compressor research lab in Fort Worth was integrated into the Carrollton research and development complex that year as well. A year later Lennox International Inc. was formed as the parent company for Lennox Industries and Heatcraft. Around the same time, Heatcraft acquired the Grenada, Mississippi, coil manufacturing and copper mill facility of SnyderGeneral Corp. This facility was expanded in 1987 to include the production of precision tools and dies for making heat transfer products. Lennox began offering limited lifetime warranties on its Pulse furnaces in 1987, prompting its competitors to come up with similar warranty programs of their own. In 1988 Heatcraft acquired another of SnyderGeneral's facilities, a refrigeration products manufacturing plant in Wilmington, North Carolina.
Two important technological developments occurred at Lennox in 1988: the introduction of the first heat pump to use a scroll-compressor; and a licensing agreement with Powell Energy Products to develop and market thermal energy storage systems using Powell technology. The year also marked the reacquisition of Armstrong Air Conditioning. Lennox had owned Armstrong from the mid-1920s into the 1950s, when it was sold off. Armstrong was purchased by Johnson Corporation in 1962, which was in turn acquired by Magic Chef in 1971. Magic Chef became a division of Maytag in 1986, and its name was lengthened to Magic Chef Air Conditioning. It was this division that Lennox International purchased from Maytag in 1988 and subsequently renamed Armstrong Air Conditioning Inc.

Reorganized in 1989 and 1990

Early in 1989, Lennox announced a reorganization of its corporate structure, in which each of its three operating subsidiaries would have its own president and chief operating officer. Donald W. Munson was named to head Lennox Industries; Robert L. Jenkins became president of Heatcraft; and Robert E. Johnson was named to lead Armstrong. Other developments that year included the opening of a new Lennox Industries sales and distribution center in Wilmington, Massachusetts, to serve dealers in New England and eastern New York. Also, the Research and Development Laboratory in Carrollton, Texas, was approved by the American Gas Association as an accredited lab for certification testing.
In 1990 work was completed on a new corporate headquarters for Lennox International and Lennox Industries in Richardson, Texas, a suburb of Dallas. The following year the company launched another reorganization plan, in which its sales management, marketing, and product ordering teams were united in the new headquarters, a change from the previous arrangement of five semi-autonomous regional divisions. At the same time, production was consolidated into four locations, meaning the closing of the Fort Worth facility. Also in 1991, Norris was voted in as chairman of the board. Robbins's title was elevated to chairman emeritus. Donald Munson retired in July 1992, and Thomas J. Keefe, a member of the Lennox International board, took over as president and chief operating officer of Lennox Industries. Later that year, a ten-year anniversary celebration for the Pulse furnace took place in Marshalltown, Iowa, the company's birthplace and furnace manufacturing location, during which the one millionth Pulse furnace was dedicated. Meanwhile in Europe, the company's Basingstoke, England, facility, operated by Lennox for over 30 years, was closed. Its operations were moved to a new, 100,000-square-foot plant in Northampton.
Lennox introduced its new "Diplomat" line of central air conditioners, heat pumps, and gas furnaces in early 1993. The Diplomat line was developed as a means of gaining a stronger foothold in the residential new construction market, an area that Lennox had often been priced out of in previous years. Also in 1993 the Columbus, Ohio, plant was closed, with the manufacturing operations there consolidated into the Marshalltown, Iowa, factory. In 1994 Lennox introduced CompleteHeat, the industry's first high-efficiency space heating/hot water system. Lennox also became the first HVAC company to manufacture gas fireplaces in North America that same year.
In 1995, the year the company celebrated its centennial anniversary, Robert Schjerven was named president and COO of Lennox Industries after having served as head of Armstrong Air Conditioning; Ed French took over as president of Armstrong, following a stint as head of Heatcraft's Refrigeration Products Division. That year Lennox announced its intention to ultimately go public, offering no more than a 20 percent interest through an IPO. This plan appeared to have been at least temporarily scuttled, however, after it became widely known that a possible flaw in a key component of the 400,000 Pulse furnaces made before 1988 could, in rare cases, lead the furnaces to leak poisonous carbon monoxide gas into the homes. In September 1995 a $1 billion class-action lawsuit was filed against Lennox in Dallas, a case that the company won in January 1998. Prior to that victory, Lennox began a furnace inspection program in late 1997, and had inspected 130,000 furnaces by early 1998. To pay for the program the company took a $140 million pretax charge in 1997, which led to a full-year net loss of $33.6 million (compared to net profits of $54.7 million in 1996). Although it appeared that the company would survive this setback, its reputation had suffered from being probed by the Consumer Product Safety Commission and being the subject of media scrutiny including coverage by a national prime-time news show.

Formed Lennox Global in 1995

Perhaps the most important event of 1995 came in May when Lennox added a fourth main subsidiary, Lennox Global Ltd., to its organizational chart. Lennox Global was created to expand the manufacturing and sales operations of Lennox Industries, Armstrong, and Heatcraft in areas outside the United States and Canada. In addition to its manufacturing facility in the United Kingdom, Lennox International had established joint ventures in France and Mexico which market refrigeration products and had gained full control of an Australian concern. These operations were consolidated under the banner of Lennox Global, which aimed for additional overseas growth through the formation of more joint ventures. The first of these came in 1996 when Lennox joined with the Brancher group of France to form HCF-Lennox, which combined several of the two companies operations into an entity with $160 million in annual sales and the number one position in Europe for rooftop air conditioners in addition to leading positions in chillers, precision air conditioners, process cooling, and commercial refrigeration systems. Other joint ventures were soon formed in Spain, with Refac, and in the Latin American region, with Strong. In September 1998 Lennox spent $20.5 million to acquire a majority interest in Brazil-based McQuay do Brasil S.A., a specialist in commercial refrigeration and heat transfer products, which it marketed in Brazil and surrounding countries. The addition of Lennox Global increased Lennox International's sales outside the United States and Canada from $28.5 million in 1996 to $244.5 million in 1998. The 1998 figure represented 13.4 percent of the company's overall sales of $1.82 billion, and the company aimed to increase that to 50 percent by 2005.
In September 1998 Lennox began a new strategy of acquiring heating and air conditioning dealers in the United States and Canada in order to distribute Lennox products directly to consumers and thereby gain a portion of the revenues and margins available at the retail level. Lennox also hoped to take advantage of the growth opportunities available in what was a highly fragmented market, with more than 30,000 dealers in the U.S. retail sales and service market alone. By the end of 1999's first quarter, Lennox had spent about $55 million to acquire 37 dealers in Canada and was making plans for U.S. acquisitions.
Having entered the hearth products market in 1994, Lennox expanded upon that initiative in 1998 when it formed Hearth Products Inc. as a Tustin, California-based wholly owned subsidiary of Lennox Industries. Following the 1998 acquisitions of Marco Mfg., Inc. of Lynwood, California; Pyro Industries Inc. of Burlington, Washington; and Superior Fireplace Company of Fullerton, California, and the early 1999 purchase of Security Chimneys International, Ltd.--for a total of $120 million--Hearth Products was one of the largest makers of hearth products in the United States and Canada, offering a full line of products including gas and wood-burning fireplaces, fireplace inserts, free-standing stoves, and gas logs. Also in 1998 Lennox International and Lennox Industries agreed to settle a lawsuit brought by 11 former sales managers, who charged they had been fired or demoted, at the ages of 41 to 58 years old, as a result of a practice or pattern of age discrimination at Lennox. Although the company admitted no wrongdoing, it agreed to pay the plaintiffs a total of $6.2 million, undergo 42 months of Equal Employment Opportunity Commission monitoring, and change its personnel practices.
By early 1999, Lennox had built up about $115 million in debt as a result of its hearth products acquisitions, its international expansion, and its dealer acquisition program. To pay down some of this debt&mdash well as to fund further expansion--Lennox decided to resurrect the idea of an initial public offering. In early April 1999 the company announced that it intended to sell an unspecified stake in the company to the public through an IPO. Following the offering, the 110 descendants of D.W. Norris who owned the company's stock would still be in firm control of the company, but they would have an increased ability to sell their stock holdings. It appeared that Lennox International was going public at a time of exciting company initiatives and excellent prospects for 21st-century growth.

Principal Subsidiaries: Armstrong Air Conditioning Inc.; Heatcraft Inc.; Lennox Global Ltd.; Lennox Industries Inc.
Additional Details


Private Company


Incorporated: 1904 as Lennox Furnace Company

Employees: 11,700

Sales: $1.82 billion (1998)

NAIC: 333415 Air Conditioning & Warm Air Heating Equipment & Commercial & Industrial Refrigeration Equipment Manufacturing; 333414 Heating Equipment Manufacturing, Except Warm Air Furnaces; 333994 Industrial Process Furnace & Oven Manufacturing; 336322 Other Motor Vehicle Electrical & Electronic Equipment Manufacturing; 42173 Warm Air Heating & Air Conditioning Equipment & Supplies Wholesalers

Further Reference
A Century of Comfort: Lennox: The First Hundred Years, 1895-1995, Richardson, Tex.: Lennox International Inc., n.d., 44 p.Consdorf, Arnold P., and Charles W. Behrens, "A Combination of Change and Stability," Appliance Manufacturer, November 1977, pp. 40--47.Duffy, Gordon, "Lennox Gears Up for Expansion in New Home and World Markets," Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration News, January 25, 1993, pp. 102--04.Dworkin, Andy, "Furnace Flaw Keeps Texas' Lennox Industries in Hot Seat," Dallas Morning News, March 2, 1998.------, "Texas-Based Heating, Cooling Firm Plans for Small Public Offering," Dallas Morning News, April 6, 1999."Gas Furnaces: Lennox Is Hot in Ownership Now and in the Future," Appliance Manufacturer, July 1983, p. 38.Kunde, Diana, "Richardson, Texas-Based Lennox Agrees to Settle Age Bias Suit," Dallas Morning News, May 12, 1998."Lennox Link to Dealers Thrives on Direct Communication," Appliance Manufacturer, October 1981, p. 54."Lennox Moving Corporate HQ to Dallas Area," Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration News, March 20, 1978, p. 1."Lennox Reorganizes," Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration News, April 8, 1991, pp. 1--2."The Lennox Story," Appliance, February 1982, special section."Lighting a Fire Under Furnace Sales," Business Week, October 25, 1982, p. 82.Mahoney, Thomas A., "Lennox Celebrates 100 Years in Business," Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration News, July 17, 1995, pp. 3&plus;."Multifaceted Lennox International," Appliance Manufacturer, July 1996, special section."Special Section: Lennox International," Appliance Manufacturer, August 1990."Sun-Powered Home Air Conditioner," Machine Design, June 21, 1979, p. 8.

			
User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment






Lennox International Inc. forum






















Manufacturing















Reference for Business


Company History Index


		 Manufacturing
	 




180s, L.L.C.


3M Company


A-dec, Inc.


A. O. Smith Corporation


A. Schulman, Inc.


A. T. Cross Company


A.B.Dick Company


A.O. Smith Corporation


A.T. Cross Company


A.W. Faber-Castell Unternehmensverwaltung GmbH & Co.


AAF-McQuay Incorporated


AAON, Inc.


AAR Corp.


ABB Ltd.


ABC Rail Products Corporation


AEP Industries, Inc.


AGCO Corp.


AGCO Corporation


AKG Acoustics GmbH


ALARIS Medical Systems, Inc.


AMETEK, Inc.


AMF Bowling, Inc.


ARBED S.A.


ASICS Corporation


ASML Holding N.V.


ASV, Inc.


AU Optronics Corporation


AVX Corporation


Aarhus United A/S


Abiomed, Inc.


Acme United Corporation


Acme-Cleveland Corp.


Acorn Products, Inc.


Acushnet Company


Acuson Corporation


Adams Golf, Inc.


Adolf Würth GmbH & Co. KG


Advanced Circuits Inc.


Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc.


Ag-Chem Equipment Company, Inc.


Aga Foodservice Group PLC


Agfa Gevaert Group N.V.


Agrium Inc.


Ahlstrom Corporation


Airgas, Inc.


Aktiebolaget Electrolux


Aktiebolaget SKF


Alamo Group Inc.


Alberto-Culver Company


Aldila Inc.


Alfa Laval AB


Allen Organ Company


Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation


Alliant Techsystems Inc.


Allied Healthcare Products, Inc.


Allied Products Corporation


Allied Signal Engines


AlliedSignal Inc.


Allison Gas Turbine Division


Alltrista Corporation


Alps Electric Co., Ltd.


Alticor Inc.


Alvis Plc


Amer Group plc


American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.


American Biltrite Inc.


American Business Products, Inc.


American Cast Iron Pipe Company


American Greetings Corporation


American Homestar Corporation


American Locker Group Incorporated


American Power Conversion Corporation


American Seating Company


American Standard Companies Inc.


American Technical Ceramics Corp.


American Tourister, Inc.


American Woodmark Corporation


Ameriwood Industries International Corp.


Amerock Corporation


Ameron International Corporation


Ampacet Corporation


Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation


Ampex Corporation


Amway Corporation


Analogic Corporation


Anchor Hocking Glassware


Andersen Corporation


Andreas Stihl


Andreas Stihl AG & Co. KG


Andritz AG


Ansell Ltd.


Anthem Electronics, Inc.


Apasco S.A. de C.V.


Apex Digital, Inc.


Applica Incorporated


Applied Films Corporation


Applied Materials, Inc.


Applied Micro Circuits Corporation


Applied Power Inc.


AptarGroup, Inc.


Arc International


Arctco, Inc.


Arctic Cat Inc.


Ariens Company


Armor All Products Corp.


Armstrong Holdings, Inc.


Armstrong World Industries, Inc.


Artesyn Technologies Inc.


ArthroCare Corporation


ArvinMeritor, Inc.


Asahi Glass Company, Ltd.


Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.


Astec Industries, Inc.


Astronics Corporation


Atlas Copco AB


Atwood Mobile Products


Aurora Casket Company, Inc.


Austal Limited


Austin Powder Company


Avedis Zildjian Co.


Avery Dennison Corporation


Avocent Corporation


Avondale Industries


B.J. Alan Co., Inc.


BAE Systems Ship Repair


BEI Technologies, Inc.


BIC Corporation


BISSELL Inc.


BMC Industries, Inc.


BRIO AB


BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH


BTR Siebe plc


Badger Meter, Inc.


Baldor Electric Company


Baldwin Piano & Organ Company


Baldwin Technology Company, Inc.


Balfour Beatty plc


Ballantyne of Omaha, Inc.


Ballard Medical Products


Ballard Power Systems Inc.


Baltek Corporation


Baltimore Aircoil Company, Inc.


Bandai Co., Ltd.


Barmag AG


Barnes Group Inc.


Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc.


Bath Iron Works


Beckman Coulter, Inc.


Beckman Instruments, Inc.


Becton, Dickinson & Company


Behr GmbH & Co. KG


Beiersdorf AG


Bel Fuse, Inc.


Belden CDT Inc.


Belden Inc.


Bell Sports Corporation


Belleek Pottery Ltd.


Beloit Corporation


BenQ Corporation


Benjamin Moore & Co.


Berger Bros Company


Bernina Holding AG


Berry Plastics Corporation


Berwick Offray, LLC


Bianchi International (d/b/a Gregory Mountain Products)


Billabong International Ltd.


Binks Sames Corporation


Binney & Smith Inc.


Biomet, Inc.


Biosite Incorporated


Black Diamond Equipment, Ltd.


Blodgett Holdings, Inc.


Blount International, Inc.


Blount, Inc.


Blue Nile Inc.


Blundstone Pty Ltd.


Blyth Industries, Inc.


Bodum Design Group AG


Boral Limited


Borden, Inc.


Boston Scientific Corporation


Bou-Matic


Brady Corporation


Brammer PLC


Brannock Device Company


Brass Eagle Inc.


Bridgeport Machines, Inc.


Briggs & Stratton Corporation


British Vita plc


Brother Industries, Ltd.


Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Co.


Brown-Forman Corporation


Broyhill Furniture Industries, Inc.


Brunswick Corporation


Buck Knives Inc.


Buckeye Technologies, Inc.


Bucyrus International, Inc.


Bugle Boy Industries, Inc.


Building Materials Holding Corporation


Bulgari S.p.A.


Bulova Corporation


Bundy Corporation


Burelle S.A.


Burton Snowboards Inc.


Bush Boake Allen Inc.


Bush Industries, Inc.


Butler Manufacturing Co.


Butler Manufacturing Company


BÖHLER-UDDEHOLM AG


Bénéteau SA


C&J Clark International Ltd.


C.F. Martin & Co., Inc.


C.R. Bard, Inc.


CASIO Computer Co., Ltd.


CEMEX S.A. de C.V.


CLARCOR Inc.


CNH Global N.V.


COBE Cardiovascular, Inc.


CRH plc


CTB International Corporation


CUNO Incorporated


California Cedar Products Company


California Steel Industries, Inc.


Callaway Golf Company


Campbell Scientific, Inc.


Cannondale Corporation


Canon Inc.


Capstone Turbine Corporation


Caradon plc


Carbo PLC


Carbone Lorraine S.A.


Cardo AB


Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung


Carma Laboratories, Inc.


Carrier Corporation


Carter Holt Harvey Ltd.


Cascade Corporation


Cascade General, Inc.


Catalina Lighting, Inc.


Caterpillar Inc.


Cavco Industries, Inc.


Central Garden & Pet Company


Central Sprinkler Corporation


Centuri Corporation


Century Aluminum Company


Cenveo Inc.


Cepheid


Ceradyne, Inc.


Cessna Aircraft Company


Champion Enterprises, Inc.


Chanel


Chanel SA


Chart Industries, Inc.


Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.


Chittenden & Eastman Company


Chris-Craft Corporation


Chris-Craft Industries, Inc.


Christian Dalloz SA


Christofle SA


Ciments Fran&ccedils


Cincinnati Lamb Inc.


Cincinnati Milacron Inc.


Cinemeccanica S.p.A.


Cinram International, Inc.


Circon Corporation


Cirrus Design Corporation


Clarcor Inc.


Clayton Homes Incorporated


Coach, Inc.


Coachmen Industries, Inc.


Cobra Golf Inc.


Cochlear Ltd.


Cockerill Sambre Group


Cognex Corporation


Cohu, Inc.


Colas S.A.


Colfax Corporation


Collins Industries, Inc.


Colorado MEDtech, Inc.


Colt's Manufacturing Company, Inc.


Columbia Sportswear Company


Columbus McKinnon Corporation


CommScope, Inc.


Compagnie de Saint-Gobain


Compass Minerals International, Inc.


CompuDyne Corporation


Conair Corporation


Concord Camera Corporation


Congoleum Corp.


Conn-Selmer, Inc.


Conrad Industries, Inc.


Conso International Corporation


Consorcio G Grupo Dina, S.A. de C.V.


Constar International Inc.


Controladora Mabe, S.A. de C.V.


Cooper Cameron Corporation


Cooper Industries, Inc.


Cordis Corporation


Corning Inc.


Corrpro Companies, Inc.


Corticeira Amorim, Sociedade Gestora de Participaço es Sociais, S.A.


Crane Co.


Cranium, Inc.


Creative Technology Ltd.


Creo Inc.


Crosman Corporation


Crown Equipment Corporation


Cuisinart Corporation


Cummins Engine Company, Inc.


Curtiss-Wright Corporation


Cutter & Buck Inc.


Cyberonics, Inc.


Cybex International, Inc.


Cymer, Inc.


DC Shoes, Inc.


DCN S.A.


DEMCO, Inc.


DENSO Corporation


DMI Furniture, Inc.


DTS, Inc.


Dade Behring Holdings Inc.


Daisy Outdoor Products Inc.


Dana Corporation


Danaher Corporation


Daniel Industries, Inc.


Danisco A/S


De'Longhi S.p.A.


DeCrane Aircraft Holdings Inc.


DePuy Inc.


Dearborn Mid-West Conveyor Company


Decora Industries, Inc.


Decorator Industries Inc.


Deere & Company


Defiance, Inc.


Delachaux S.A.


Dell Inc.


Deluxe Corporation


Denby Group plc


Denison International plc


Detroit Diesel Corporation


Deutz AG


Devro plc


Diebold, Incorporated


Diehl Stiftung & Co. KG


Diesel SpA


Dixon Industries, Inc.


Dixon Ticonderoga Company


Djarum PT


Donaldson Company, Inc.


Donnelly Corporation


Dorel Industries Inc.


Douglas & Lomason Company


Dover Corporation


Drew Industries Inc.


Drexel Heritage Furnishings Inc.


Dril-Quip, Inc.


Drypers Corporation


Ducommun Incorporated


Duncan Toys Company


Dunn-Edwards Corporation


Duracell International Inc.


Durametallic


Duriron Company Inc.


Duron Inc.


Dynea


Dyson Group PLC


Dürkopp Adler AG


Dürr AG


EADS SOCATA


ECC International Corp.


EDO Corporation


EG & G Incorporated


EXX Inc.


Eagle-Picher Industries, Inc.


East Penn Manufacturing Co., Inc.


Eastman Kodak Company


Easton Sports, Inc.


Eaton Corporation


Ecolab Inc.


Ekco Group, Inc.


Elamex, S.A. de C.V.


Elano Corporation


Electrolux AB


Eljer Industries, Inc.


Elkay Manufacturing Company


Elscint Ltd.


Empire Resources, Inc.


Encompass Services Corporation


Encore Wire Corporation


Energizer Holdings, Inc.


Energy Conversion Devices, Inc.


Enesco Corporation


Engineered Support Systems, Inc.


English China Clays Ltd.


Enodis plc


Ernie Ball, Inc.


Escalade, Incorporated


Esselte


Esselte Leitz GmbH & Co. KG


Esterline Technologies Corp.


Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.


Everlast Worldwide Inc.


Excel Technology, Inc.


FAG--Kugelfischer Georg Schäfer AG


FEI Company


FLIR Systems, Inc.


FLSmidth & Co. A/S


FSI International, Inc.


Fabbrica D' Armi Pietro Beretta S.p.A.


Facom S.A.


Faiveley S.A.


Falcon Products, Inc.


Fannie May Confections Brands, Inc.


Fanuc Ltd.


Farah Incorporated


Farmer Bros. Co.


Fastenal Company


Faultless Starch/Bon Ami Company


Featherlite Inc.


Fedders Corp.


Fedders Corporation


Federal Prison Industries, Inc.


Federal Signal Corp.


Fellowes Manufacturing Company


Fender Musical Instruments Company


Ferro Corporation


Firearms Training Systems, Inc.


First Alert, Inc.


First International Computer, Inc.


Fisher Controls International, Inc.


Fisher Controls International, LLC


Fisher Scientific International Inc.


Fisher-Price Inc.


Fiskars Corporation


Flanders Corporation


Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc.


Flexsteel Industries Inc.


Flextronics International Ltd.


Flour City International, Inc.


Flow International Corporation


Flowserve Corporation


Fort James Corporation


FosterGrant, Inc.


Fountain Powerboats Industries, Inc.


Foxboro Company


Framatome SA


Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc.


Franke Holding AG


Franklin Electric Company, Inc.


Freudenberg & Co.


Friedrich Grohe AG & Co. KG


Frigidaire Home Products


Frymaster Corporation


Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd.


Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Company, Ltd.


Fuqua Enterprises, Inc.


Furniture Brands International, Inc.


Furon Company


G. Leblanc Corporation


G.S. Blodgett Corporation


GE Aircraft Engines


GEA AG


GKN plc


Gardner Denver, Inc.


Geberit AG


Gehl Company


Gemini Sound Products Corporation


Gemplus International S.A.


Gen-Probe Incorporated


General Atomics


General Bearing Corporation


General Binding Corporation


General Cable Corporation


General Dynamics Corporation


General Housewares Corporation


Genmar Holdings, Inc.


Georg Fischer AG Schaffhausen


Georgia Gulf Corporation


Gerber Scientific, Inc.


Gerresheimer Glas AG


Giddings & Lewis, Inc.


Gildemeister AG


Glaverbel Group


Gleason Corporation


Glen Dimplex


Global Power Equipment Group Inc.


Glock Ges.m.b.H.


Goodman Holding Company


Goodrich Corporation


Goody Products, Inc.


Goss Holdings, Inc.


Goulds Pumps Inc.


Graco Inc.


Graham Corporation


Granite Industries of Vermont, Inc.


Grant Prideco, Inc.


Greatbatch Inc.


Greene, Tweed & Company


Greif Inc.


Griffin Industries, Inc.


Griffon Corporation


Grinnell Corp.


Groupe André


Groupe Guillin SA


Groupe Herstal S.A.


Groupe Legris Industries


Groupe SEB


Grow Group Inc.


Groz-Beckert Group


Grupo Cydsa, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo IMSA, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo Industrial Saltillo, S.A. de C.V.


Grupo Lladró S.A.


Guangzhou Pearl River Piano Group Ltd.


Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.


Gunite Corporation


Guy Degrenne SA


H.B. Fuller Company


HEICO Corporation


HMI Industries, Inc.


HON INDUSTRIES Inc.


Hach Co.


Hackman Oyj Adp


Haemonetics Corporation


Haier Group Corporation


Hansgrohe AG


Hanson PLC


Hardinge Inc.


Harland and Wolff Holdings plc


Harmon Industries, Inc.


Harnischfeger Industries, Inc.


Hartmarx Corporation


Haskel International, Inc.


Hastings Manufacturing Company


Haworth Inc.


Head N.V.


Headwaters Incorporated


Health O Meter Products Inc.


Heekin Can Inc.


Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG


Hella KGaA Hueck & Co.


Henkel Manco Inc.


Heraeus Holding GmbH


Herman Miller, Inc.


Hermès International S.A.


Hexagon AB


High Tech Computer Corporation


Hillenbrand Industries, Inc.


Hillerich & Bradsby Company, Inc.


Hillsdown Holdings plc


Hilti AG


Hindustan Lever Limited


Hitchiner Manufacturing Co., Inc.


Hollander Home Fashions Corp.


Holson Burnes Group, Inc.


Home Products International, Inc.


Hooker Furniture Corporation


Hoshino Gakki Co. Ltd.


Host America Corporation


Hubbell Inc.


Huffy Corporation


Huhtamäki Oyj


Hummel International A/S


Hunt Manufacturing Company


Hunter Fan Company


Huntleigh Technology PLC


Hydril Company


Hyster Company


Héroux-Devtek Inc.


IDEO Inc.


II-VI Incorporated


IMI plc


INTERMET Corporation


Icon Health & Fitness, Inc.


IdraPrince, Inc.


Igloo Products Corp.


Illinois Tool Works Inc.


Imatra Steel Oy Ab


Imo Industries Inc.


In-Sink-Erator


Inchcape PLC


Inchcape plc


Indel, Inc.


Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A.


Infineon Technologies AG


Ingalls Shipbuilding, Inc.


Ingersoll-Rand Company


Ingersoll-Rand Company Ltd.


Insilco Corporation


Internacional de Ceramica, S.A. de C.V.


International Controls Corporation


International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.


International Game Technology


Intuitive Surgical, Inc.


Invacare Corporation


Invensys PLC


Invivo Corporation


Ionics, Incorporated


Ipsen International Inc.


Irwin Toy Limited


Itron, Inc.


J. D'Addario & Company, Inc.


J.M. Voith AG


JAKKS Pacific, Inc.


JLG Industries, Inc.


Jabil Circuit, Inc.


Jacuzzi Brands Inc.


Jacuzzi Inc.


James Avery Craftsman, Inc.


James Hardie Industries N.V.


JanSport, Inc.


Japan Tobacco Inc.


Jayco Inc.


Jeld-Wen, Inc.


Jenoptik AG


Jervis B. Webb Company


John Frieda Professional Hair Care Inc.


Johns Manville Corporation


Johnson Controls, Inc.


Johnson Matthey PLC


Johnson Worldwide Associates, Inc.


Johnstown America Industries, Inc.


Jostens, Inc.


Jotun A/S


Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabric GmbH


K'Nex Industries, Inc.


KB Toys


KI


KONE Corporation


KSB AG


Kaman Corp.


Kaman Corporation


Kaman Music Corporation


Kansai Paint Company Ltd.


Karsten Manufacturing Corporation


Kasper A.S.L., Ltd.


Katy Industries, Inc.


Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co., Ltd.


Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.


Kaydon Corporation


Kelly-Moore Paint Company, Inc.


Kenmore Air Harbor Inc.


Kennametal Inc.


Keramik Holding AG Laufen


Kerr Group Inc.


Kewaunee Scientific Corporation


Key Safety Systems, Inc.


Key Tronic Corporation


Keystone International, Inc.


Kimball International, Inc.


Kit Manufacturing Co.


Knape & Vogt Manufacturing Company


Knoll Group Inc.


Knoll, Inc.


Koala Corporation


Kobe Steel, Ltd.


Koch Enterprises, Inc.


Koenig & Bauer AG


Kohler Company


Komatsu Ltd.


Kone Corporation


KraftMaid Cabinetry, Inc.


Kubota Corporation


Kuhlman Corporation


Kwang Yang Motor Company Ltd.


Kyocera Corporation


L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc.


L. and J.G. Stickley, Inc.


L.B. Foster Company


L.S. Starrett Company


LADD Furniture, Inc.


LSB Industries, Inc.


La-Z-Boy Incoporated


LaCie Group S.A.


LaSiDo Inc.


Lacks Enterprises Inc.


Ladish Co., Inc.


Lafarge Cement UK


Lafarge Corporation


Lafuma S.A.


Lakeland Industries, Inc.


Lam Research Corporation


Lamson & Sessions Co.


Lancer Corporation


Laserscope


LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc.


Lear Corporation


Leatherman Tool Group, Inc.


Leggett & Platt, Inc.


Leggett & Platt, Incorporated


Leica Camera AG


Leica Microsystems Holdings GmbH


Lennox International Inc.


Lenox, Inc.


Leupold & Stevens, Inc.


Lexmark International, Inc.


Liebherr-International AG


Lifetime Brands, Inc.


Linamar Corporation


Lincoln Electric Co.


Lindal Cedar Homes, Inc.


Lindsay Manufacturing Co.


Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd.


Little Tikes Co.


Little Tikes Company


Logitech International S.A.


Logitech International SA


Lufkin Industries, Inc.


Lydall, Inc.


Lynch Corporation


M & F Worldwide Corp.


M.A. Bruder & Sons, Inc.


MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc.


Mabuchi Motor Co. Ltd.


MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc.


MacGregor Golf Company


Mace Security International, Inc.


Mackay Envelope Corporation


Madeco S.A.


Madison-Kipp Corporation


Mag Instrument, Inc.


Maidenform, Inc.


Mail-Well, Inc.


Makita Corporation


Manhattan Group, LLC


Manitou BF S.A.


Manitowoc Company, Inc.


Marcolin S.p.A.


Margarete Steiff GmbH


Marine Products Corporation


Marisa Christina, Inc.


Mark IV Industries, Inc.


Marshall Amplification plc


Martin Industries, Inc.


Martin-Baker Aircraft Company Limited


Marvin Lumber & Cedar Company


Mary Kay, Inc.


Masco Corporation


Masonite International Corporation


Master Lock Company


MasterBrand Cabinets, Inc.


Material Sciences Corporation


Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.


Mattel, Inc.


Matth. Hohner AG


Matthews International Corporation


Maverick Tube Corporation


Maxco Inc.


Maxwell Shoe Company, Inc.


Maytag Corporation


McClain Industries, Inc.


McKechnie plc


McWane Corporation


Meade Instruments Corporation


Meadowcraft, Inc.


Measurement Specialties, Inc.


Medtronic, Inc.


Meggitt PLC


Meiji Seika Kaisha Ltd.


Memry Corporation


Menasha Corporation


Merck & Co., Inc.


Mercury Marine Group


Merillat Industries Inc.


Merillat Industries, LLC


Mestek, Inc.


Metso Corporation


Mettler-Toledo International Inc.


Michael Anthony Jewelers, Inc.


Micrel, Incorporated


Midwest Grain Products, Inc.


Miele & Cie. KG


Mikasa, Inc.


Mikohn Gaming Corporation


Milacron, Inc.


Miller Industries, Inc.


Milton Bradley Company


Mine Safety Appliances Company


Minolta Co., Ltd.


Minuteman International Inc.


Misonix, Inc.


Mity Enterprises, Inc.


Mobile Mini, Inc.


Mocon, Inc.


Modine Manufacturing Company


Modtech Holdings, Inc.


Moen Incorporated


Mohawk Industries, Inc.


Monnaie de Paris


Monster Cable Products, Inc.


Montblanc International GmbH


Montres Rolex S.A.


Montupet S.A.


Moog Music, Inc.


Morton International Inc.


Motorcar Parts & Accessories, Inc.


Moulinex S.A.


Movado Group, Inc.


Mr. Coffee, Inc.


Mr. Gasket Inc.


Multi-Color Corporation


Märklin Holding GmbH


NCR Corporation


NETGEAR, Inc.


NGK Insulators Ltd.


NKK Corporation


NOF Corporation


NSS Enterprises, Inc.


NTN Corporation


National Envelope Corporation


National Gypsum Company


National Oilwell, Inc.


National Picture & Frame Company


National Semiconductor Corporation


National Starch and Chemical Company


Natrol, Inc.


Natural Alternatives International, Inc.


Navistar International Corporation


Neenah Foundry Company


Neopost S.A.


New Holland N.V.


Newcor, Inc.


Newell Co.


Newell Rubbermaid Inc.


Newport Corporation


Newport News Shipbuilding Inc.


Nexans SA


Nidec Corporation


Nikon Corporation


Nintendo Company, Ltd.


Nippon Steel Corporation


NordicTrack


Nordson Corporation


Nortek, Inc.


Norton McNaughton, Inc.


Novellus Systems, Inc.


Nu-kote Holding, Inc.


O'Sullivan Industries Holdings, Inc.


ODL, Inc.


Oak Industries Inc.


Oakley, Inc.


Oakwood Homes Corporation


Oil-Dri Corporation of America


Oneida Ltd.


Optische Werke G. Rodenstock


Orange Glo International


Orbotech Ltd.


Orthofix International NV


Osmonics, Inc.


Otis Elevator Company, Inc.


Otor S.A.


Outboard Marine Corporation


Outdoor Research, Incorporated


Overhead Door Corporation


Owens Corning Corporation


Owosso Corporation


P & F Industries, Inc.


PPG Industries, Inc.


PVC Container Corporation


PW Eagle, Inc.


Pacer Technology


Pacific Coast Feather Company


Pacific Dunlop Limited


Pagnossin S.p.A.


Pall Corporation


Palm Harbor Homes, Inc.


Paloma Industries Ltd.


Panavision Inc.


Park Corp.


Parker-Hannifin Corporation


Parlex Corporation


Patrick Industries, Inc.


Paul Mueller Company


Pearl Musical Instrument Company


Pechiney SA


Pella Corporation


Penn Engineering & Manufacturing Corp.


Pentair, Inc.


Pentax Corporation


Pentech International, Inc.


PerkinElmer, Inc.


Peterson American Corporation


Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation


Phoenix AG


Phoenix Mecano AG


Physio-Control International Corp.


Pilkington plc


Pilot Pen Corporation of America


Pinguely-Haulotte SA


Pirelli & C. S.p.A.


Pitney Bowes, Inc.


Pittway Corporation


Planar Systems, Inc.


PlayCore, Inc.


Playmates Toys


Playskool, Inc.


Pleasant Company


Ply Gem Industries Inc.


Pochet SA


Polaris Industries Inc.


Polaroid Corporation


Pou Chen Corporation


Prada Holding B.V.


Pranda Jewelry plc


Praxair, Inc.


Precision Castparts Corp.


Pressman Toy Corporation


Presstek, Inc.


Price Pfister, Inc.


Prince Sports Group, Inc.


Printpack, Inc.


Printronix, Inc.


Puig Beauty and Fashion Group S.L.


Pulaski Furniture Corporation


Pumpkin Masters, Inc.


Punch International N.V.


Pure World, Inc.


Puritan-Bennett Corporation


Purolator Products Company


Q.E.P. Co., Inc.


QSC Audio Products, Inc.


Quixote Corporation


R. Griggs Group Limited


RENK AG


RF Micro Devices, Inc.


RHI AG


RMC Group p.l.c.


ROFIN-SINAR Technologies Inc.


ROHN Industries, Inc.


RPC Group PLC


RPM, Inc.


Racing Champions Corporation


Radio Flyer Inc.


Raleigh UK Ltd.


Rapala-Normark Group, Ltd.


Raven Industries, Inc.


Rayovac Corporation


Raytech Corporation


Recovery Engineering, Inc.


Red Spot Paint & Varnish Company


Red Wing Pottery Sales, Inc.


Reed & Barton Corporation


Regal-Beloit Corporation


Reichhold Chemicals, Inc.


Remington Arms Company, Inc.


Remington Products Company, L.L.C.


Renner Herrmann S.A.


Revell-Monogram Inc.


Revere Ware Corporation


Rexam PLC


Rexnord Corporation


Rheinmetall Berlin AG


Richardson Industries, Inc.


Riddell Sports Inc.


Rieter Holding AG


River Oaks Furniture, Inc.


Roadmaster Industries, Inc.


Robbins & Myers Inc.


Robertson-Ceco Corporation


Rock-Tenn Company


RockShox, Inc.


Rockford Products Corporation


Rockwell Automation


Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG


Rohm and Haas Company


Rohr Incorporated


Roland Corporation


Rollerblade, Inc.


Rolls-Royce Group PLC


Ronson PLC


Roper Industries Inc.


Roper Industries, Inc.


Rose Art Industries


Roseburg Forest Products Company


Rotork plc


Royal Appliance Manufacturing Company


Royal Canin S.A.


Royal Doulton plc


Royal Group Technologies Limited


Russ Berrie and Company, Inc.


S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc.


SIFCO Industries, Inc.


SL Industries, Inc.


SLI, Inc.


SPS Technologies, Inc.


SPX Corporation


SRAM Corporation


SRC Holdings Corporation


STMicroelectronics NV


Sabaté Diosos SA


Safe Flight Instrument Corporation


Safeskin Corporation


Safety Components International, Inc.


Safilo SpA


Salant Corporation


Salton, Inc.


Samick Musical Instruments Co., Ltd.


Samsonite Corp.


Samsonite Corporation


Samuel Cabot Inc.


Sandvik AB


Sanford L.P.


Sanitec Corporation


Sanrio Company, Ltd.


Sauder Woodworking Company


Sauer-Danfoss Inc.


Sawtek Inc.


Schindler Holding AG


Schlage Lock Company


School-Tech, Inc.


Schott Corporation


Scotsman Industries, Inc.


Scovill Fasteners Inc.


SeaChange International, Inc.


Sealed Air Corporation


Sealy Inc.


Seattle FilmWorks, Inc.


Segway LLC


Seiko Corporation


Select Comfort Corporation


Sequa Corp.


Serta, Inc.


Severstal Joint Stock Company


Shakespeare Company


Shanghai Baosteel Group Corporation


Sheaffer Pen Corporation


Shelby Williams Industries, Inc.


Sherwood Brands, Inc.


Shimano Inc.


Shorewood Packaging Corporation


Shuffle Master Inc.


Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc.


Siliconware Precision Industries Ltd.


Simmons Company


Simplicity Manufacturing, Inc.


Simula, Inc.


Skis Rossignol S.A.


Skyline Corporation


Smead Manufacturing Co.


Smith & Wesson Corp.


Smith & Wesson Corporation


Smith Corona Corp.


Smith-Midland Corporation


Smoby International SA


Snap-On, Incorporated


Société BIC S.A.


Sola International Inc.


Sonic Innovations Inc.


SonoSite, Inc.


Spacelabs Medical, Inc.


Sparton Corporation


Spear & Jackson, Inc.


Specialized Bicycle Components Inc.


Specialty Equipment Companies, Inc.


Specialty Products & Insulation Co.


Spectrum Control, Inc.


Speizman Industries, Inc.


Spin Master, Ltd.


Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc


St. John Knits, Inc.


Stanadyne Automotive Corporation


Standex International Corporation


Stanley Furniture Company, Inc.


Starcraft Corporation


Stearns, Inc.


Steel Authority of India Ltd.


Steel Dynamics, Inc.


Steel Technologies Inc.


Steelcase, Inc.


Steinway Musical Properties, Inc.


Stelco Inc.


Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc.


Stratasys, Inc.


Strattec Security Corporation


Straumann Holding AG


Strombecker Corporation


Stryker Corporation


Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc.


Sub-Zero Freezer Co., Inc.


Sudbury Inc.


Sumitomo Heavy Industries, Ltd.


Sunburst Shutters Corporation


Superior Essex Inc.


Swank Inc.


Swarovski International Holding AG


Swedish Match AB


Sweetheart Cup Company, Inc.


Sybron International Corp.


Syratech Corp.


Systemax, Inc.


TAB Products Co.


TAG Heuer International SA


TAG Heuer S.A.


TB Wood's Corporation


TDK Corporation


TJ International, Inc.


TOTO LTD.


TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.


Tacony Corporation


Taiheiyo Cement Corporation


Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.


Tamron Company Ltd.


Tarkett Sommer AG


Taser International, Inc.


Taylor Guitars


Taylor Made Golf Co.


TearDrop Golf Company


Techtronic Industries Company Ltd.


Tecumseh Products Company


Tektronix, Inc.


Teledyne, Inc.


Tempur-Pedic Inc.


Tenaris SA


Tennant Company


Terex Corporation


Tetra Pak International SA


Thales S.A.


The Allied Defense Group, Inc.


The Andersons, Inc.


The Aristotle Corporation


The Babcock & Wilcox Company


The Bing Group


The Black & Decker Corporation


The Boyds Collection, Ltd.


The Carbide/Graphite Group, Inc.


The Charles Machine Works, Inc.


The Clorox Company


The Coleman Company, Inc.


The Cooper Companies, Inc.


The Eastern Company


The Eureka Company


The First Years Inc.


The Franklin Mint


The Gates Corporation


The George F. Cram Company, Inc.


The Gorman-Rupp Company


The Gunlocke Company


The Hartz Mountain Corporation


The Hockey Company


The Holland Group, Inc.


The Hoover Company


The Lamson & Sessions Co.


The Lane Co., Inc.


The Longaberger Company


The Manitowoc Company, Inc.


The Marmon Group


The Middleton Doll Company


The Monarch Cement Company


The Morgan Crucible Company plc


The Ohio Art Company


The Porcelain and Fine China Companies Ltd.


The Scotts Company


The Selmer Company, Inc.


The Shaw Group, Inc.


The Singer Company N.V.


The Singing Machine Company, Inc.


The Stanley Works


The Stephan Company


The Swatch Group SA


The Testor Corporation


The Timken Company


The Topaz Group, Inc.


The Toro Company


The Torrington Company


The Wiremold Company


The York Group, Inc.


Thermadyne Holding Corporation


Thermo BioAnalysis Corp.


Thermo Fibertek, Inc.


Thermo Instrument Systems Inc.


Thermo King Corporation


Thiokol Corporation


Thomas & Betts Corp.


Thomas Industries Inc.


Thomasville Furniture Industries, Inc.


Thor Industries, Inc.


Thyssen Krupp AG


TiVo Inc.


Tilia Inc.


Timex Corporation


Titan Cement Company S.A.


Todd Shipyards Corporation


Tokheim Corporation


Tomy Company Ltd.


Tong Yang Cement Corporation


Tonka Corporation


Toolex International N.V.


Toray Industries, Inc.


Town & Country Corporation


Toymax International, Inc.


Trane


TransPro, Inc.


Tredegar Corporation


Trek Bicycle Corporation


Trex Company, Inc.


TriMas Corp.


TriPath Imaging, Inc.


TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.


Trico Products Corporation


Trisko Jewelry Sculptures, Ltd.


Triumph Group, Inc.


Tubos de Acero de Mexico, S.A. (TAMSA)


Tultex Corporation


Tupperware Corporation


Twin Disc, Inc.


Ty Inc.


Tyco International Ltd.


Tyco Toys, Inc.


U.S. Robotics Corporation


U.S. Robotics Inc.


ULVAC, Inc.


UTStarcom, Inc.


Ube Industries, Ltd.


Ultralife Batteries, Inc.


United Defense Industries, Inc.


United Defense, L.P.


United Dominion Industries Limited


United Industrial Corporation


United States Filter Corporation


United States Pipe and Foundry Company


Unitika Ltd.


Unitog Co.


Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais S.A.


Utah Medical Products, Inc.


VA TECH ELIN EBG GmbH


VTech Holdings Ltd.


Vaillant GmbH


Vallourec SA


Valmont Industries, Inc.


Vari-Lite International, Inc.


Varian, Inc.


Variflex, Inc.


Varlen Corporation


Varta AG


Velcro Industries N.V.


Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.


Vermeer Manufacturing Company


Vestas Wind Systems A/S


Viasystems Group, Inc.


Vickers plc


Victorinox AG


Vidrala S.A.


Viessmann Werke GmbH & Co.


ViewSonic Corporation


Viking Range Corporation


Villeroy & Boch AG


Virco Manufacturing Corporation


Viscofan S.A.


Viskase Companies, Inc.


Vita Plus Corporation


Vitro Corporativo S.A. de C.V.


Vorwerk & Co.


Vosper Thornycroft Holding plc


Vossloh AG


W. H. Brady Co.


W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc.


W.A. Whitney Company


W.C. Bradley Co.


W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc.


W.W. Grainger, Inc.


WD-40 Company


WMS Industries, Inc.


Wabash National Corp.


Wabtec Corporation


Walbro Corporation


Walter Industries, Inc.


Washington Scientific Industries, Inc.


Wassall Plc


Waterford Wedgwood plc


Waters Corporation


Watts Industries, Inc.


Watts of Lydney Group Ltd.


Weber-Stephen Products Co.


Weeres Industries Corporation


Weg S.A.


Welbilt Corp.


Weru Aktiengesellschaft


West Bend Co.


Westell Technologies, Inc.


Westerbeke Corporation


Western Digital Corp.


Wheaton Science Products


Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corporation


Whirlpool Corporation


White Consolidated Industries Inc.


Wilbert, Inc.


Wilkinson Sword Ltd.


William L. Bonnell Company, Inc.


William Zinsser & Company, Inc.


Wilson Sporting Goods Company


Wincor Nixdorf Holding GmbH


Windmere Corporation


Winegard Company


WinsLoew Furniture, Inc.


Wolverine Tube Inc.


Wood-Mode, Inc.


Woodcraft Industries Inc.


Woodward Governor Co.


Woodward Governor Company


Wright Medical Group, Inc.


Wyant Corporation


Wyman-Gordon Company


Wynn's International, Inc.


Württembergische Metallwarenfabrik AG (WMF)


X-Rite, Inc.


Xerox Corporation


Yamaha Corporation


York International Corp.


Young Innovations, Inc.


Zebra Technologies Corporation


Zero Corporation


ZiLOG, Inc.


Zindart Ltd.


Zippo Manufacturing Company


Zodiac S.A.


Zygo Corporation


bioMérieux S.A.


geobra Brandstätter GmbH & Co. KG


voestalpine AG















Lennox Global Ltd                                                                                                        - Doral                                             , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Doral



Warm Air Heating and Air Conditioning



Wholesale - Air Conditioning Equipment, Except Room Units, Nec



                            Lennox Global Ltd
                                    



 





















L 


Lennox Global Ltd                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2335 NW 107TH AVE STE 132 DORAL, FL 33172
Get Directions



(305) 718-2921
 





Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,160,880.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Wholesale - Air Conditioning Equipment, Except Room Units, Nec
 Contacts Victor Mora                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Lennox Global Ltd                                                                                                        is located at 2335 Nw 107th Ave Ste 132 in Doral and has been in the business of Wholesale - Air Conditioning Equipment, Except Room Units, Nec since 1995. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





































































Your Location:









Find a Dealer



 My Dealer 




Dave Lennox Premier Dealer




                                            {{ getMyDealerLocation().phone }}
                                        




 Find a Dealer








Menu 



















































































Lennox Global Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 22, 2017 4:15 AM ET

Company Overview of Lennox Global Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lennox Global Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Lennox International, Inc.


2140 Lake Park BoulevardRichardson, TX 75080United StatesFounded in 1980



Phone: 972-497-5000








Key Executives for Lennox Global Ltd.


Lennox Global Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lennox Global Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Lennox Global Ltd | Miami, FL - Macrae's Blue Book






















America's Original Industrial Directory Since 1893 

Login











Home
News



Advertise With Us

Ultimate Marketing Bundle
Industrial B2B Search Engine Rankings
Industrial Directory Advertising




Get Listed
Why Us?
About Us







Company / 
						Product/Service




 

Search













Is This Your Company?

Lennox Global Ltd



Address:

11690 NW 25th St Ste 124
Miami,  FL
,  33172-1705





Phone:
305-718-2900
Fax:
305-470-2007
Website:


								www.stronglgl.com
							


Contact this Company


This company is located in the Eastern Time Zone and the office is currently
								Closed


Get a Free Quote from Lennox Global Ltd and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...AIR CONDITIONING & PURIFYING EQUIPMENTREFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES WHOLESALERS






Lennox Global Ltd Products:
Manufactures Air Conditioning And Refrigeration Equipment Chemical or pharmaceutical machinery or equipment manufacture services, Cement plant machinery or equipment manufacture services, Textile machinery or equipment manufacture services




Estimated Shipping Rates from 	Miami, Florida to

(Select State Below)
Alabama (AL) Alaska (AK) Arizona (AZ) Arkansas (AR) California (CA) Colorado (CO) Connecticut (CT) Delaware (DE) Florida (FL) Georgia (GA) Hawaii (HI) Idaho (ID) Illinois (IL) Indiana (IN) Iowa (IA) Kansas (KS) Kentucky (KY) Louisiana (LA) Maine (ME) Maryland (MD) Massachusetts (MA) Michigan (MI) Minnesota (MN) Mississippi (MS) Missouri (MO) Montana (MT) Nebraska (NE) Nevada (NV) New Hampshire (NH) New Jersey (NJ) New Mexico (NM) New York (NY) North Carolina (NC) North Dakota (ND) Ohio (OH) Oklahoma (OK) Oregon (OR) Pennsylvania (PA) Rhode Island (RI) South Carolina (SC) South Dakota (SD) Tennessee (TN) Texas (TX) Utah (UT) Vermont (VT) Virginia (VA) Washington (WA) West Virginia (WV) Wisconsin (WI) Wyoming (WY)


			These costs are an estimate and cannot be used as actual shipping costs. Please contact Lennox Global Ltd for a complete quote with shipping costs.
			




Shipment Type
Estimated Price


Pallet
$65


Crate
$70


Partial Flatbed
$660


Partial Dry Van
$750


48' or 53' Dry Van Truckload
$770





Get a Free Quote from Lennox Global Ltd and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...AIR CONDITIONING & PURIFYING EQUIPMENTREFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES WHOLESALERS









Additional Info for Lennox Global Ltd



							Products - National
 

							Products - Local
 



Products offered by Lennox Global Ltd


AIR CONDITIONING & PURIFYING EQUIPMENT REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES WHOLESALERS



Products offered in Florida


					AIR CONDITIONING & PURIFYING EQUIPMENT - serving Florida 

					REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES WHOLESALERS - serving Florida 



  








Show All


Related Companies
					
					within
					
10 mi 20 mi 50 mi 100 mi 200 mi 500 mi


Relating Score



B

Articco Inc
1.1mi
10475 NW 28th St, Doral
								

10


C

Parker Davis Hvac Systems
1.3mi
2260 NW 102nd Pl, Doral
								

10


D

Quality Equipment Corp
2.4mi
9400 NW 12th St, Doral
								

10


E

Q E Quality Investments Corp
2.4mi
9400 NW 12th St, Miami
								

10


F

Saeg Inc
4.4mi
8012 NW 68th St, Miami
								

10


G

Refricenter of Miami Inc
4.7mi
7101 NW 43rd St, Miami
								

10


H

Annie's Air Cond & Export Inc
4.9mi
6904 NW 50th St, Miami
								

10


I

Advanced Ice Systems Inc
5.4mi
10100 Nw 116th Way Ste 3, Miami
								

10


J

Fsd Group Inc
5.7mi
9615 NW 80th Ave, Hialeah
								

10


K

Blue Supply, Corp
6.1mi
4238 SW 75th Ave, Miami
								

10


L

Middleton & Assoc Inc
6.6mi
7316 SW 48th St, Miami
								

10


M

Daikin Ac Americas Inc
7.7mi
11430 Sw 88th St Ste 305, Miami
								

10












Services
About MacRAE's
Quick links
Local Search Partners
Industrial Partners


Advertise With Us
Get Listed
Contact MacRAE'S BLUE BOOK

About Us
FAQ's
Partners
News
Testimonials


Link To Us
Data Products
Terms and Conditions
Site Map


Profile Canada


Canadian Trade Index 


 

Browse by Company:  
		A-B 
		C-E 
		F-J 
		K-O 
		P-S 
		T-Z 
		
		                 
		Browse by Heading:  
		A-C  
		D-K  
		L-R  
		S-Z




			© 2017 MacRAE'S. All rights reserved
			
Like us -


|
Join us -


|
Follow us -
















  
































Lennox Global, 11420 N Kendall Dr Ste 103 Miami Fl 33176 1039 Usa | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Lennox Global
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Lennox Global's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
1 U.S. shipment available for Lennox Global, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2016-06-09
See all 1 shipment record for Lennox Global with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Lennox Global
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Distribuidora Granada SA De Cv 






1 supplier available
        


Top products


spare parts 





fancoil 





air conditioner 





conditioner 





air conditioners 






15 top products available
        





Contact information for Lennox Global


 

Address
11420 N Kendall Dr Ste 103 Miami Fl 33176 1039 Usa

 



Sign up to access 


 




           
      More contact information 



Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Date
2016-06-09


Shipper Name
Distribuidora Granada Sa De Cv


Shipper Address
25 AVE SUR #765, SAN SALVADOR, EL SALVADOR, SAL


Consignee Name
Lennox Global


Consignee Address
11420 N KENDALL DR, STE 103, MIAMI, FL 33176-1039 USA


Notify Party Name
Lennox International Inc


Notify Party Address
11420 N KENDALL DR, MIAMI, FL 33176-1039 USA


Weight
8951


Weight Unit
L


Weight in KG
4060.11


Quantity
38


Quantity Unit
PCS


Country of Origin
El Salvador


Details
4,060.11 kgFrom port: Puerto Matias De Galves, GuatemalaTo port: Port Of Entry-Miami Seaport, Miami, Florida


Place of Receipt
Sna Salvador, El


Foreign Port of Lading
Puerto Matias De Galves, Guatemala


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port Of Entry-Miami Seaport, Miami, Florida


U.S. Destination Port
Port Of Entry-Miami Seaport, Miami, Florida


Commodity
PCS AIR CONDITIONER MINISPLIT


Container
SMLU2558236


Carrier Name
SEABOARD MARINE LTD


Vessel Name
SEABOARD PATRIOT


Voyage Number
00032


Bill of Lading Number
SMLU4510339A


Lloyd's Code
9395551


HTS Codes
HTS 8415







 



Buyers of similar products 
air conditioner buyersair conditioners buyersconditioner buyersfancoil buyershideaway buyersspare parts buyers




Suppliers of similar products
air conditioner manufacturersair conditioners manufacturersconditioner manufacturersfancoil manufacturershideaway manufacturersspare parts manufacturers




Buyers similar to Lennox Global

Cost Plus World Imp. VirginiaIdeoto LlcPolycess CorporationApa LogisticsJ E M China Direct LlcUnited Casing Inc.







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Free-HVAC-Estimates.com | Save Money on Heating &amp AC Services

















	Save Money on Heating & Cooling Services


	When local HVAC contractors compete for your business -- You Save! Get quotes from up to four pre-screened, licensed, & insured contractors. Get a quote today and see how much you could save!


	Complete the form below to see which of the HVAC companies we found for you offers the best price.



 Compare HVAC Prices for Great Deals
 



We want to make sure you get the job done right. Free-HVAC-Estimates.com is here to help you find licensed and prescreened HVAC contractors in your area, for free. Our system is backed by a quality screening process, and will only recommend the best contractors at the best prices. Heating & Cooling Contractors Furnace repair is a nuisance, and it always seems to occur in the middle of a bitterly cold winter. So you can't let furnace repair go for very long without fixing it, unless you like runny noses and hacking coughs. Except heating systems can be an easier fix than you may at first imagine. Sometimes a circuit breaker has simply tripped or a fuse has blown. If this is not the case though, you may have a blown pilot light. Though the fix may still be simple, it would be a good idea to hire a trained professional in furnace repair to address major problems in order to be safe rather than sorry. Need a new heating product for your home? Find price comparisons from various stores selling Heaters, Water Heaters and Space Heaters. HVAC Can Raise Your Comfort Level They may not be glamorous, but there's little doubt that the components that make up the HVAC system (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) are some of the most critical features of your home. Installed and maintained properly, these systems have a major impact on your comfort and health. When considering a new home or renovation of an old one, it's worth taking the time and investing the money to select the right systems to guarantee a long, comfortable life span for you and your home in . Our contractors can help you decide which HVAC system and brand is right for you: Trane, Carrier, Goodman, Amana, or Bryant. When you sit down with your contractor, be sure to consider the environment into which the HVAC system will be placed. 




Free-Hvac-Estimates.com








Please continue.









Almost Done…









Install/Replace or Repair Unit?





Install / Replace





Repair






What type of HVAC Services are you interested in?




Select Service


Central A/C


Heat Pump


Furnace/Central Heating


Boiler/Radiator






What type of Fuel?




Select Fuel Type


Natural Gas Fired


Propane Gas Fired


Oil Fired


Electric Fired








Are you the homeowner?*





yes





no






Zip Code*











First name:







Last name:







Street address:




[zip]





Phone number:







Email:







By clicking 'Get Matches', you authorize Home Improvement Leads and up to four home service companies that can help with your project to call or text you on the phone number provided using autodialed and prerecorded calls or messages. Your consent to this agreement is not required to purchase products or services. We respect your privacy.








GO >





























Free-HVAC-Estimates | Save Money On Heating & AC Services | error404


















Your Nationwide Resource for Local HVAC Experts






error404





404 Page Not FoundWe're sorry but the page you are looking for doesn't appear to exist!






Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
FAQ







Free-HVAC-Estimates | Save Money On Heating & AC Services | error404


















Your Nationwide Resource for Local HVAC Experts






error404





404 Page Not FoundWe're sorry but the page you are looking for doesn't appear to exist!






Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
FAQ







Free-HVAC-Estimates | Save Money On Heating & AC Services | error404


















Your Nationwide Resource for Local HVAC Experts






error404





404 Page Not FoundWe're sorry but the page you are looking for doesn't appear to exist!






Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
FAQ





