


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Corporate Income Fund (PRPIX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Corporate Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRPIX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.73
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.06%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.34
							
							-
							
								$9.92
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$939.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Corporate Income Fund among 
174,
174,
145
and 
85
Corporate Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide high income and some capital growth.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							3.25%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.88%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.88%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					1.84%
				
			

				
					1.84%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.32%
				
			

				
					3.32%
				
			


5 Years

				
					4.14%
				
			

				
					4.14%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.58%
				
			

				
					5.58%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.89%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.89%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1995
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.62%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.62%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                













Business Supplies | Staples Business Advantage Home














































Fewer than 10 employees? Visit staples.com








A complete program for your workday supplies.
At Staples Business Advantage®, we’re focused on delivering exactly what your business needs, like supplies, services and account expertise to help you make the most of every order. 







Thank you for contacting us!
A Staples Business Advantage representative will be in touch shortly. We are committed to customizing the perfect program for you with a wide range of solutions for all your business needs.

Find out more.
Fill out the information below to get started.










              SC Visitor ID:            






              Unique Form Lead ID:            






              RF_ConfidenceDescription:            






              RF_ConfidenceLevel:            






              RF_SITE_CompanyName:            






              RF_SITE_Addr1:            






              RF_SITE_Addr2:            






              RF_SITE_State:            






              RF_SITE_StateCode:            






              RF_SITE_Country:            






              RF_SITE_CountryCode:            






              RF_SITE_Zip:            






              RF_SITE_Phone:            






              RF_SITE_TradeName:            






              RF_SITE_URL:            






              RF_SITE_LocationType:            






              RF_SITE_SubCode:            






              RF_SITE_SICCode:            






              RF_SITE_SICName:            






              RF_SITE_NAICCode:            






              RF_SITE_NAICSName:            






              RF_SITE_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_SITE_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_SITE_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_SITE_AnnualRev:            






              RF_SITE_Global2K:            






              RF_SITE_Fortune500:            






              RF_inferredAreaCode:            






              RF_inferredCity:            






              RF_inferredState:            






              RF_inferredCountry:            






              RF_inferredIndustry:            






              RF_inferredPublic:            






              RF_inferredRevenue:            






              RF_inferredEmployees:            






              RF_HQ_CompanyName:            






              RF_HQ_Addr1:            






              RF_HQ_Addr2:            






              RF_HQ_City:            






              RF_HQ_State:            






              RF_HQ_StateCode:            






              RF_HQ_Country:            






              RF_HQ_CountryCode:            






              RF_HQ_Zip:            






              RF_HQ_Phone:            






              RF_HQ_TradeName:            






              RF_HQ_URL:            






              RF_HQ_LocationType:            






              RF_HQ_SubCode:            






              RF_HQ_SICCode:            






              RF_HQ_NAICCode:            






              RF_HQ_NAICSName:            






              RF_HQ_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_HQ_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_HQ_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_HQ_AnnualRev:            






              RF_HQ_Global2K:            






              RF_HQ_Fortune500:            






              RF_DHQ_CompanyName:            






              RF_DHQ_Addr1:            






              RF_DHQ_Addr2:            






              RF_DHQ_City:            






              RF_DHQ_State:            






              RF_DHQ_StateCode:            






              RF_DHQ_Country:            






              RF_DHQ_CountryCode:            






              RF_DHQ_Zip:            






              RF_DHQ_Phone:            






              RF_DHQ_TradeName:            






              RF_DHQ_URL:            






              RF_DHQ_LocationType:            






              RF_DHQ_SubCode:            






              RF_DHQ_SICCode:            






              RF_DHQ_SicName:            






              RF_DHQ_NAICCode:            






              RF_DHQ_NAICSName:            






              RF_DHQ_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_DHQ_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_DHQ_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_DHQ_AnnualRev:            






              RF_DHQ_Global2K:            






              RF_DHQ_Fortune500:            






              RF_GHQ_CompanyName:            






              RF_GHQ_Addr1:            






              RF_GHQ_Addr2:            






              RF_GHQ_City:            






              RF_GHQ_State:            






              RF_GHQ_StateCode:            






              RF_GHQ_Country:            






              RF_GHQ_CountryCode:            






              RF_GHQ_Zip:            






              RF_GHQ_Phone:            






              RF_GHQ_TradeName:            






              RF_GHQ_URL:            






              RF_GHQ_LocationType:            






              RF_GHQ_SubCode:            






              RF_GHQ_SICCode:            






              RF_GHQ_SicName:            






              RF_GHQ_NAICCode:            






              RF_GHQ_NAICSName:            






              RF_GHQ_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_GHQ_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_GHQ_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_GHQ_AnnualRev:            






              RF_GHQ_Global2K:            






              RF_GHQ_Fortune500:            






              RF_Site_EmployeesTotalTrans:            






              RF_SITE_City:            






              RF_HQ_SicName:            



















































































              Campaign Source:            




Submit
















or
Call us at 844-243-8645
Monday - Friday 8 am - 5 pm ET








Products you can count on for the office and beyond.
Not only does Staples Business Advantage offer top brands of office products, we also offer supplies for your entire workplace.
                        Cleaning • Breakroom • Technology • Print Services • Furniture






Why Staples Business Advantage





Dedicated Account Manager
At your service whenever you need assistance.





Customized Pricing
Know you're always getting the best price for the supplies you need.





Top Brands
The widest selection of names you trust.





Website Built for Business
Shop your way with lists, requests, auto restock, and our mobile app.







10+ employees? Discover the value of Staples Business Advantage.
Get Started





Copyright 2017, Staples, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   |   Policies, Terms & Conditions   |   Privacy & Security   |   About Staples Inc.
































Office Supplies | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail






Office Supplies
From writing supplies and copy paper to organization tools, ink and toner and more, we have exactly what your business needs to keep running smoothly. And as a Staples Business Advantage® customer, you'll receive your exclusive pricing at any Staples® retail store.






Fast, Free DeliveryTop BrandsCompetitive PricingOne Source



Your one source for the officeWhether you're stocking up the entire office or just looking for a few key supplies, Staples Business Advantage is your one source. We offer the top brands at great prices and with free shipping and easy invoicing so your business gets the most out of every order.




A few of our favorite products
New finds, old favorites and bestsellers – we love office supplies. Here are our recommendations for you and your staff.




Featured Products

Avery® 3" Heavy-Duty View Binder with One Touch™ EZD® Rings, Red


Ampad® EZ Flag Writing Pad,50 Sheets/Pad, 4/Pack


Sharpie® Permanent Markers, Fine Tip, Silver Metallic Ink, 12/Pack





Brands you know and trust
Looking for a specific brand? Here are a few of our top choices when it comes to office supplies.




Featured Brands




Staples® brand products
Buy with confidence.
When you buy our brand, quality is more than expected — it's guaranteed. We source durable materials, develop premium features and conduct rigorous tests to make affordable products you can count on. Because high quality doesn't have to come at a high price.





Staples® One-Touch™ Plus Desktop Flat Stack Full-Strip StaplerOne-Touch staplers require up to 60% less effort than standard staplers.




Staples® Colored ReinforcedTop Tab File Folders Bright yet durable file folders to help organize any office.




M by Staples® Arc Customizable Durable Poly Notebook System Add, remove and rearrange pages and accessories again and again.













SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Furniture Solutions | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY
























Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail







Office Furniture Solutions
From a replacement cabinet to a total office redesign, when you plan, pick and purchase from Staples Business Advantage, you'll get quality furniture delivered and installed on time and on budget.






Imagine. Design. Deliver.
Get to know the workspace experts at Staples Business Advantage.
Learn more




Designing for Workplace Safety Webinar
Are your employees truly ready for workplace emergencies?
Watch Webinar



Your office is your business' first impression. What is it saying?
When you need to design a room, floor or building, our team can make your vision a reality.
Watch the video




Metropolis
Susan Szenasy, editor in chief of Metropolis Magazine, discusses our recent Workplace of the Future design competition.
Read the full story



NACCU grew, but its budget didn't.
As Navy Army Community Credit Union expanded, it needed a solution that matched its look and budget.
Watch the video




How will we work in 2020?
Paul Darrah, head of corporate real estate at Bridgewater Associates, discusses the "brick and mortar" perspective of the workplace of the future.
Read the full story







Experienced professionals
We can make your vision a reality
Staples Business Advantage has an expert team consisting of Sales, Designers, Project Managers and Installers who have been in the furniture industry for years and bring their expertise to your office.




Contemporary office furniture
Find the latest furniture styles from brands like HON®, Allsteel®, National and Gunlocke to freshen and energize your workplace. Plus, thanks to our size, we can offer the most competitive pricing, even rental and leasing options.

Learn more about our furniture assortment





An eye for design
Count on Staples Business Advantage
Sometimes you need more help. Maybe you have a bigger space, a major build-out or a project that needs design and oversight. Our team provides a custom layout based on your space, and we make sure the project stays on schedule.




Something for every office
Furniture sets the mood in your office. It means comfort, function and style. And whether you need furniture for a commercial, healthcare or education space, we have the top brands for your workplace.

View our design gallery








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Printing Services | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail






Print and Marketing Services
Whether your company needs same-day flyers, labels & packaging, or anything in between, Staples Business Advantage offers products and services to provide you with a customized solution.






ExpertiseQualityNationwide NetworkDone Right



An industry leader for every industry.From business cards and brochures to labels and packaging, we're equipped to handle any job for any business — while living up to your brand standards.





A passion for making it perfect.
See how we put our expertise and state-of-the art technology to work for you on every single project.
Watch the video




Our professional printing services.
Learn how our team of print specialists use the latest technology to craft the perfect solutions to your business needs.
Download the brochure



The New Digital Face of Print
Technology hasn’t killed print - quite the opposite, actually. Going digital has changed the print landscape in unexpected and exciting ways.
Download the white paper




Digital and Print: A Match Made in Heaven
By blending the traditional with the modern, new print trends are transforming the industry and helping businesses succeed.
View blog post



How Tufts University successfully consolidated its digital print spend.
Learn the benefits Tufts gained from consolidating its $5 million print spend from 170 vendors to 10.
Read the full story




Find out how Yankee Candle® cut print production time by 70%.
With one change, Yankee Candle reduced time spent by 70%.
Read the full story







Count on our experts.
Decades of experience in meeting your goals.
From account representatives to press operators and premedia specialists, our experts provide effective solutions and a roadmap to your business goals.

Dedicated Account Management
Exceptional Customer Service Team
Industry leader in Print Services
60+ years in the Print industry





Print Products & Services
Stunning print. Sure-fire results. 
Our end-to-end print solutions not only meet all your print needs, but also your business objectives

Marketing Collateral
Custom Print & Corporate Identity
Kitting & Fulfillment
Premedia Services
Promotional Products





State-of-the art technology.
On the leading edge of Print.
Our experts perfect your print projects by working closely with our printing resources, including stores, production centers and the Staples network of printers - all to make sure the finished results meet every expectation.




Across the country. Around the corner.
We're wherever you need us.
We're nimble enough to support you locally and powerful enough to partner with you nationally.

Nationwide network of production and distribution facilities
1200+ print centers inside Staples® stores








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Breakroom Solutions | Staples Business Advantage

















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail







Breakroom Solutions
It's easy to make your breakroom or kitchen a place where people feel happy, energized and comfortable. Count on Staples Business Advantage® to tailor water and coffee delivery programs as well as furniture solutions especially for your office.





FAST, FREE DELIVERYTOP BRANDSEASY ORDERINGORDER CONSOLIDATION



Recipe for successIt's no secret that a stocked breakroom can keep your employees happy and motivated. And with the biggest brands, easy ordering, free delivery and more, you can skip the trip to the wholesale club.
Learn more about our breakroom assortment







We have the breakroom covered
Staples Business Advantage has everything you need to keep employees in their...happy place.
Watch the video




The Ever-Evolving Breakroom
From cafeteria-style tables to the watercooler and the ubiquitous coffeepot, the images that the word “breakroom” conjures up for workers can vary.
Learn more



Protect your office from the Flu.
From top cleaning products to helpful articles on how to fight illness, you'll find everything you need to promote health and wellness at our resource center.
Visit Wellness Center




3 Tips to Maximize Productivity in Your Office
Seeing some slack? Discover three ways that facility and office managers can boost their employees' motivation and productivity.
Read the full story







 Coffee program 
Exactly what they need to get it done.
Create a coffee program and receive a Keurig® or Newco commercial coffee brewer at no cost (with minimum spend), plus installation and ongoing service.

Receive an assessment of your breakroom usage as well as recommendations for brewers, coffee and supplies
No hidden costs, delivery fees or service charges





Water program
Two convenient options for the office.
We've partnered with DS Services of America Inc. to provide you with:

Countertop or full-height water dispensers with built-in filtration and free system checkups every six months and annual filter changes
Water coolers with 5-gallon bottles delivered (limited delivery area)






The products you need to Power your People
At Staples Business Advantage we understand that the cleaning wipes, the coffee, the snacks, the candy and the beverages are what keeps the people in your office powered for productivity and happiness.

Learn more about what People Products can do for you





Breakroom furniture program
Make the most of your breakroom with our furniture program. We provide start-to-finish support, including design services, delivery and installation.

Top furniture brands, such as HON®, Safco® and Iceberg®
Furniture, beverage carts, framed art and more


Learn more about our furniture assortment








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Facility Solutions | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail






Facility Solutions
When the whole building is counting on you to keep everything running smoothly, you can count on Staples® Facility Solutions. Our facility experts are here so you can expect the unexpected and make it through the day.






Product ExpertiseTop BrandsNationwide NetworkSustainable Solutions



Built for your businessNo two facilities are exactly alike. That's why we design a program that's right for your specific workplace. Our specialists work with you to create a solution that's good for your business and your bottom line.





Every year budgets get smaller, but the building never does.
Facility Manager Frank DeFonte manages over 1 million sq. ft. every day. Learn how he makes it all possible.
Watch the video




Prep for the Flu Season.
Don't let flu symptoms slow your employees down. Get the information and the supplies you need to help keep everyone healthy.
Visit Wellness Center



Reduce labor costs by optimizing cleaning operations.
Download our free whitepaper and gain a new perspective on where time, effort and money may be being wasted.
Download Now




Ready to start saving? Get your free Facility Assessment.
Tell us a little about your facility and receive a full assessment with tips on consolidation and efficiency.
Get started



Order on the go with the Staples Business Advantage® mobile app.
Approve orders, create shopping lists, even restock your supplies with the Scan-to-Order barcode reader.
Learn more




Expert advise to your inbox - Shoptalk
Our bi-monthly newsletter brings valuable insights and information for your business.
Sign up for Shoptalk







Experts in the field
Working with you every step of the way.
Our facilities specialists are located all around the country so you have a resource in your area. And with an average of 15 years of on-the-job experience, they're exactly who you want by your side when something goes wrong.




The selection you expect
We've partnered with industry leading suppliers to bring you the most cost-effective assortment. From GOJO® to Georgia-Pacific, Diversey to Nobles, Rubbermaid® and more, you can count on quality.

Learn more about our janitorial supplies





Safety supplies for the workplace
There's nothing more important than your employee's safety. That's why we carry what you need to keep them safe on the jobsite. Discover all the ways Staples Facility Solutions can help.

Learn more about our safety assortment


Workplace Safety Infographic








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Technology Solutions | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail






Technology Solutions
Your business runs on technology, from your office network and server to the PCs and accessories for your associates. And when there's a problem, you need a partner who is dedicated to getting you up and running fast. Staples® Technology Solutions can do that.






Fast, Free DeliveryProduct ExpertiseConvenient ServiceOne Source



A technology program built around youWe create a program that's right for your business. Our IT professionals are available when you need them, plus everything you order gets free shipping and there's only one invoice to process.





Take technology and print issues off your desk.
Whether you need one keyboard or a total IT solution, we'll customize a program that's right for you.
Watch the video




Mobility Solutions from Staples Business Advantage.
From the devices and apps to security and support, we’re here to help create a solution that fits your workforce.
Watch the Video







Experts at your service
Work with someone local to you.
Work with technology partners who understand your business, your challenges and your efficiency and financial goals.

Nationwide network of experienced, helpful techs
Partner with someone in your area, who can assist you on site





Products for every office
From PCs and peripherals for the office to multifunctional printers and warranties to protect it all, we have the assortment you need to support every part of your business.

Learn more about our technology assortment





Technology services
From IT and data centers to managed print.
Each workplace is unique and requires its own technology solution. That's why we offer the right selection of services.

Managed print solutions
Data center management
Mobility solutions





Mobility Solutions
Connect your workforce. Empower your employees. Transform your business.
Our mobility experts will help you create, deploy, manage and secure a mobile solution for your business. You'll get the latest mobile devices loaded with powerful business apps and complete lifecycle management.

 Learn more about Mobility Solutions





e-Recycling and data destruction services
Let's keep your company's data private. Whether you need smartphone, server or computer recycling, we offer a variety of services. All technology recycling includes data destruction, plus option serial number capture.

Learn more about technology recycling








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X





















Our Story | Lexington Realty Trust




























Skip to main content



 


 





Search form

Search 
 

Search



 




  





NYSE:LXP

10.13 Price ($):10.13Change ($):0.05Change (%):0.5Volume:161,421High ($):10.14Low ($):9.98
 







About UsOur Story
What We Do
LeadershipManagement Team
Board of Trustees

Careers

Investors
Portfolio
CapabilitiesBuild-to-Suits
Sale-Leasebacks
Investments
Joint Ventures
Tax Deferred Strategies

 




 


Our Story







Lexington Realty Trust's predecessor was organized in the state of Delaware in October 1993 upon the combination of two investment programs, Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P., which we refer to as LCIF, and Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P., which we refer to as LCIF II, which were formed to acquire net-lease real estate assets providing current income. Lexington's predecessor was merged into Lexington Corporate Properties Trust, a Maryland statutory REIT, on December 31, 1997. On December 31, 2006, Lexington Corporate Properties Trust changed its name to Lexington Realty Trust and was the successor in a merger with Newkirk Realty Trust, or Newkirk. All of Newkirk's operations were conducted, and all of its assets were held, through its master limited partnership, subsequently named The Lexington Master Limited Partnership, which we refer to as the MLP. As of December 31, 2008, the MLP was merged with and into Lexington. As of December 30, 2013, LCIF II was merged with and into LCIF.Since 1993, Lexington has made quarterly distribution to its shareholders and unit holders without interruption.Lexington is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, as a portion of its business is conducted through its operating partnership subsidiary, LCIF. In addition to LCIF and LCIF II, Lexington had a third operating partnership subsidiary, Net 3, Acquisition L.P., which was merged with and into Lexington on December 31, 2010. The outstanding limited partner interests in LCIF, or OP units, are generally redeemable for Lexington's common shares on a one OP unit for approximately 1.13 common shares basis, or, at Lexington's election in certain instances, cash. Lexington believes that this structure facilitates its ability to raise capital and to acquire portfolio and individual properties by enabling Lexington to structure transactions which may defer tax gains for a contributor of property.









 



CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
One Penn Plaza, Suite 4015
New York, NY 10119-4015
Tel: (212) 692-7200
Fax: (212) 594-6600




GET CONNECTED
   





Terms and conditions | HOME
Lexington Really Trust © 2016 All Rights Reserved







About Us
Investors
Portfolio
Capabilities
Contact Us
Careers













Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 25, 2017 12:53 PM ET

Company Overview of Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. was incorporated in 1986 and is based in Dallas, Texas.


1 Penn PlazaSuite 4015New York, NY 10119-4015United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 212-692-7200








Key Executives for Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.




Mr. T. Wilson Eglin


      	President of Lex GP-1 Trust and Director of Lex GP-1 Trust
      


Age: 52
        







Ms. Beth Boulerice


      	Principal Accounting Officer of Lex GP-1 Trust and Vice President of Lex GP-1 Trust
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Patrick Carroll


      	Vice President of Lex GP-1 Trust, Treasurer of Lex GP-1 Trust and Director of Lex GP-1 Trust
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Joseph S. Bonventre


      	Vice President of Lex GP-1 Trust and Secretary of Lex GP-1 Trust
      


Age: 41
        







Mr. Richard Jon Rouse


      	Vice President of Lex GP-1 Trust and Director of Lex GP-1 Trust
      


Age: 71
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. Key Developments

Lexington Realty Trust and Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.  Announces Management Changes
Feb 24 16
Effective February 19, 2016, the board of trustees of Lexington Realty Trust (the trust) elected Beth Boulerice as the principal accounting officer of the trust, and the board of directors of Lex GP-1 Trust, the general partner of Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.  (the partnership) elected Ms. Boulerice as the principal accounting officer of the partnership. Ms.  Boulerice, age 51, has served as the trust's chief accounting officer since January 2011 and one of the trust's executive vice presidents since January 2013. Prior to joining the trust in January 2007, Ms. Boulerice was employed by First Winthrop Corporation and was the chief accounting officer of Newkirk Realty Trust.  The position of principal accounting officer of the trust and the partnership, was previously held by Patrick Carroll, the chief financial officer of the trust, who will continue as the principal financial officer of both entities.


Lexington Realty Trust and Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. Enter into New $905.0 Million Credit Agreement
Sep 1 15
On September 1, 2015, Lexington Realty Trust entered into a new $905.0 million credit agreement, which the company refer to as the credit agreement, among the Trust and Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P., or LCIF, jointly and severally as borrowers, each of the financial institutions initially a signatory thereto together with their assignees pursuant to Section 12.5 therein, KeyBank National Association, or KeyBank, as agent, with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, or Wells Fargo, as syndication agent, and Regions Bank, as documentation agent. The Credit Agreement replaces the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2013, which the company refer to as the Previous Credit Agreement as the same was amended from time to time, among the Trust and LCIF, jointly and severally as borrowers, KeyBank, as agent, and each of the financial institutions initially a signatory thereto together with their assignees pursuant to Section 12.5 therein, and the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2013, which the company refer to as the Previous Term Loan Agreement as the same was amended from time to time, among the Trust and LCIF, jointly and severally as borrowers, Wells Fargo, as agent, and each of the financial institutions initially a signatory thereto together with their assignees pursuant to Section 12.5 therein. The Credit Agreement provides for a new $400.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, or the Revolver, which refinances and replaces the previously existing $400.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, a new unsecured term loan in a principal amount of $250.0 million that matures on August 30, 2020, or the 2020 Term Loan, which refinances and replaces the previously existing $250.0 million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature on February 12, 2018, and a new unsecured term loan in a principal amount of $255.0 million that matures on January 11, 2021, or the 2021 Term Loan, which refinances and replaces the previously existing $255.0 million unsecured term loan that was scheduled to mature on January 11, 2019. With lender approval, the Trust can increase the size of the Revolver, the 2020 Term Loan and the 2021 Term Loan by an amount, when taken together, shall not exceed $1.81 billion. The Revolver matures August 30, 2019, but can be extended until August 30, 2020 at the Trust's option. The Credit Agreement also provides for a $40.0 million letter of credit sub-facility, a $40.0 million swing line sub-facility and the ability to request bid rate loans.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P.











Company number B98000000288
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 133779859
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Partnership
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date 8/4/2009
        

Date Of Incorporation 5/4/1998
        

Principal Address
            C/O LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST, ONE PENN PLAZA, SUITE 4015, NEW YORK, NY, 10119
            


Mailing Address C/O LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST, ONE PENN PLAZA, SUITE 4015, NEW YORK, NY, 10119
        
LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P. Principals


                Lex Gp 1 Trust
                 


Address
                ONE PENN PLAZA, SUITE 4015, NEW YORK, NY, 10119
                 







Last Annual Reports

2009 3/12/2009
            

2009 3/12/2009
            

2008 1/17/2008
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY (c)
        

Agent Address
                1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301
                

LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P. Events

1 LP AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 3/10/2009
            


2 LP NOTICE OF        CANCELLATION
            

filedDate 8/4/2009
            

Description
LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P. has been set up 5/4/1998 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND L.P. principal adress is C/O LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST, ONE PENN PLAZA, SUITE 4015, NEW YORK, NY, 10119. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to C/O LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST, ONE PENN PLAZA, SUITE 4015, NEW YORK, NY, 10119. 
The company`s registered agent is CORPORATION SERVICE COMPANY 1201 HAYS STREET, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are  - Lex Gp 1 Trust. The last significant event in the company history is LP NOTICE OF        CANCELLATION which is dated by 8/4/2009. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/12/2009.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
LEPERCQ EQUITY CORPORATION
LEPERCQ LEASE ASSOCIATES II L.P. LTD.
LEPERCQ NET 1 INC.
LEPERCQ NET 1 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
LEPERCQ RETIREMENT CORP.
LEPERCQ TALLAHASSEE HOTEL INVESTORS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP













Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 12:53 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of December 30, 2013, Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P. was acquired by Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.


One Penn PlazaSuite 4015New York, NY 10001United States










Key Executives for Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P.


Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lepercq Corporate Income Fund II L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND LP - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND LP
                                    



 





















L 


LEPERCQ CORPORATE INCOME FUND LP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



355 LEXINGTON AVE FL 14 NEW YORK, NY 10017
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Recent Transactions



Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1986




Headquarters


1 Penn Plaza, Suite 4015, New York, NY 10119-4015




Industries


Real Estate

Real Estate Investment Trusts




Company Description


Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP is engaged in the development of real estate and investment activities. The company was founded on March 14, 1986 and is headquartered in New York, NY.






 In The News
          See more




SEC
May 5, 2016





                        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP filed form 10-Q                    





SEC
February 25, 2016





                        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP filed form 10-K                    





SEC
November 6, 2015





                        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP filed form 10-Q                    





SEC
August 5, 2015





                        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP filed form 10-Q                    





Business Wire
May 14, 2014





                        Fitch Rates Lexington Realty Trust's $250MM Sr. Notes Due 2024 'BBB'; Outlook Stable                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



T. Wilson Eglin

President






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP



                        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Lepercq Corporate Income Fund LP.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Lexington Realty Trust purchases Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund LP from InvenTrust Properties Corp.                                                                      






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. - Company Profile










































 Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.
                        

Active













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. Overview
  Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. filed as a Foreign Limited Partnership in the State of New York on Thursday, July 30, 1987 and is approximately thirty years old, as recorded in documents filed with New York Department of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.
    













Corporate Filings for Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.








New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Limited Partnership                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    





                                    State ID:
                                

                                    1190965
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Thursday, July 30, 1987
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        7/30/1987
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P.
                                    










Advertisements










Source







New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Lepercq Corporate Income Fund L.P. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NY

1987
Foreign Limited Partnership
                            





                Source
            





                        New York Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Corporate Income Fund (PRPIX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Corporate Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRPIX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.73
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.06%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.34
							
							-
							
								$9.92
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$939.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Corporate Income Fund among 
174,
174,
145
and 
85
Corporate Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide high income and some capital growth.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							3.25%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.88%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.88%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					1.84%
				
			

				
					1.84%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.32%
				
			

				
					3.32%
				
			


5 Years

				
					4.14%
				
			

				
					4.14%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.58%
				
			

				
					5.58%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.89%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.89%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1995
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.62%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.62%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now






































Business Supplies | Staples Business Advantage Home














































Fewer than 10 employees? Visit staples.com








A complete program for your workday supplies.
At Staples Business Advantage®, we’re focused on delivering exactly what your business needs, like supplies, services and account expertise to help you make the most of every order. 







Thank you for contacting us!
A Staples Business Advantage representative will be in touch shortly. We are committed to customizing the perfect program for you with a wide range of solutions for all your business needs.

Find out more.
Fill out the information below to get started.










              SC Visitor ID:            






              Unique Form Lead ID:            






              RF_ConfidenceDescription:            






              RF_ConfidenceLevel:            






              RF_SITE_CompanyName:            






              RF_SITE_Addr1:            






              RF_SITE_Addr2:            






              RF_SITE_State:            






              RF_SITE_StateCode:            






              RF_SITE_Country:            






              RF_SITE_CountryCode:            






              RF_SITE_Zip:            






              RF_SITE_Phone:            






              RF_SITE_TradeName:            






              RF_SITE_URL:            






              RF_SITE_LocationType:            






              RF_SITE_SubCode:            






              RF_SITE_SICCode:            






              RF_SITE_SICName:            






              RF_SITE_NAICCode:            






              RF_SITE_NAICSName:            






              RF_SITE_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_SITE_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_SITE_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_SITE_AnnualRev:            






              RF_SITE_Global2K:            






              RF_SITE_Fortune500:            






              RF_inferredAreaCode:            






              RF_inferredCity:            






              RF_inferredState:            






              RF_inferredCountry:            






              RF_inferredIndustry:            






              RF_inferredPublic:            






              RF_inferredRevenue:            






              RF_inferredEmployees:            






              RF_HQ_CompanyName:            






              RF_HQ_Addr1:            






              RF_HQ_Addr2:            






              RF_HQ_City:            






              RF_HQ_State:            






              RF_HQ_StateCode:            






              RF_HQ_Country:            






              RF_HQ_CountryCode:            






              RF_HQ_Zip:            






              RF_HQ_Phone:            






              RF_HQ_TradeName:            






              RF_HQ_URL:            






              RF_HQ_LocationType:            






              RF_HQ_SubCode:            






              RF_HQ_SICCode:            






              RF_HQ_NAICCode:            






              RF_HQ_NAICSName:            






              RF_HQ_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_HQ_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_HQ_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_HQ_AnnualRev:            






              RF_HQ_Global2K:            






              RF_HQ_Fortune500:            






              RF_DHQ_CompanyName:            






              RF_DHQ_Addr1:            






              RF_DHQ_Addr2:            






              RF_DHQ_City:            






              RF_DHQ_State:            






              RF_DHQ_StateCode:            






              RF_DHQ_Country:            






              RF_DHQ_CountryCode:            






              RF_DHQ_Zip:            






              RF_DHQ_Phone:            






              RF_DHQ_TradeName:            






              RF_DHQ_URL:            






              RF_DHQ_LocationType:            






              RF_DHQ_SubCode:            






              RF_DHQ_SICCode:            






              RF_DHQ_SicName:            






              RF_DHQ_NAICCode:            






              RF_DHQ_NAICSName:            






              RF_DHQ_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_DHQ_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_DHQ_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_DHQ_AnnualRev:            






              RF_DHQ_Global2K:            






              RF_DHQ_Fortune500:            






              RF_GHQ_CompanyName:            






              RF_GHQ_Addr1:            






              RF_GHQ_Addr2:            






              RF_GHQ_City:            






              RF_GHQ_State:            






              RF_GHQ_StateCode:            






              RF_GHQ_Country:            






              RF_GHQ_CountryCode:            






              RF_GHQ_Zip:            






              RF_GHQ_Phone:            






              RF_GHQ_TradeName:            






              RF_GHQ_URL:            






              RF_GHQ_LocationType:            






              RF_GHQ_SubCode:            






              RF_GHQ_SICCode:            






              RF_GHQ_SicName:            






              RF_GHQ_NAICCode:            






              RF_GHQ_NAICSName:            






              RF_GHQ_FamilyMembers:            






              RF_GHQ_EmployeesTotal:            






              RF_GHQ_EmployeesHere:            






              RF_GHQ_AnnualRev:            






              RF_GHQ_Global2K:            






              RF_GHQ_Fortune500:            






              RF_Site_EmployeesTotalTrans:            






              RF_SITE_City:            






              RF_HQ_SicName:            



















































































              Campaign Source:            




Submit
















or
Call us at 844-243-8645
Monday - Friday 8 am - 5 pm ET








Products you can count on for the office and beyond.
Not only does Staples Business Advantage offer top brands of office products, we also offer supplies for your entire workplace.
                        Cleaning • Breakroom • Technology • Print Services • Furniture






Why Staples Business Advantage





Dedicated Account Manager
At your service whenever you need assistance.





Customized Pricing
Know you're always getting the best price for the supplies you need.





Top Brands
The widest selection of names you trust.





Website Built for Business
Shop your way with lists, requests, auto restock, and our mobile app.







10+ employees? Discover the value of Staples Business Advantage.
Get Started





Copyright 2017, Staples, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   |   Policies, Terms & Conditions   |   Privacy & Security   |   About Staples Inc.
































Office Supplies | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail






Office Supplies
From writing supplies and copy paper to organization tools, ink and toner and more, we have exactly what your business needs to keep running smoothly. And as a Staples Business Advantage® customer, you'll receive your exclusive pricing at any Staples® retail store.






Fast, Free DeliveryTop BrandsCompetitive PricingOne Source



Your one source for the officeWhether you're stocking up the entire office or just looking for a few key supplies, Staples Business Advantage is your one source. We offer the top brands at great prices and with free shipping and easy invoicing so your business gets the most out of every order.




A few of our favorite products
New finds, old favorites and bestsellers – we love office supplies. Here are our recommendations for you and your staff.




Featured Products

Avery® 3" Heavy-Duty View Binder with One Touch™ EZD® Rings, Red


Ampad® EZ Flag Writing Pad,50 Sheets/Pad, 4/Pack


Sharpie® Permanent Markers, Fine Tip, Silver Metallic Ink, 12/Pack





Brands you know and trust
Looking for a specific brand? Here are a few of our top choices when it comes to office supplies.




Featured Brands




Staples® brand products
Buy with confidence.
When you buy our brand, quality is more than expected — it's guaranteed. We source durable materials, develop premium features and conduct rigorous tests to make affordable products you can count on. Because high quality doesn't have to come at a high price.





Staples® One-Touch™ Plus Desktop Flat Stack Full-Strip StaplerOne-Touch staplers require up to 60% less effort than standard staplers.




Staples® Colored ReinforcedTop Tab File Folders Bright yet durable file folders to help organize any office.




M by Staples® Arc Customizable Durable Poly Notebook System Add, remove and rearrange pages and accessories again and again.













SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Breakroom Solutions | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail







Breakroom Solutions
It's easy to make your breakroom or kitchen a place where people feel happy, energized and comfortable. Count on Staples Business Advantage® to tailor water and coffee delivery programs as well as furniture solutions especially for your office.





FAST, FREE DELIVERYTOP BRANDSEASY ORDERINGORDER CONSOLIDATION



Recipe for successIt's no secret that a stocked breakroom can keep your employees happy and motivated. And with the biggest brands, easy ordering, free delivery and more, you can skip the trip to the wholesale club.
Learn more about our breakroom assortment







We have the breakroom covered
Staples Business Advantage has everything you need to keep employees in their...happy place.
Watch the video




The Ever-Evolving Breakroom
From cafeteria-style tables to the watercooler and the ubiquitous coffeepot, the images that the word “breakroom” conjures up for workers can vary.
Learn more



Protect your office from the Flu.
From top cleaning products to helpful articles on how to fight illness, you'll find everything you need to promote health and wellness at our resource center.
Visit Wellness Center




3 Tips to Maximize Productivity in Your Office
Seeing some slack? Discover three ways that facility and office managers can boost their employees' motivation and productivity.
Read the full story







 Coffee program 
Exactly what they need to get it done.
Create a coffee program and receive a Keurig® or Newco commercial coffee brewer at no cost (with minimum spend), plus installation and ongoing service.

Receive an assessment of your breakroom usage as well as recommendations for brewers, coffee and supplies
No hidden costs, delivery fees or service charges





Water program
Two convenient options for the office.
We've partnered with DS Services of America Inc. to provide you with:

Countertop or full-height water dispensers with built-in filtration and free system checkups every six months and annual filter changes
Water coolers with 5-gallon bottles delivered (limited delivery area)






The products you need to Power your People
At Staples Business Advantage we understand that the cleaning wipes, the coffee, the snacks, the candy and the beverages are what keeps the people in your office powered for productivity and happiness.

Learn more about what People Products can do for you





Breakroom furniture program
Make the most of your breakroom with our furniture program. We provide start-to-finish support, including design services, delivery and installation.

Top furniture brands, such as HON®, Safco® and Iceberg®
Furniture, beverage carts, framed art and more


Learn more about our furniture assortment








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Furniture Solutions | Staples Business Advantage

















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY
























Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail







Office Furniture Solutions
From a replacement cabinet to a total office redesign, when you plan, pick and purchase from Staples Business Advantage, you'll get quality furniture delivered and installed on time and on budget.






Imagine. Design. Deliver.
Get to know the workspace experts at Staples Business Advantage.
Learn more




Designing for Workplace Safety Webinar
Are your employees truly ready for workplace emergencies?
Watch Webinar



Your office is your business' first impression. What is it saying?
When you need to design a room, floor or building, our team can make your vision a reality.
Watch the video




Metropolis
Susan Szenasy, editor in chief of Metropolis Magazine, discusses our recent Workplace of the Future design competition.
Read the full story



NACCU grew, but its budget didn't.
As Navy Army Community Credit Union expanded, it needed a solution that matched its look and budget.
Watch the video




How will we work in 2020?
Paul Darrah, head of corporate real estate at Bridgewater Associates, discusses the "brick and mortar" perspective of the workplace of the future.
Read the full story







Experienced professionals
We can make your vision a reality
Staples Business Advantage has an expert team consisting of Sales, Designers, Project Managers and Installers who have been in the furniture industry for years and bring their expertise to your office.




Contemporary office furniture
Find the latest furniture styles from brands like HON®, Allsteel®, National and Gunlocke to freshen and energize your workplace. Plus, thanks to our size, we can offer the most competitive pricing, even rental and leasing options.

Learn more about our furniture assortment





An eye for design
Count on Staples Business Advantage
Sometimes you need more help. Maybe you have a bigger space, a major build-out or a project that needs design and oversight. Our team provides a custom layout based on your space, and we make sure the project stays on schedule.




Something for every office
Furniture sets the mood in your office. It means comfort, function and style. And whether you need furniture for a commercial, healthcare or education space, we have the top brands for your workplace.

View our design gallery








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X















Facility Solutions | Staples Business Advantage















Header Type : TPS CODE is :The page name is : 













































 Search




























BY CATEGORY







BY INDUSTRY





















Program Benefits


What We Offer


Green Focus


Resource Center







What We Offer


Expert Services


Facility Solutions


Breakroom


Technology


Technology Solutions


Data Center Management




Managed Print


Managed Print Services


Managed Print Services Process




Furniture


Furniture Solutions


Design & Installation Services


Furniture Design Gallery




Print


Print and Marketing Services


Total Print Solutions


Print Design Gallery




Branded Solutions




Products


Office Supplies


Janitorial Supplies


Safety Supplies


Breakroom


Technology Products


Office Furniture


Promotional Products


Print Products




Industries Served


Higher Education


K-12 Education


Healthcare


Government Agencies


Banking & Finance


Retail






Facility Solutions
When the whole building is counting on you to keep everything running smoothly, you can count on Staples® Facility Solutions. Our facility experts are here so you can expect the unexpected and make it through the day.






Product ExpertiseTop BrandsNationwide NetworkSustainable Solutions



Built for your businessNo two facilities are exactly alike. That's why we design a program that's right for your specific workplace. Our specialists work with you to create a solution that's good for your business and your bottom line.





Every year budgets get smaller, but the building never does.
Facility Manager Frank DeFonte manages over 1 million sq. ft. every day. Learn how he makes it all possible.
Watch the video




Prep for the Flu Season.
Don't let flu symptoms slow your employees down. Get the information and the supplies you need to help keep everyone healthy.
Visit Wellness Center



Reduce labor costs by optimizing cleaning operations.
Download our free whitepaper and gain a new perspective on where time, effort and money may be being wasted.
Download Now




Ready to start saving? Get your free Facility Assessment.
Tell us a little about your facility and receive a full assessment with tips on consolidation and efficiency.
Get started



Order on the go with the Staples Business Advantage® mobile app.
Approve orders, create shopping lists, even restock your supplies with the Scan-to-Order barcode reader.
Learn more




Expert advise to your inbox - Shoptalk
Our bi-monthly newsletter brings valuable insights and information for your business.
Sign up for Shoptalk







Experts in the field
Working with you every step of the way.
Our facilities specialists are located all around the country so you have a resource in your area. And with an average of 15 years of on-the-job experience, they're exactly who you want by your side when something goes wrong.




The selection you expect
We've partnered with industry leading suppliers to bring you the most cost-effective assortment. From GOJO® to Georgia-Pacific, Diversey to Nobles, Rubbermaid® and more, you can count on quality.

Learn more about our janitorial supplies





Safety supplies for the workplace
There's nothing more important than your employee's safety. That's why we carry what you need to keep them safe on the jobsite. Discover all the ways Staples Facility Solutions can help.

Learn more about our safety assortment


Workplace Safety Infographic








SearchEngine





X





First NameLast Name

Your NumberExt

Invalid name or phone number!








X
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















FinanceWeb You searched for best fixed income investments - FinanceWeb





























 




 




Ads 


Top stories


 OJ Simpson’s Retirement Is Set


 Dragonfly Drones Take Flight


 A Guide To Mid-Year Portfolio Check/Balancing





Search results for best fixed income investments

Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
                                ...higher interest than a CD. It’s easy to find an annuity rates calculator online. They can help interested investors find possible income levels for retirement planning.   Why Fixed Annuities Are Popular with Investors   The interest rates paid for fixed annuities are guaranteed, as...                            

A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
FinanceWeb > Markets > A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
                                ...Fixed rate annuities are an excellent tool for building a reliable source of long-term income. With fixed rate annuities, one knows in advance the exact amounts of interest income that the investment contract will pay along with a set schedule. One can structure fixed...                            

Fixed Income Investments Explained
FinanceWeb > Markets > Fixed Income Investments Explained
                                ...tax advantages. Tips for Choosing the Best Fixed Income Investments There’s no right or wrong answer for the question “what are the best fixed income investments?”. A person’s individual financial status will determine which investments are right for him or her. For a person who...                            

Five Safer Investment Options
FinanceWeb > Markets > Five Safer Investment Options
                                ...options can help you make your money grow without having to take too much of a risk. 1. Fixed Annuities Fixed annuities are a great option for many reasons. You can generally start out with a relatively low investment amount; in fact, you can often...                            
Popular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsBest Bond FundsBond FundsPopular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsBest Bond FundsPopular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income Funds

How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
                                ...their income. Retirement planning, however, is all about balancing your current financial obligations with saving for the future. If you plan to retire early, you may need an aggressive mix of investments to bring in enough income to meet that goal. If your retirement plans...                            

Best Rated Annuity Rate Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Best Rated Annuity Rate Calculators
                                ...ones we judged best for very different people. Some work for younger people and others for those close to retirement. Check each out to find your favorite. For All Workers The Vanguard retirement income calculator works for those workers from age 20 up to 80....                            

Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
FinanceWeb > Markets > Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
                                ...everyone, they do have certain strong benefits. Below are three reasons why an annuity might be right for you. 1. You Want Guaranteed Income When most people refer to annuities, what they really mean is a fixed annuity. Unlike other kinds of investments, fixed annuities...                            

Retirement Annuities
FinanceWeb > Markets > Retirement Annuities
                                ...Variable Payments One can choose whether to receive a fixed income set out in the agreement and paid over time or variable income that will rise and fall with the value of the investments selected for the annuity. The fixed annuity is straightforward, and the...                            

Take a look at your current contribution rate. Saving just 1% more can make a bigger difference than you thought.
FinanceWeb > Markets > Take a look at your current contribution rate. Saving just 1% more can make a bigger difference than you thought.
                                ...best benefits. There are many ways to increase assets particularly if not close to retiring; they include insurance and investments in real estate, stocks, mutual funds, bonds and other securities. The overall message is that small steps can add up to greater financial security....                            

Most Popular Types of Mortgages
FinanceWeb > Personal Finance > Most Popular Types of Mortgages
                                ...Record-low interest rates and diverse lending options make finding the right home loan easier than ever. To get the best deal on the ideal home, learn how these popular mortgage types can impact your bottom line. Fixed-Rate Mortgage Fixed-rate mortgages continue to be the...                            


Ads 





Popular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income Funds











Newsletter
Subscribe for free e-mail financial updates:









Email: 

 Submit


Your email address will not be sold or rented to third parties.






Close
Join Us!
Unlimited Access to our Latest Business, Financial & Investment News & Advice. Receive Members-Only Special Offers & More!









Email: 

 Submit











