





Mark’s Pet Pages | MARK-CM














































































































































































Mark’s Pet Pages 
In Memory of Pepsi – May 2011
 
Give to Pepsi, Griffen, and Sprite’s Legacy Gift
Pepsi passed away at 3:30 pm eastern time Sunday
A wonderful message from Canada Free Press’s Judi McLeod
Pepsi passed away at 3:30 pm Eastern time May 22nd. He was the most precious and joyful dog a family could have. He now joins Sprite and Griffen. The world is a less joyful place today. He was with us nearly 13 years. They were the best years. Until about 3 weeks ago, he had the energy of a puppy.
Pepsi welcomed Sprite and later Griffen into the family. If you read Rescuing Sprite, you know all about him. His tail was always wagging and he always had a smile on his face. He loved everyone and was so darn smart. Pepsi never left my side. Now he’s gone. Thank you all. As I build the strength to pick up all his toys and his bowls, I wonder if these tears will ever go away.
Pictures of Pepsi

 
In Memory Of Griffen – December 2010
 
 
Read the last chapter of Rescuing Sprite here (PDF)
In Memory of Griffen from the Canada Free Press
Riehl World View: In Memory of Mark Levin’s Dear Griffen
WCBM’s Les Kinsolving’s beautiful tribute to Brendan, Griffen, and all dogs and dog owners
// 
Features Player
// 
Pictures of Griffen
 

 
In Memory of Sprite – December 2006
 
More about Mark’s book, Rescuing Sprite
Pictures of Sprite
 
Please donate to Pepsi, Griffen and Sprite’s Legacy Gift. Please consider making a tax deductible donation.























Free Apps

  














Headlines

Trump hits campaign trail amid White House turmoilFirst on CNN: Joint US-Somali raid nabs suspected US resident


House overwhelmingly passes Russia sanctions billMcCain’s sermon on how politics should be


Endangered Republicans stick with Trump on key health care voteJohn McCain returns to Senate, casts vote to advance health care bill


Rod Rosenstein lauds Trump inauguration speech amid President’s DOJ criticismWho is David Bernhardt, the new deputy Interior secretary?


Senate won’t let Trump make recess appointmentsUS Navy ship fired warning shots at an Iranian boat in the Persian Gulf


Manafort subpoenaed by judiciary panel, expected to meet with Senate intel in next 2 daysURGENT – Manafort expected to meet with Senate intelligence committee in next 48 hours


URGENT – US Navy ship fired warning shots at an Iranian boat in the Persian GulfThe 29 most cringe-worthy lines from Donald Trump’s hyper-political speech to the Boy Scouts


Donald Trump’s public bullying of Jeff Sessions is embarrassing













































































Mark S LeVine's personal website
























































									Systems Software Integration EngineerING							






DDG 91 PTC Development Team Award for Excellence Aegis Weapon System, B7P1 by Lockheed Martin (MS2)



Networked with other professionals via LinkedIn (HotLink in contact section).



Bachelors of Science degree in BioMed Engineering.



Instructor of revised FPGA firmware boot loader for General Atomics AAG Power Conditioning System.



Endorsed by co-workers and clients via LinkedIn recommendations.



More than 25 years of volunteer Emergency Medical Service to the community.















Summary









Fully compliant system functionality is my focus.




Welcome to my website.I am a results-oriented Senior Systems Professional/Systems Software Engineer Expert providing extensive experience and rich success in systems integration and testing, networking services, systems and data analysis, requirements analysis, technical troubleshooting, technical document development, and productivity improvement strategies.Tenacious expert with a track record of success in complex projects benefiting governmental agencies such as Department of Homeland Security, FAA, TSA, and the US Navy, Army, and Air Force. Held significant technical roles with global brands such as General Atomics, Lockheed Martin and L3 Communications. Expertise and Selected Accomplishments Include: Software and Hardware Integration and Testing  Test Design and Development  Configuration Management Project Management  Quality Assurance  Process Improvement Ideas  Advanced Diagnostic Troubleshooting ➢ Selected as a Project Systems Engineer for the US Army in Ft. Monmouth, New Jersey. Project entailed C4ISR integrated systems engineering and technology development of a Joint Cooperative Target Identification Ground System. Delivered exemplary systems engineering management services to Raytheon and the US Army. ➢ Leveraged expertise to support Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) development through installation and testing of Linux RTOS as well as all system software upgrade initiatives. ➢ Collaborated with Boeing engineers to develop system requirements for Aerial Refueling Operator Control Display Unit for the US Air Force 767 Global Tanker Transport Aircraft.  My wife, Laura and I currently live in Southern New Jersey, and have three grown children.  Thank you for reviewing my website. I have posted full details regarding my engineering experience in my resume, which is available to review in the file section of this website).   I look forward to discussing how I would  add value to your organization.









Career Timeline









January 2015 - October 2015
Principle Systems Engineer/Scientist , Lockheed Martin; MS&T Group
Provided performance and stability analysis for Aegis Display Systems, CSL BL9, as well as Development Test and Evaluation DT&E) of the Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMD), Baseline 4.1, Builds 3-4








July 2013 - March 2014
Software & Electronic QA Engineer, Airborne Systems Group
Provided expertise to ensure company exceeds all customer requirements and expectations for electronic and software intensive products. Co-managed configuration database for all hardware/software versions. Served as POC for software/electronics configurations supporting product baseline summaries, and new product release processes. Drove root cause and issue resolution for electronic or software intense products. • Wrote and executed test protocols for existing, as well as new applications. • Supported development and qualification testing of new equipment, including on location at Arizona test sites, resulting in continuous product improvements. • Increased productivity by defining and implementing configuration management processes for both software and electronics, which simplified development lifecycle process. • Extracted and disseminated AGU Flight data via R&D engineering network for evaluation by software development team.  • Collaborated closely with diverse team of parachute, software and electronics design engineers on fast paced, dynamic programs, resulting in rapid flight test configuration. • Improved business processes by utilizing SharePoint 2013 Workflows.








December 2012 - April 2013
Sr Avionics Systems Engineer, Innovative Solution and Support
Developed Air Force Pilatus PC-12/U28 Primary Flight Display (PFD) system upgrades with 1080i ISR video. Responsible for requirements definition, design, analysis, documentation and verification testing of IS&S ISR Flight Management and HD Video system for US Air Force Pilatus PC-12 aircraft. Coordinated development activities as technical lead from concept phase through production overseeing mechanical, electrical, and software project aspects. • Lead technical approach to system development and verification derived via expertise and team inputs. • Communicated design and project decisions to FMS team members. • Reviewed and authorized applicable project documents and attended technical project reviews and audits.








February 2011 - April 2012
AAG Site Software and Controls Test Site Engineer, General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems
Oversaw systems software controls maintenance, as well as hardware interface functionality for US Navy’s Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) development program at Lakehurst Warfare Center, Lakehurst New Jersey. • Installed and tested Linux RTOS, and all system software upgrades.  • Wrote Installation and Test Procedures for AAG software, and hardware components. • Trained Power Conditioning System (PCS) Engineering staff on installation of new FPGA firmware boot loader. • Operational responsibilities for System Health Monitoring Assessment and Prognostics (HealthMAP), TestDAQ Test Data Acquisition, and SQL Database management during Jet Car Test Site (JCTS) dead load dynamic test events. • HealthMAP system maintenance for LabVIEW tools, and PLC (National Instrument cRIO) controllers, and all system sensors.








February 2009 - August 2010
Systems Engineer; Level III Associate, Booz Allen Hamilton
Associate, Level III, Systems Engineer Project Systems Test Engineer for Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Engineering. Technical support in assessment, evaluation, and testing of current and emerging aviation checkpoint technologies, systems, and capabilities. Provided systems engineering management, and coordination between DHS, and Transportation Security Agency (TSA) for Shoe Scanner Explosive Detection Device Broad Agency Announcement (BAA). • Supported development of Digital Imaging and Communications for Security (DICOS) standard for security-screening domain, and incorporation of new DICOS modules into standard to support data representation and data transmission Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) modalities.  BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON, Eatontown, NJ 2009 – 2010  Associate, Level III, Systems Engineer Project Systems Engineer for US Army, Ft. Monmouth, C4ISR Integrated system engineering, and technology development of the JCTI-G (Joint Cooperative Target Identification-Ground) System. Provided systems engineering management and coordination between Raytheon and US Army PEO-IEW&S; PD-TIMS (Program Executive Office- Intelligence Electronic Warfare & Sensors, Program Directorate-Target Identification Meteorological Sensors) during JCTI-G development study. Raytheon Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) Lead. • Awarded for outstanding performance for supporting Combat Identification Demonstration at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Aberdeen, MD. • Developed SharePoint InfoPath 2007 program management forms with event-driven business workflows implemented via Booz Allen PME SharePoint Environment.  • Kept costs below a 3-year ceiling by restructuring DoD Mentor-Protégé small disadvantaged business program from reimbursable to credit agreement. • Increased productivity by implementing Access 2007 Database for tracking Engineering Change Proposals for large Army Command, Control, Commu








March 2008 - August 2008
Aviation Systems Engineer, Innovative Solution and Support
Oversaw multiple Integrated Primary Flight and Navigation Display Systems, and functional compliance of analog and digital instrumentation to military, commercial and business sectors within aviation marketplace. Coordinated systems/software development process, which includes the recording, structuring, managing, and requirements analysis/traceability via DOORS.  • Systems Test Integration, compliance with DO-178B, DO-160E, and other lifecycle documents for company's Flat Panel Display, Engine, Fuel, and Air Data Instrument products for major aerospace companies (i.e. Boeing, Cessna, Eclipse, and Marshall Aerospace).  • Implemented DOORS to lead AROCDU (Aerial Refueling Operator Control Display Unit) system requirements documentation effort for 767 Global Tanker Transport Aircraft in coordination with Boeing.  • Co-authored Acceptance Test Plans for Marshall C-130, and L-1011 Integrated Primary Flight and Navigation Display Systems upgrades, as well as Boeing Global Transport Tanker Aircraft (GTTA) Display System.








July 2007 - November 2007
Senior Systems Engineer, L-3 Communications - Ilex Systems (Now C2S2)
Served as senior team member for Airport Surveillance Radar (ASR-9) at the FAA William J. Hughes Technical Center, Atlantic City, NJ. Team contributor to ASR-9 Systems Test and Evaluation planning strategy. Oversaw activities for ASR-9 process improvements. • Streamlined collaborative processes by leading ongoing development of Microsoft WSS portal to provide workflow templates, broken out by department. • Coordinated resolution of branch issues as ASR-9 (AJW-146) representative during bimonthly Radar PCB Meetings.








February 2002 - December 2006
Senior Systems Engineer, L-3 Communication Systems - East
Oversaw multiple projects, including RTOS software and integration testing for the Marcom system. Collaborated across various system and software departments on integration projects. Prepared and presented system test methodology during Program and Critical Design Reviews. • Provided secure remote access and secure network interoperable solutions as Test Director for Petra (renamed Talon) Program (PCMCIA USB Interface Card),  • Co-authored Petra Cryptographic Verification Test Plan. • Reduced functional test time by 35% and achieving a 20% cost reduction by introducing automated system testing of secure communications systems.








September 2000 - July 2002
Senior Systems Engineer/Scientist, Lockheed Martin (MS2)
Senior Systems Engineer/Scientist (subcontracted through Atlantic Science & Technology) Provided performance analysis for Aegis Display System (ADS). Conducted and documented functional system testing, serving as Aegis Display System (ADS) Test Team lead.  • Received Team Award For Excellence; DDG-91 PTC Development. • Evaluated and implemented HP and Solaris UNIX system performance tools.  • Supported Multiple Element Integration Testing (MEIT) for ADS during ATP testing in preparation for production of DDG-91 Aegis Weapon System. • Supported Aegis Display & AN/SPY-1D Radar integration testing as ADS Test Lead. • Tested and evaluated System Configuration Function (SCF) and Event Reconstruction Function (ERF). • Coordinated and supported Aegis Baseline 7.1 recovery and reconfiguration testing.








May 1999 - August 2000
Systems Quality Assurance  Engineer, System Link Corporation
Served as the Lead Systems Engineer for Bell South projects, including the Orion CPI Telecom Fraud Detection system. • Developed end-to-end system test for the landline system. • Developed Access database to track changes involving engineering and QA groups.








June 1998 - February 1999
Senior Systems Engineer - FAA NAS Terminal Testing, Enroute Computer Solutions - ECS
Performed site integration, testing and configuration at key FAA sites that included El Paso and Syracuse. • Engaged in multiple projects involving the Standard Terminal Automation Radar Systems (STARS), including RTOS testing, and integration of emergency, full service, and En Route Radar Tracking System (EARTS) levels at both FAA William J. Hughes Technical Center, Atlantic City, NJ, as well as Eglin AFB, Fort Walton Beach, FL.








March 1997 - June 1998
Lead Systems Engineer - Intelligent Transportation, MFS Transportation Systems (Original EZ-Pass developer)
Team Lead for TRVS subsystem. • Developed detailed systems configuration design that was fully compliant with RFP. • Developed and met all scheduled deliverables, including development and execution of all operational test cases.








April 1992 - February 1997
Principle Systems Engineer - FAA, AAS, Automation , RMS Information Systems
Advanced Automation System & Test * Operational test and evaluation (OT&E) technical lead. * Performed OT&E (operational system testing) and FAT (factory acceptance testing) for FAA Voice Switching Control System air traffic system. * Conducted VSCS system evaluations and user testing, including simulation testing, at customer facilities.








March 1987 - November 1991
Senior Systems Engineer, CSC
Specified and developed a VME (Versa Module Eurocard) sonar buoy intelligence data capabilities for the US Navy. Evaluated and supported testing of the Automated Computer Aided Logistics system (ACAL).








January 1973 - January 1982
BS, Biomed Engineering, University of Bridgeport


























				
		Twitter
					








Mark LeVine
@mslevine1

Follow


			I've saved 1 hour and expanded 317 snippets using @TextExpander. How about you? smle.us/get_te 

25 Feb 17

Reply
Retweet
Favorite










Mark LeVine
@mslevine1

Follow


			Check out Mark S LeVine's website, powered by Workfolio: mslevine.workfolio.com 

28 Apr 16

Reply
Retweet
Favorite


















Proudest Accomplishment
Engineering Excellence in both Systems and Software environments 




Experience Highlights


Principle Systems
Engineer/Scientist
Lockheed Martin; MS&T Group


Software & Electronic QA Engineer
Airborne Systems Group


Sr Avionics Systems Engineer
Innovative Solution and Support


AAG Site Software and Controls Test Engineer
General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems


Systems Engineer; Level III Associate
Booz Allen Hamilton


Highlight Title
Highlight Description






Education Highlights


BS, Biomed Engineering
University of Bridgeport















Causes


Emergency Medical Technician 
Evesham Township EMS, Evesham NJ















Interests


Health / Wellness / Nutrition


Remote Control Aircraft


Road Cycling


Running












Results
 
1
Increased Software and Electronics CM productivity


2
troubleshooting general atomics AAG Subsystems


3
Lockheed Martin DDG-91 Team Award for Excellence















Skills




Software Integration & Test
20+




Hardware Integration & Test
20+




Test Design & Development
20+




System Requirements
20+




Data Analysis
20+




Test Program Management
20+




Teamwork & Communications
20+




Unix / Linux
20+




MySQL / SQL Database
15




Embedded Systems & Controllers
15




MCSA 2012 Certification
1




CCNA certification
1

















Images



USS Pinckney (DDG-91) Arleigh Burke-class Destroyer 



US Navy Aegis Weapon System



US Navy Advanced Arresting Gear



Firefly Aerial Delivery System






Files


Recommendation_IS&amp;amp;S.pdf
pdf, 249.91 KB


GA Letter of Rec.pdf
pdf, 28.55 KB


LEVINE-MARK-RESUME.doc
msword, 69.50 KB
















			Find Me On 















Location
Greater Philadelphia Area




Currently Seeking			


Consulting Opportunities, 


Employment, 


New Business









 





Send

  



Share on



































 



Mark S. Levine « Ford, Walker, Haggerty, & Behar, LLP


 















































 








 








Firm Profile

Attorneys
Territory Map


Practice Areas
Noteworthy Cases
News
Recent Verdicts
Contact us

Careers


 

 



e-mail:mlevine@fwhb.comDirect Line: (562) 983-2572Direct Fax: (562) 590-3527Mark S. Levine

Associate

Mark S. Levine is an associate at the firm’s Long Beach office.
Areas of Practice
Casualty Defense
Appellate
Professional Liability Defense
Business Litigation
Product Liability Defense
Premises Liability
Environmental Torts
Catastrophic Injury Cases
Bar Admissions
California, 1982; Ohio (inactive)
Education
Graduate of Loyola Law School, 1982
Undergraduate of Loyola Marymount University, political science

 















































Advertise on Mark Levin – What does it cost to advertise on Mark Levin? Call 888-449-2526






























Skip to content



Advertise on Mark Levin
What does it cost to advertise on Mark Levin? Call 888-449-2526

Menu










Advertise on Mark Levin 


How much does an ad cost on Mark Levin? Advertise on the Mark Levin radio show – Best Rates and Talent Endorsements!
Get rates and costs here – Host endorsement available for approved offers! Advertise on Mark Levin – Westwood One and Cumulus, Controversial Radio is the way to get people talking about your product! Lowest cost, best rates here
Get Mark Levin on your side today…Call 888-449-2526 to find out how!
Phone number for advertising sales 888-449-2526.
What does it cost to advertise on Mark Levin? Call now to Advertise on Westwood One and Cumulus with Talk Radio super star Mark Levin. Rates for national ads start at around $1000.00 for a 60: Local rates often under $50.00. Remnant deals available on occasion. “He’s smart, witty, and fast on the draw,” He is one of America’s preeminent conservative commentators and constitutional lawyers. Mark Levin is also in great demand as a political and legal commentator, and has appeared on hundreds of television and radio programs. Get your advertising message in front of his audience. We have great rates and some of the best prices based on CPM of all the old ABC shows. For special advertising rates and personalized service, contact us now at 888-449-2526. Ho Hum Productions is the best ad agency in America. Low cost advertising prices and rates on Talk Radio. Advertising Rates & Media Kits for Syndicated and Local radio shows, Sirius XM and Pandora Also! Rate card and contacts as well. Call today at 888-449-2526.

How to advertise and get then best rates on radio advertising, TV advertising, Remnant, display,banner, digital and online too. Great advertising deals on Sirius XM, CNN, Fox News Channel, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn beck, George Noory, Howard Stern, Michael Savage, Mark Levin, Salem radio and ESPN sports TV and radio also. Advertising consulting, DR, radio advertising, TV advertising, Internet, Bill Sullivan, JL Media, ROI Advertising, Mobile Marketing, Native advertising, Banner display, preroll, video, social media, iHeart media, Pandora, Talk Radio, endorsed campaigns, sports radio and TV, ESPN, Fox Sports, Direct Response, PPC, CPA, PI and performance based deals. Branded email campaigns and more. Call 888-449-2526 today for free quotes, stats, rates, ratings and placement. More Info
Phone number for advertising sales 888-449-2526
Get your message advertised now on Mark Levin’s radio show – , Media Kits and Rate cards Rates for national exposure on hundreds of radio stations start at under $1000.00 per ad, per spot.
Contact us for a FREE quote or call 888- 449-2526 TODAY!





More About Mark Levin and his career Mark Levin is a lawyer, author and host of syndicated radio show The Mark Levin Show. Mark Levin worked in the administration of President Ronald Reagan and was a chief of staff for Attorney General Edwin Meese. He is president of the Landmark Legal Foundation, has authored numerous books, and contributes commentary to various media outlets such as National Review Online.

Levin began his broadcasting career as a guest on conservative talk radio programs. For many years, he was a frequent contributor of legal opinions to The Rush Limbaugh Show, where Limbaugh referred to him on-air as "F. Lee Levin", a tongue-in-cheek reference to the defense attorney F. Lee Bailey. He was also a contributor to The Sean Hannity Show and eventually got a radio slot of his own on WABC radio, initially on Sundays beginning in 2002, then in the time slot following Sean Hannity in 2003. Cumulus Media Networks began syndicating The Mark Levin Show nationally in 2006.

Levin is known for his frequent use of the pejorative "moron" and "puke" for people he opposes. Hannity has nicknamed Mark Levin "The Great One". Levin and Hannity remain frequent contributors to each other's programs. He is a leading conservative commentator, ranked 4–6 position nationally among talk radio programs, with a minimum of 7.75 million total weekly listenership according to Talkers Magazine. 


 



Advertise now 888-449-2526 

About Us This site is an extension of Ho Hum Media Inc. Where you can buy remnant radio, TV, newspaper, magazine and other stand by advertising space cheap! 25 years in business and going strong. Call 888-449-2526 for local, national, regional or international advertising rates, costs, prices and media kits as well.
 











    Mark Levine | Dell Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Mark Levine | Moody's Investors Service | ZoomInfo.com


























Mark J. Levine | Quinn IP Law




























 





Skip to content








 Home  Our People





Mark J. Levine 






Mark J. Levine 



After trying his hand as a systems engineer for a major electronic brake systems manufacturer, Mark realized that his deeper passion was practicing law. Since making intellectual property law his career, Mark enjoys working directly with founders and designers to learn about their newest research and development endeavors, new product lines, and business goals. In one of his most memorable cases, he succeeded in protecting a client’s multi-billion dollar company against a competitor’s infringement upon a patented—and highly-profitable—product. To Mark, this case was the essence of intellectual property law, as it demonstrated the importance a comprehensive and robust portfolio with steadfast enforcement plays in securing a company’s investments and market presence.
Mark’s engineering background and interest in technology, combined with a wealth of legal expertise, make him a vital resource and advocate for his Quinn IP Law clients. His quick wit and bold approach is evident in the office, and leads both he and his clients to success.
(248) 380 – 9300, ext: 126  |  MLevine@quinniplaw.com
Download Mark’s biography


								Download vCard
							














Practice Areas


			        	Patent Prosecution			        	
			        	
			        		
Mechanical and Manufacturing
Electrical and Software



			        	Patent Enforcement			        	
			        	
			        		
Litigation Collaboration and Support
Patent Office Proceedings



			        	Patent Portfolio Management			        	
			        				        
			        

			        	Technical Design and Consulting			        	
			        	
			        		
Opinions and Strategic Consulting
Product Design, Development and Analysis



			        	Trademark Selection and Registration			        	
			        				        
			        

			        	Copyrights			        	
			        	
			        		
Selection and Prosecution



			        	IP Due Diligence			        	
			        				        
			        




Education & Awards

J.D., Michigan State University, Intellectual Property and Communications Law			        				        		
summa cum laude


B.S., University of Michigan, Mechanical Engineering			        				        






Admissions & Memberships


						 			
						    			Michigan						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			Illinois						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			U.S. Patent and Trademark Office						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			U.S. District Court - N.D. Illinois						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			...						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			American Intellectual Property Law Association						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			American Bar Association						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			State Bar of Michigan						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			Illinois State Bar Association						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			Michigan Intellectual Property Law Association						    		 
						    								        
						        

						 			
						    			International Trademark Association						    		 
						    								        
						        




Community ServiceMark is active in Quinn-sponsored community events and engages in select pro-bono assignments for local organizations.







Previous 

Next 
 











































Amazon.com: Customer reviews: The Jazz Piano Book




 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 




















































































The Jazz Piano Book

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews4.6 out of 5 stars1444.6 out of 5 stars5 star76%4 star14%3 star6%2 star2%1 star2%The Jazz Piano BookbyMark LevineFormat: Spiral-bound|ChangePrice:$30.41+ Free shipping with Amazon PrimeWrite a reviewAdd to CartAdd to Wish List
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.


Top positive reviewSee all 130 positive reviews› 
          8 people found this helpful
5.0 out of 5 starsApproaching Jazz via Known Pop Music Theory Using, In Part, Mark Levine's Book as an AidByCool Hands Lukeon July 30, 2016I started from page 1 and worried about the ambiguity of the chord notation.  Being a pop-, rock-, folk-,classical-type player, I feared not being able to navigate the book because of this.  What is G7 to a jazz person?  It is not explained, it seems.  Does it use the B natural or the B flat? Can one of the four notes, even the root, be eliminated and it is still called a G7 in jazz? Why does Levine say 'voicings' are the same as 'chords' in jazz?  To me, they are entirely different concepts.But I did not get discouraged.I went on to play the different two-chord combinations created from various of the masters of jazz and taken from their songs wherein halfsteps down and halfsteps up were being illustrated.I went into ecstasy!  My Baldwin Acrosonic became a supersized jazz vehicle immediately.For each combination, I wrote down the "basic" chords that they were related to as I knew it.  For example, the first such two halfstep-melodied chords, in my 'pop-rock-folk-classical' way of thinking, were simply 'jacked up' (or 'jazzed-up') versions of G7 (by which I mean a chord with G, B, D and F in it in any position)  moving to C major.  Or perhaps D diminished moving to C major.  In the end, the chord combination, by Bob Haggart from his "What's New?", is first an F diminished with the note "E" added, followed by a C6-9, without the root note C (!) both carefully 'voiced' (in my words) using two hands.I guess the bass player plays the note "C" here, right?So far , this approach has worked for me.  I am NOT playing the exercises rote!  I am understanding the 'simpler' versions of chords from which they are 'derived', the chord of my 'old' world of music. I write this down.  Then I write down what the given sheet music is chords (without burdening myself by also writing the voicings down, since they are already in the 'sheet' music given by Levine). Then I notice how perturbing and voicing the 'simpler' chords yields the 'jazzed-up' chords!THIS WAY IT ALL MAKES SENSE!!  I am thrilled to tie my 'new' world of jazz, at least so far, to my 'old' world, of shall we say, more 'standard' music.I have a teacher, but he's like us all.........eccentric.  In this case, hard to nail down for lessons. I'm listening to jazz.  I'll see how far I can go.  But I won't drop my pop, country, Beatles, rock, ballads, boobie-woogie and other styles at all.  I'll try to simply (hah...not simple!) ADD jazz to my list.So far, then, I am grateful for this stairway to jazz, and I thank Mark.  The lingo seems loose and variable.  After all, the jazz pros probably grunt anything they can to one another about where, in general to go next, and somehow those grunts are seen as formal terms?  Or they may write down fake sheets in any notation that makes sense to the four or five guys with them.  Not sure about that.  But this journey is heaven!  Thank you again Mark!Jazz is cool, hot, and beautiful!

Read more
Top critical reviewSee all 14 critical reviews› 
          One person found this helpful
3.0 out of 5 starsGreat Resource; Not Really a Method; Not for Beginners.Bybookem dannoon July 11, 2017I'm giving this three stars because, depending on what you're expecting it deserves either 5 or 0.If you are a relatively accomplished pianist with an understanding of theory, command of scales etc. this is an excellent compendium of jazz knowledge.  Even so, it's more of a guide book than an actual method.  For example, it might ht take months to digest and apply what's in the first chapter.If you're a relative beginner and want a book to get you started playing jazz piano, I would not advise.  This book assumes you have a lot of knowledge already.This is not a method book by traditional definitions.  As a piano teacher, I define a method as having short, easily digestible modules delivering information and giving you songs to practice those skills.  This book delivers the information densely, then turns you loose to practice, more or less on your own.  As an analogy, imagine a book on woodworking explaining how to make various joints, then instructing: "Okay, go build a bookcase, two desks and three china cabinets."All that said, if you do want to get serious about jazz piano, this book is indispensable.

Read more





Sort by:
    TopMost recentTopFilter by:
    All reviewersVerified purchase onlyVerified purchase onlyAll stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyAll positiveAll criticalAll starsAll formatsFormat: Spiral-boundAll formatsSearchThere was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.Showing 1-10 of 107 reviews(Verified Purchases).
    See all 144 reviews3.0 out of 5 starsGreat Resource; Not Really a Method; Not for Beginners.Bybookem dannoon July 11, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseI'm giving this three stars because, depending on what you're expecting it deserves either 5 or 0.If you are a relatively accomplished pianist with an understanding of theory, command of scales etc. this is an excellent compendium of jazz knowledge.  Even so, it's more of a guide book than an actual method.  For example, it might ht take months to digest and apply what's in the first chapter.If you're a relative beginner and want a book to get you started playing jazz piano, I would not advise.  This book assumes you have a lot of knowledge already.This is not a method book by traditional definitions.  As a piano teacher, I define a method as having short, easily digestible modules delivering information and giving you songs to practice those skills.  This book delivers the information densely, then turns you loose to practice, more or less on your own.  As an analogy, imagine a book on woodworking explaining how to make various joints, then instructing: "Okay, go build a bookcase, two desks and three china cabinets."All that said, if you do want to get serious about jazz piano, this book is indispensable.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsApproaching Jazz via Known Pop Music Theory Using, In Part, Mark Levine's Book as an AidByCool Hands Lukeon July 30, 2016Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseI started from page 1 and worried about the ambiguity of the chord notation.  Being a pop-, rock-, folk-,classical-type player, I feared not being able to navigate the book because of this.  What is G7 to a jazz person?  It is not explained, it seems.  Does it use the B natural or the B flat? Can one of the four notes, even the root, be eliminated and it is still called a G7 in jazz? Why does Levine say 'voicings' are the same as 'chords' in jazz?  To me, they are entirely different concepts.But I did not get discouraged.I went on to play the different two-chord combinations created from various of the masters of jazz and taken from their songs wherein halfsteps down and halfsteps up were being illustrated.I went into ecstasy!  My Baldwin Acrosonic became a supersized jazz vehicle immediately.For each combination, I wrote down the "basic" chords that they were related to as I knew it.  For example, the first such two halfstep-melodied chords, in my 'pop-rock-folk-classical' way of thinking, were simply 'jacked up' (or 'jazzed-up') versions of G7 (by which I mean a chord with G, B, D and F in it in any position)  moving to C major.  Or perhaps D diminished moving to C major.  In the end, the chord combination, by Bob Haggart from his "What's New?", is first an F diminished with the note "E" added, followed by a C6-9, without the root note C (!) both carefully 'voiced' (in my words) using two hands.I guess the bass player plays the note "C" here, right?So far , this approach has worked for me.  I am NOT playing the exercises rote!  I am understanding the 'simpler' versions of chords from which they are 'derived', the chord of my 'old' world of music. I write this down.  Then I write down what the given sheet music is chords (without burdening myself by also writing the voicings down, since they are already in the 'sheet' music given by Levine). Then I notice how perturbing and voicing the 'simpler' chords yields the 'jazzed-up' chords!THIS WAY IT ALL MAKES SENSE!!  I am thrilled to tie my 'new' world of jazz, at least so far, to my 'old' world, of shall we say, more 'standard' music.I have a teacher, but he's like us all.........eccentric.  In this case, hard to nail down for lessons. I'm listening to jazz.  I'll see how far I can go.  But I won't drop my pop, country, Beatles, rock, ballads, boobie-woogie and other styles at all.  I'll try to simply (hah...not simple!) ADD jazz to my list.So far, then, I am grateful for this stairway to jazz, and I thank Mark.  The lingo seems loose and variable.  After all, the jazz pros probably grunt anything they can to one another about where, in general to go next, and somehow those grunts are seen as formal terms?  Or they may write down fake sheets in any notation that makes sense to the four or five guys with them.  Not sure about that.  But this journey is heaven!  Thank you again Mark!Jazz is cool, hot, and beautiful!0Comment|
      8 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsYou can't get everything with a shape-shifting art...ByD Jensenon May 31, 2012Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseIt seems by glancing through some of the reviews for Levine's book, one would get the impression that it's a rather cold and ultimately unrewarding travel through chord changes and extensions, but that is a rather perfunctory view on this interesting approach that Levine's taken.  First of all, you've got to give the guy credit for presenting his opinion that jazz "theory" is a bit of an oxymoron, given the subjective nature of the music itself.  He clearly tells you that experiencing the music itself is of utmost importance.  This is simultaneously the most repeated and most ignored piece of advice that musicians, pedagogues and listeners seem to throw out there without really having the listener embrace this important idea.  For instance, when one becomes interested in a certain form of blues, jazz, pop, European or Eastern music, there really is no substitute for digging through and gathering the tunes that drew you to the form in the first place.  Levine's approach may accentuate the post Bud Powell form of jazz, but with the extremely unorthodox shape of the book you can use it as a template to be used over many different idioms.  His grasp of this slippery subject is extremely solid and (more than anything else) prepares aspiring players for delving into different idioms without hitting some of the roadblocks one may find by simply getting into a more general "Learn to Play X"-style collection or CD/book combination that seems to be the preferred quick fix for many.  For example, I have often recommended to students the Homespun series by Dr. John covering New Orleans Rhythm and Blues where they're able to really get the feel of the music, not just "licks" (a term I avoid at all costs) although the immediate satisfaction that one gets from reading through a transcription and then hearing themselves playing it at least keeps there interest intact.  But just like Levine's book clearly states, there really is no substitute for the music itself.  So, why not have a book about the subject that clearly provides the effect that a book can provide: text and theory about the music that also encourages the player to really immerse him/herself into the music, whichever style he or she prefers.Unconventional layout that, yes, requires patience but in what seems at first jumping ahead then back again only to make the subject notice that difficulties haven't reared their head later when trying to fit together the various ideas combined within.  This is invaluable, you just can't beat that approach save sitting with a professional on a bench where practical ideas can be fleshed out for you.  All students can't have their hands held constantly.Make sure your record collection is healthy or you have the means to do so, Levine doesn't pull any punches when emphasizing this and frankly, really shouldn't.It's a little trial by fire, but, just use your head and you'll benefit greatly from this.0Comment|
      5 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsAn Excellent BookByRoydenon July 5, 2017Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseAn excellent book on jazz.  However, you do need a good background in music theory to get out of this all that is there.  It could be good for a serious beginner, but it will quickly point out what you need to know in basic music theory.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.4.0 out of 5 starsA jazz classroom in a bookBybunnyon March 28, 2013Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseMark Levine is both jazz piano talent and interesting writer--his quips make the study easier.  No wonder jazz pianist & composer Tyrone Jackson at Kennesaw State U. (Atlanta) chose it.  Our class was fingering each new chord, sounding one altered note at a time--carefully!--while the book connects to what comes next.0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsThis is my teacherByAmazon Customeron May 3, 2017Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseI haven't gotten too far in the book , but so farit is very informative. I am looking forward to learning more. So far it is a very good book.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsWorth it's weight in goldBymflewison July 29, 2014Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseThis book has almost single handedly changed my approach to jazz improvisation.  Mark does an excellent job of conveying the concepts in a straight forward simple way without all the scientific verbosity and convoluted theoretical jargon often found in other texts.It's highly recommended for aspiring jazz students.  I often refer to it from time to time.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsClear Practical ConciseByG. ConnerTOP 500 REVIEWERon July 5, 2010Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseMusic theory can be a confusing subject, especially for improvising musicians. This book clears that confusion and is perhaps the most practical tome on the subject I have ever seen.Although it is primarily for pianists, the melodic examples apply to all instruments.As a guitarist, I benefited greatly from Ted Green's books; even more from personal lessons with him. Ted's works are wonderful, but are mostly "instrument specific" books. This book is really about "harmony" ( the useful part of "music theory") so it applies to ALL instruments. Even if you are a guitarist, or play any monophonic instrument, you will get MANY ideas from this book.Mark Levine ( the author) is obviously a person of experience and this work demonstrates his practical understanding of music theory as it is really used by professional musicians. He provides many examples from Jazz-Standards that illustrate each idea. He wastes no time justifying statements or elaborating esoteric BS. Every page uncovers a world of practice possibilities, yet, the organization of the book's chapters makes progress seem smooth; almost effortless.You must be able to read music ( at least a little ) to get the most from this volume. However, even some of my students who do not read at all have benefitted from reading it.Practice is the key. Knowledge is nothing without practice. If for no other reason than Mark's practical advice on HOW to practice, this book is worth the money.I recently purchased another copy of this book for a student who had to quit taking lessons because she had a baby. The service I got from Amazon was fast. The book arrived in perfect condition.After re-reading the book, I am almost shocked at how much of my theory-teaching style is borrowed from this book. Even after twenty years of using the information here, I still get something useful every time I open it.This is a truly GREAT work on the subject. This will be the fifth copy I have purchased and gifted to others. I cannot recommend it highly enough.0Comment|
      3 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsJazz Piano Book Rocks!ByQuinkinon July 19, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseI'm still working my way through this book -- but so far am learning a lot and am really glad I made the purchase.  I like it so much that I bought both the paper and electronic (ebook) versions.0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.5.0 out of 5 starsWorth it!ByLauraon January 8, 2017Format: Spiral-bound|Verified PurchaseIt's a great book that even I can understand!  I have the Mark Levine Jazz Theory Book and this is just as excellent.0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseCommentInsert product linkPaste the product's web address below:Product not found. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.SelectWhat's this?What are product links?In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:1. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com2. Copy the web address of the product3. Click Insert product link4. Paste the web address in the box5. Click Select6. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this: 
        [[ASIN:014312854XHamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)]]
      7. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so:Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare)You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.Please write at least one wordYou must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a commentA problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later.Sign in to comment
Showing 0 commentsSort by:
Newest

Oldest

There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later.←Previous1234...11Next→

Customers also viewed these itemsThe Jazz Theory BookbyMark Levine$35.614.7 out of 5 stars203The Real Book: Sixth EditionbyHal Leonard Corporation$23.194.4 out of 5 stars361Hal Leonard Jazz Piano MethodbyMark Davis$12.854.6 out of 5 stars19Oscar Peterson - Jazz Exercises, Minuets, Etudes & Pieces for PianobyOscar Peterson$10.104.5 out of 5 stars38Voicings for Jazz KeyboardbyFrank Mantooth$9.704.4 out of 5 stars39Need customer service? Click here‹ See all details for The Jazz Piano Book



Sponsored Links  
  (What's this?) 
  
















Ad feedback



















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started







































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















LevinTV® Starring Mark Levin | CRTV
























































Order Now 


Share












1 (800) 282-CRTV













Play





 EP309 | Preview of Tonight's Episode








Play





 Scandal of the Century | Watch FREE









Start your 7-day FREE trial today!



Unlimited access to shows from Mark Levin as well as Steven Crowder, Michelle Malkin, Steve Deace and more!
Videos on demand 24/7
Get 7 Days FREE





ORDER NOW
Select 7-Day Free Trial + Annual Subscription for $99














Recent Episode Previews
            









Play






EP309 | Preview of Tonight's Episode











Play






It Makes No Sense!?!?











Play






How Can CNN Not See Such an Obvious Difference?











Play






LevinTV vs Goliath











Play






EP308 | Preview of Tonight’s Episode











Play






Surrounded by Terrorism











Play






Where’s the Outrage?











Play






Mitch McConnell Has Failed











Play






EP307 | Preview of Tonight’s Episode











Play






Breaking News?











Play






Mueller’s Investigation Keeps Expanding











Play






America Is Being Attacked from Within











Play






EP306 | Preview of Tonight's Episode











Play






Let’s Talk About the Americans Not on Medicaid











Play






What a Hypocrite











Play






EP305 | Preview of Tonight's Episode











Mark Levin on Hannity
            









Play






Mark Levin Discusses the Left Wing Media War on Trump with Hannity











Play






Mark Levin Discusses His New Book “Rediscovering Americanism” on Hannity











Play






LEVIN EXPOSES DOJ MEMO | DESTROYS MUELLER'S INVESTIGATION ON HANNITY

                                                Aired:  6/21/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity: These Are Police State Tactics

                                                Aired:  3/7/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  The Silent Coup Dissected

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  Hold On Now

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  We Need Congressional Investigations

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity: Clapper On, Clapper Off

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity: Is Obama Deaf, Dumb, and Blind?

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  The Hypocrisy of the New York Times and Joe Scarborough

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  A Very Compelling Open Invitation

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            













 




AVAILABLE NOW





































Sign In


Order Now





 Login


Your Email




Your Password



Additional Info





Remember Me


Forgot Password? Login







 Subscribe


Email




Password




Show / Hide




First Name




Last Name




Zip Code



Additional Info



 Subscribe Now


















LevinTV® Starring Mark Levin | CRTV
























































Order Now 


Share












1 (800) 282-CRTV













Play





 EP309 | Preview of Tonight's Episode








Play





 Scandal of the Century | Watch FREE









Start your 7-day FREE trial today!



Unlimited access to shows from Mark Levin as well as Steven Crowder, Michelle Malkin, Steve Deace and more!
Videos on demand 24/7
Get 7 Days FREE





ORDER NOW
Select 7-Day Free Trial + Annual Subscription for $99














Recent Episode Previews
            









Play






EP309 | Preview of Tonight's Episode











Play






It Makes No Sense!?!?











Play






How Can CNN Not See Such an Obvious Difference?











Play






LevinTV vs Goliath











Play






EP308 | Preview of Tonight’s Episode











Play






Surrounded by Terrorism











Play






Where’s the Outrage?











Play






Mitch McConnell Has Failed











Play






EP307 | Preview of Tonight’s Episode











Play






Breaking News?











Play






Mueller’s Investigation Keeps Expanding











Play






America Is Being Attacked from Within











Play






EP306 | Preview of Tonight's Episode











Play






Let’s Talk About the Americans Not on Medicaid











Play






What a Hypocrite











Play






EP305 | Preview of Tonight's Episode











Mark Levin on Hannity
            









Play






Mark Levin Discusses the Left Wing Media War on Trump with Hannity











Play






Mark Levin Discusses His New Book “Rediscovering Americanism” on Hannity











Play






LEVIN EXPOSES DOJ MEMO | DESTROYS MUELLER'S INVESTIGATION ON HANNITY

                                                Aired:  6/21/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity: These Are Police State Tactics

                                                Aired:  3/7/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  The Silent Coup Dissected

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  Hold On Now

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  We Need Congressional Investigations

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity: Clapper On, Clapper Off

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity: Is Obama Deaf, Dumb, and Blind?

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  The Hypocrisy of the New York Times and Joe Scarborough

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






Levin on Hannity:  A Very Compelling Open Invitation

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            













 




AVAILABLE NOW





































Sign In


Order Now





 Login


Your Email




Your Password



Additional Info





Remember Me


Forgot Password? Login







 Subscribe


Email




Password




Show / Hide




First Name




Last Name




Zip Code



Additional Info



 Subscribe Now


















Michelle Malkin Investigates | CRTV
























































Order Now 


Share












1 (800) 282-CRTV













Play





 Watch Preview: America should be more like Japan









Start your 7-day free trial today.



Unlimited access to shows from Michelle Malkin as well as Mark Levin, Steven Crowder and more
Videos on demand 24/7
Get 7 days FREE





ORDER NOW
Select 7-Day Free Trial + Annual Subscription for $99














1:1 With Michelle Malkin
            









Play






America should be more like Japan! 

                                                Aired:  7/20/2017
                                            











Play






SNEAK PEEK: Malkin calls out Hollywood hypocrisy on medical kidnappings

                                                Aired:  7/14/2017
                                            











Play






UN Sex Abuse Scandal 

                                                Aired:  4/19/2017
                                            











Play






MS-13 | Rockville Rape

                                                Aired:  4/6/2017
                                            











Play






Liberal women: Get a grip!

                                                Aired:  3/31/2017
                                            











Play






White House Correspondents' Dinner 

                                                Aired:  3/29/2017
                                            











Play






Malkin | Tom Perez: freaky deaky radical and DNC Chair 

                                                Aired:  3/7/2017
                                            











Play






Open-Borders Epiphany of the Day

                                                Aired:  2/27/2017
                                            











Play






Is America "Heartless"?

                                                Aired:  2/14/17
                                            











Play






President Trump is Making America Exercise Again

                                                Aired:  2/13/17
                                            











Play






The #Rapefugee Crisis the Blind and Dumb Progressive Media Won't Talk About

                                                Aired:  1/28/2017
                                            











Play






Boo-Freaking-Hoo: Collecting the Tasty Tears From the EPA Trump Meltdown

                                                Aired:  1/28/2017
                                            











Play






DNA deception: Prosecutorial falsehoods about Daniel Holtzclaw

                                                Aired:  1/26/2017
                                            











MMI Previews
            









Play






MMI: Black Lives Matter | From the Streets to the Classroom











Play






MMI: The Dark World of EB-5 | The $500,000 Visa Scam











Play






Preview of Student Data Mining











Play






Preview | S1E7 | Cop-Killer Assata Shakur











Play






Preview | S1E8 | The Muslim Refugee Rape Epidemic: Coming to America?











Play






Preview | S1E9 | 50 Shades of Green: Billionaire Hypocrite Tom Steyer











Play






Preview | S1E10 | Tracking Ali Muhammad Brown











Play






Preview | S1E11 | EPA Run A-Muck: The Gold King Mine Spill - Part 1











Play






Preview | S1E12 | EPA Run A-Muck: The Gold King Mine Spill - Part 2 | MMI











Play






Preview | S1E13 | Season One Highlights, Updates and Finale











Play






MMI: DANIEL in the Den | The Truth about the Holtzclaw Case Part 1

                                                Aired:  12/2/2016
                                            











Play






MMI: DANIEL in the Den | The Truth about the Holtzclaw Case Part 2

                                                Aired:  12/2/2012
                                            











FREE EPISODES
            









Play






S1E1 | DANIEL in the Den | The Truth about the Holtzclaw Case Part 1











Play






S1E2 | DANIEL in the Den | The Truth about the Holtzclaw Case Part 2











Play






DNA deception: Prosecutorial falsehoods about Daniel Holtzclaw

                                                Aired:  1/26/2017
                                            











Play






MMI: DANIEL in the Den | The Truth about the Holtzclaw Case Part 1

                                                Aired:  12/2/2016
                                            











Play






MMI: DANIEL in the Den | The Truth about the Holtzclaw Case Part 2

                                                Aired:  12/2/2012
                                            














AVAILABLE NOW





































Sign In


Order Now





 Login


Your Email




Your Password



Additional Info





Remember Me


Forgot Password? Login







 Subscribe


Email




Password




Show / Hide




First Name




Last Name




Zip Code



Additional Info



 Subscribe Now


















Louder with Crowder | CRTV
























































Order Now 


Share












1 (800) 282-CRTV













Play





6/22/2017
 Watch the latest episode FREE!









Start your 7-day Free Trial Today!



Unlimited access to shows from Steven Crowder as well as Mark Levin, Michelle Malkin, Steve Deace and more!
After trial is over, JOIN THE MUG CLUB
Videos on demand 24/7





ORDER NOW
Select 7 Day Free Trial + Crowder Mug Club for $99














Louder with Crowder Promos
            









Play






Wars are fought on moments











Play






#157 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#154 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#153 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#150 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#145 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#143 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#142 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#136 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#133 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#129 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#128 TEASER | Louder With Crowder 











Play






#125 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#118 TEASER | Huge announcement regarding tonight’s on-location live stream!











Play






#113 TEASER | Louder With Crowder











Play






#109 Teaser | Louder With Crowder











Play






#132 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  3/6/2017
                                            











Play






#130 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  3/1/2017
                                            











Play






#126 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  2/22/2017
                                            











Play






#124 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  2/20/2017
                                            











Play






#122 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  2/9/2017
                                            











Play






#121 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  2/8/2017
                                            











Play






#119 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  2/6/17
                                            











Play






#114 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  1/26/2017
                                            











Play






#112 TEASER | Louder With Crowder

                                                Aired:  1/24/2017
                                            











 




AVAILABLE NOW





































Sign In


Order Now





 Login


Your Email




Your Password



Additional Info





Remember Me


Forgot Password? Login







 Subscribe


Email




Password




Show / Hide




First Name




Last Name




Zip Code



Additional Info



 Subscribe Now


















mark s levine - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Dr Mark Levine - Book Appt with Dr. Mark Levine.



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Mark Levine



Book Appt with Dr. Mark Levine. Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Mark Levine - View Doctor Reports & Reviews!



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​Mark Levine



View Doctor Reports & Reviews! Online Appointments Made Easy.




We Found Mark Levine | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Mark Levine



1) Mark Levine's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





Mark Levine Sale - Up To 70% Off Mark Levine.



Ad
 ·
compare99.com/​Mark-Levine



Up To 70% Off Mark Levine. Your Best Price, Compare





Freezers



Ovens



Digital Camera



Dishwasher





Searches related tomark s levine



mark levin's wife


who is mark levin's julie


who is mark levin's fiance


mark levin's house


send email to mark levin


mark levin's family


mark levin on facebook


mark levin's latest book



mark levin


mark levin radio show


mark levin live streaming


mark levin twitter


levin


inga barks husband died


inga barks




Web Results

Mark Levin - Official Site

www.marklevinshow.com


The new book from Mark Levin is now available for pre-order! ... Listen to Mark’s interviews and check out his pictures from Israel from the week of 5/22/17.



Audio Rewind



Daily Recap



Pet's Corner



About The Show



Links



Features



Mark Levin - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Levin


Mark Reed Levin (/ l ə ˈ v ɪ n /; born September 21, 1957) is an American lawyer, author and the host of syndicated radio show The Mark Levin Show. Levin worked in ...


Mark S LeVine's personal website

markslevine.com


Mark S LeVine's personal website, powered by Workfolio


Mark Levine (journalist) - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Levine_(journalist)


Mark H. Levine (born May 7, 1966) is the Democratic Delegate to the Virginia House of Delegates from Virginia's 45th District, which encompasses the eastern half of ...


Dr. Mark S Levine - Rochester NY, Obstetrics/Gynecology

https://www.healthcare6.com/physician/rochester-ny/mark-levine...


Dr. Mark S Levine - Rochester NY, Obstetrics/Gynecology at 200 White Spruce Blvd. Phone: (585) 473-4547. View info, ratings, reviews, specialties, education history ...


Mark S Levine | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/sam.levine.5059


Mark S Levine is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Mark S Levine and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes the...


Mark S. Levin, DDS in Virginia Beach Chesapeake VA

https://www.wemakesmilesva.com/meet-mark-s-levin-dds


Dr. Mark S. Levin, DDS loves improving the dental health of his patients in Virginia Beach & Chesapeake, VA. Schedule today!


Mark Levin - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/marklevinshow


Mark Levin. 1,300,218 likes · 56,220 talking about this. THE OFFICIAL MARK LEVIN FACEBOOK PAGE


Audio Rewind | MARK-CM

www.marklevinshow.com/audio-rewind


Just below the podcast title, right-click on the MP3 podcast file you want (for example, “3776312-11-4-15-mark-levin-audio-rewind.mp3”).


Mr Mark Levine - Attorney in Lomita, CA - Lawyer.com

https://www.lawyer.com/mark-s-levine.html


Mark Levine is an attorney in Lomita, CA. 35 years experience in Find out lawyer Mark Levine's state bar license status, years in practice, phone and address information.










Dr Mark Levine - Book Appt with Dr. Mark Levine.



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Mark Levine



Book Appt with Dr. Mark Levine. Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Mark Levine - View Doctor Reports & Reviews!



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​Mark Levine



View Doctor Reports & Reviews! Online Appointments Made Easy.




We Found Mark Levine | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Mark Levine



1) Mark Levine's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Location History



Photos & Videos



Email Address





Mark Levine Sale - Up To 70% Off Mark Levine.



Ad
 ·
compare99.com/​Mark-Levine



Up To 70% Off Mark Levine. Your Best Price, Compare





Freezers



Ovens



Digital Camera



Dishwasher




Searches related tomark s levine



mark levin's wife


who is mark levin's julie


who is mark levin's fiance


mark levin's house


send email to mark levin


mark levin's family



mark levin on facebook


mark levin's latest book


mark levin


mark levin radio show


mark levin live streaming


mark levin twitter




12345Next






Answers







Levine



American political writer and civil libertarian Ketzel Levine, American radio journalist Mark Levine (journalist) (born 1966), delegate in the Virginia...

more






Mark Levine (journalist)



Mark H. Levine (born May 7, 1966) is the Democratic Delegate to the Virginia House of Delegates from Virginia's 45th District, which encompasses the...

more






Mark LeVine



Mark LeVine is an American professor of history at the University of California, Irvine, United States. He is also a musician. He received his B.A. in...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















