

Stanley D. Levy: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 11:24 PM ET
Real Estate Management and Development

Company Overview of The Morgan Group Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Stanley D. Levy  Chief Operating Officer, The Morgan Group Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Mr. Stanley D. Levy, also known as Stan, serves as the Chief Operating Officer of The Morgan Group Inc. Mr. Levy in a variety of roles through the Morgan bank's mergers with Chemical, Chase and JPMorgan. His responsibilities include arranging debt and equity financing, managing the property acquisition and disposition process and asset management oversight for all of MORGAN's assets. He was one of the founding executive officers and Chief Risk Officer of Cadence Bancorp, ... LLC. He began his career at JPMorgan Chase & Co., where he worked for 15 years and served as Managing Director of Real Estate & Lodging Investment Banking for the Southern Region. He managed the Real Estate Workout and Foreclosed Properties Groups and served on the Bank's Middle Market Loan Committee during the downturn in the Texas banking market in the late 1980's and early 1990's and led the team that managed the real estate workouts in the FDIC-assisted acquisition of First City Bank by Texas Commerce. He also served as manager of Real Estate Investment Banking in Texas and the Real Estate Lending Group in Houston and as Managing Director of Real Estate and Lodging Investment Banking for the Southern Region while at Texas Commerce. Mr. Levy joined The Morgan Group, Inc. as Chief Financial Officer and Partner in 2001 and served as Chief Operating Officer and partner from 2002 to 2009. He has been Advisory Director of Cadence Bancorp, LLC since 2010. He serves as Advisory Director of Cadence Bancorporation. Mr. Levy has been an Independent Director of Hines Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. since June 2004. He serves as board member for Congregation Beth Israel. He served as a Director of Cadence Bancorporation. He was President of the Board of The Shlenker School in Houston. He is an active member of the National Multi Housing Council. He holds BBA Degree in Finance from The University of Texas System.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5606 South Rice AvenueHouston, Texas 77081United StatesPhone: 713-361-7200Fax: 713-361-7299
Board Members Memberships
2004-PresentIndependent DirectorHines Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.
Education
BBA The University of Texas System
Other Affiliations
The University of Texas SystemCadence BancorporationHines Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.Cadence Bancorp, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Morgan Group Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 Top Rated New York, NY Products Liability Attorney | Stanley Levy | Super Lawyers          Super Lawyers → Lawyer Directory → Products Liability Attorneys → New York → New York → Stanley J. Levy   Share:            Stanley J. Levy         212-605-6210     Email    Email       Attorney Profile Top Rated Products Liability Attorney in New York, NY   Levy Konigsberg LLP | 800 Third Avenue, 11th FloorNew York, NY 10022  Visit:  www.levylaw.com Phone:  212-605-6210            Selected to Super Lawyers:  2006 - 2017   Licensed Since:  1959   Education:  Columbia Law School       Practice Areas:  Personal Injury - Products: Plaintiff (60%), Class Action/Mass Torts: Plaintiff (30%), Personal Injury - General: Plaintiff (10%)     Update This Page      Attorney Profile  A co-founder of Levy Konigsberg LLP, Stanley J. Levy is currently of counsel to the New York City-based firm. He provides representation to clients around the country who have been harmed by the negligence of others in litigation involving asbestos-caused mesothelioma, defective products, hazardous waste, domestic and international aviation accidents and wrongful death. Mr. Levy also has experience in assisting plaintiffs in consumer fraud lawsuits against health care and pharmaceutical companies.A 1956 recipient of a Bachelor of Arts, Magna Cum Laude, from Harvard University, Mr. Levy pursued his legal education at Columbia Law School and was awarded his Juris Doctor in 1959. After graduation, he spent four years as Assistant Attorney General with the Office of the New York State Attorney General. In that capacity, he handled cases involving consumer and securities fraud before leaving to join the firm of Kreindler & Kreindler LLP, where he handled aviation accident and product liability litigation as a partner of that firm. Mr. Levy left that firm in 1975, and co-found his current firm. Admitted to practice in New York, Mr. Levy is also admitted to practice before the U.S. District Courts for the Eastern and Southern Districts of New York, the Bankruptcy Court of the Southern District of New York, the U.S. Courts of Appeals for the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th Circuits, and the Supreme Court of the United States.Mr. Levy has served as lead counsel in some of the country's largest mesothelioma lawsuits, and he has been able to obtain many multimillion-dollar jury verdicts on behalf of his clients. He has also served as Chairman of the Plaintiffs Creditors Committees in the Manville and Keene bankruptcies. In addition, he has served as Chairman of the Boards of Directors of a number of companies, including a stock exchange listed company. Along the way, he has earned the high esteem of his fellow professionals. Selected for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America, Mr. Levy has also received an AV Preeminent* peer review rating through Martindale-Hubbell. The author of more than two dozen articles on aspects of his practice areas that have been published in professional journals, he is a member of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York and several other legal organizations.*AV®, AV Preeminent®, Martindale-Hubbell Distinguished and Martindale-Hubbell Notable are certification marks used under license in accordance with the Martindale-Hubbell certification procedures, standards and policies. Martindale-Hubbell® is the facilitator of a peer review rating process. Ratings reflect the anonymous opinions of members of the bar and the judiciary. Martindale-Hubbell® Peer Review Rating™ fall into two categories – legal ability and general ethical standards.         Practice AreasPersonal Injury - Products (60%): PharmaceuticalClass Action/Mass Torts (30%)Personal Injury - General (10%): Motor Vehicle Accidents, Wrongful Death, Trucking Accidents Focus AreasPersonal Injury - Products: PharmaceuticalPersonal Injury - General: Motor Vehicle Accidents, Wrongful Death, Trucking Accidents   Selections  Super Lawyers: 2006 - 2017      Email Me  To: Stanley J. Levy Super Lawyers: Potential Client Inquiry    Your First Name    Your Last Name    Your Email    Your Phone    Your City    Your State    Message          Submit                 Additional Sources of Information About Stanley J. Levy   Visit my  profile        Email Me  To: Stanley J. Levy Super Lawyers: Potential Client Inquiry    Your First Name    Your Last Name    Your Email    Your Phone    Your City    Your State    Message          Submit               About Stanley LevyAdmitted: 1959, New YorkProfessional Webpage: http://www.levylaw.com/lawyer/stanley-j-levy/Honors and Awards:The Best Lawyers in AmericaBar/Professional Activity:Appointed to the Joint Southern and Eastern District Local Rules Revision Committee, 1996 - PresentCourt-appointed member of the Southern Eastern Districts of New York's Civil Justice Reform Act Committee, 1996 - PresentAppointed co-chairman of the Federal Judicial Center's Asbestos Litigation Management Project, 1990 - PresentRay Tech Corporation, Chairman of the Board of DirectorsManville Corporation, DirectorU.S. Minerals Corporation, Chairman of the Board of DirectorsMillion Dollar Verdict AssociationFederal Bar CouncilNew York State Bar AssociationAssociation of Trial Lawyers of AmericaManville Corporation, 1988 - PresentAssociation of Bar of City of New York, 1975 - PresentAmerican Bar Association, 1975 - PresentU.S. Supreme Court, 1970U.S. Federal Courts, 1959New York, 1959Scholarly Lectures and Writings:Frequently lecturer, Law JournalFrequently lecturer, Practicing Law InstituteFrequently lecturer, National Law JournalVerdicts and Settlements:City of Boston v. Keene Corp., 547 N.E.2d 328 (Mass. 1989)City of New York v. Keene Corp., 513 N.Y.S.2d 1004 (N.Y.A.D. 1 Dept. 1987)Lohrmann v. Pittsburgh Corning Corp., 782 F.2d 1156 (C.A.4 (Md.) 1986)Ingham v. Eastern Air Lines, Inc., 373 F.2d 227 (C.A.2 (N.Y.) 1967)Representative Clients:Sumitomo Real Estate AssociationCity of New YorkCity of BostonCity of BaltimoreEducational Background:Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts, B.A., magna cum laude, 1956Find Me OnlineWebsite - www.levylaw.com   Office Location for Stanley J. Levy800 Third Avenue11th FloorNew York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-605-6210       Stanley J. Levy:   Download Badge   Update Profile   Order Online   Last Updated: 5/2/2017   Share:            Page Generated: 0.31512188911438 sec  Find a Top Products Liability Attorney in New York Metro | Super Lawyers          Super Lawyers → Lawyer Directory → Products Liability → New York Metro   Products Liability Super Lawyers in New York Metro  Select a city to narrow down your search for a Super Lawyers rated products liability attorney in New York Metro  ArmonkAstoriaBay ShoreBronxBrooklynDix HillsElmsfordGarden CityGoshenHawthorneHempsteadHolbrookHuntingtonIslandiaJerichoKew GardensKingstonLake SuccessLevittownMelvilleMineolaMount KiscoNew CityNew YorkNewarkPort WashingtonPurchaseRed BankRiverheadRyeScarsdaleSmithtownStaten IslandUniondaleValhallaWestburyWhite PlainsWilliston ParkWoodbury          Products Liability LawIs your company being blamed for creating a poor product?Do others say you are knowingly at fault?Or are you seeking assistance because you or someone you know were harmed by a faulty product?Find help with Super Lawyers.Personal injury product defense attorneys primarily represent organizations fighting liability for injuries sustained as a result of an alleged faulty or poorly designed product.Personal injury product plaintiff attorneys represent injured persons seeking compensation for injuries sustained as a result of an alleged faulty or poorly designed product.Use Super Lawyers to hire a local personal injury lawyer to help better represent you and your product concerns.Looking For A Top Attorney In New York Metro?Super Lawyers directory is an index of attorneys who exhibit excellence in the practice of law. You can browse attorney listings covering everything from personal injury to family law to business litigation. When you come across individuals who stand out to you, simply explore their profiles. Attorney profiles include biographical information, education and training, and contact information to help you decide which lawyer to hire. We even show you where to find their firm web sites and personal biographies. When you have come to a decision, simply use the contact form on the profiles to connect with a New York Metro attorney for legal advice.             Page Generated: 0.04150915145874 sec 




Stanley D. Levy - Former Chief Operating Officer & Partner at Morgan Group, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Stanley D. Levy
Former Chief Operating Officer & Partner at Morgan Group, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Stanley D. Levy
Former Chief Operating Officer & Partner at Morgan Group, Inc.



 Overview



Age



53
                                  (Born 1964)
                                              




Notable Companies


Morgan Group, Inc.




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 4,700 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Paul B. Murphy, Jr.

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Cadence Bancorp




Jeff Wright

Chair at Capital Area United Way - Louisiana





Michael S. Morgan

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Morgan Group, Inc.




Frank D. Cox, Jr.

Chief Information Officer at Cadence Bancorp LLC





Mike Albano

Board Member at Capital Area United Way - Louisiana




Robert Schneckenburger

President, Baton Rouge Market at JPMorgan Chase & Co.





Jody R. Montelaro

Vice President-Public Affairs at Entergy Louisiana LLC




Conville Lemoine

Board Member at Capital Area United Way - Louisiana





Daniel D. Montelaro

Director at Capital Area United Way - Louisiana




Stephanie Anderson

Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President at Woman's Hospital Foundation, Inc.







See 4,690 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 4,690 More 


 


 Paths to Stanley D. Levy



            Stanley D. Levy          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Stanley D. Levy






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Stanley D. Levy.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The University of Texas at Austin

                  The University of Texas at Austin is one of the largest public universities in the United States and is the largest institution of The University of Texas System. Founded in 1883, the university has grown from a single building, eight teachers, two departments and 221 students to a 350-acre main campus with 17 colleges and schools, about 24,000 faculty and staff, and more than 50,000 students.                





 Career History



Chief Operating Officer & Partner

                                    Current                


Morgan Group, Inc.


                  Morgan Group, Inc. specializes in upscale urban construction and property management. Its markets include Orlando, Jacksonville, Charlotte, Kansas City, Denver, Austin, Houston, San Diego, Fullerton, Orange County and Los Angeles. The company was founded in 1959 by William J. Morgan and is headquartered in Houston, TX.                




Chief Risk Officer

                                    2010 - 2012                


Cadence Bancorp LLC


                  Cadence Bancorp LLC operates as a bank holding company. It offers commercial and personal banking and mortgage finance services. The company was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.^^                




Managing Director of Real Estate & Lodging Investment Banking

                                    1985 - Prior                


Texas Commerce Bank, NA (Lubbock, Texas)






Director & Chief Risk Officer

                                    Prior                


Cadence Financial Corp.


                  Cadence Financial Corp. is a financial holding company providing full financial services, including banking, trust services, mortgage, insurance services and investment products.It is engages in general banking business activities. Its deposit products include savings, negotiable order of withdrawal and money market demand accounts, as well as non interest-bearing demand deposits. It provides various wholesale and retail financial services, including mortgage loans, investment services, insurance brokerage and trusts. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Starkville, MS.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


JPMorgan Chase & Co.


                  JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational banking and financial services holding company. It is the largest bank in the United States by assets, and as of 2012, it ranks as the second largest bank in the world by assets with total assets of $2.509 trillion. It is a major provider of financial services, and according to Forbes magazine is the world's second largest public company based on a composite ranking. The hedge fund unit of JPMorgan Chase is one of the largest hedge funds in the United States. It was formed in 2000, when Chase Manhattan Corporation merged with J.P. Morgan & Co                




Manager

                                    Prior                


Real Estate Investment Banking







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2004 - Current                  


Hines Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc.

                    Hines Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. is a real estate investment trust, which engages in the business of owning interests in real estate. It invests and manages institutional-quality office properties. The firm operates its business through the following segments: Office Properties, Industrial Property, and Retail Properties. The Office Properties segment involves office properties that owns directly and indirectly through the investment in the Core Fund. The Industrial Property segment comprises of directly-owned industrial properties. The Retail Properties segment covers grocery-anchored shopping centers in the grocery-anchored portfolio. The company was founded on August 5, 2003 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.                  




Director & Chief Risk Officer

                    Prior                  


Cadence Financial Corp.

                    Cadence Financial Corp. is a financial holding company providing full financial services, including banking, trust services, mortgage, insurance services and investment products.It is engages in general banking business activities. Its deposit products include savings, negotiable order of withdrawal and money market demand accounts, as well as non interest-bearing demand deposits. It provides various wholesale and retail financial services, including mortgage loans, investment services, insurance brokerage and trusts. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Starkville, MS.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Capital Area United Way - Louisiana

                    Capital Area United Way provides social services. It helps in fund raising and community service activities. The company was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Baton Rouge, LA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


The Emery/Weiner School Foundation







 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2008                


National Multi Housing Council Political Action Commitee







$12K

                  2005                


Eliot Laurence Spitzer


                  Former Governor of New York                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Cadence Bancorp LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Stanley D. Levy is affiliated with
                            Morgan Group, Inc., Cadence Bancorp LLC, Texas Commerce Bank, NA (Lubbock, Texas), Cadence Financial Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co., Real Estate Investment Banking, Hines Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., Cadence Financial Corp., Capital Area United Way - Louisiana, The Emery/Weiner School Foundation.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Stanley Levy - Delray Beach, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Delray Beach



Insurance Agents, Brokers, and Service



Insurance Agents, Nec



                            Stanley Levy
                                    



 





















S 


Stanley Levy
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



13614 SABATINI LN DELRAY BEACH, FL 33446
Get Directions



(561) 637-2888





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $210,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Insurance Agents, Nec
 Contacts Stanley Levy







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Stanley Levy has been providing Insurance Agents, Nec from Delray Beach. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















CADE Stanley D. Levy Insider Trades for Cadence Bancorp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Cadence Bancorp.

                  NYSE: CADE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Cadence Bancorp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


CADE

/quotes/zigman/88590529/composite


$
22.15




Change

-0.0044
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 485
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/88590529/composite
Previous close

$
			22.27
		


$
				22.15
			
Change

-0.12
-0.54%





Day low
Day high
$21.86
$22.37










52 week low
52 week high

            $20.50
        

            $23.71
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Stanley D. Levy






Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/19/2017
12,500


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Paul B. Murphy 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Samuel M. Tortorici 
President




Ms. Valerie C. Toalson 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Jerry W. Powell 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. William B. Harrison 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Scott M. Stuart 
Independent Director




Mr. J. Richard Fredericks 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert King Steel 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:25 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 



Stanley J. Levy | Levy Konigsberg


























































Home
About LK
Testimonials
News
Search
 




Home
About LK
Testimonials
News
Mesothelioma
Lead Poisoning
Whistleblower
Pharmaceuticals
Verdicts & Settlements
 








Menu

Home
About LK
Testimonials
News
Mesothelioma
Lead Poisoning
Whistleblower
Pharmaceuticals
Verdicts & Settlements
 

For a Free Consultation
1.800.988.8005















Share This





 




Stanley J. Levy

																			Of Counsel 																		








Stanley J. Levy is of counsel at Levy Konigsberg LLP. As one of LK’s founding members, Stan has led the firm in building a national reputation as a leader in handling personal injury and wrongful death litigation involving asbestos, mesothelioma, product liability, hazardous wastes, contaminated groundwater, and other toxic torts. He has also expanded the firm’s select areas of litigation to include pharmaceutical, healthcare, government, consumer, and commercial fraud.
Stan has over 40 years of international trial experience working on cases involving product liability class actions and aviation disasters. Of the latter, he has acted on behalf of victims of:

The air crash over the Ionian Sea;
The air crash near Staines, England;
The mid-air collision near Indianapolis.

For more than 20 years, Stan has been lead counsel in some of the nation’s largest asbestos and mesothelioma lawsuits:

In 1990, he was appointed co-chairman of the Federal Judicial Center’s Asbestos Litigation Management Project;
In 1996, he became a court-appointed member of the Southern Eastern Districts of New York’s Civil Justice Reform Act Committee;
The same year he was appointed to the Joint Southern and Eastern District Local Rules Revision Committee.

After graduating from Harvard College in 1956 and Columbia University’s School of Law in 1959, Stan served for four years as an Assistant Attorney General of New York. In that capacity, he investigated securities and consumer fraud, and was instrumental in the early regulation of real estate syndications under then-State Attorney General Louis Lefkowitz.
For more than two decades, Stan has been active on committees involving product liability, aeronautics, mass litigation toxic torts, and environmental law for the American Bar Association, the Association of the Bar of the City of New York, the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, the New York State Bar Association, the Federal Bar Council, and the Million Dollar Verdict Association.
He has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Ray Tech Corporation and the U.S. Minerals Corporation, and as a director of the Manville Corporation.
A recognized authority on toxic torts and environmental law, Stan has frequently been cited in The Best Lawyers in America and in New York Super Lawyers.
He is the author of more than two dozen professional articles and has been a frequent lecturer for the National Law Journal, the Practicing Law Institute, and the Law Journal.




note: While our offices are located in the states of New York, New Jersey, and Georgia, many of our mesothelioma lawyers are licensed to practice law in a number of U.S. states and have the capability and extensive experience of representing mesothelioma clients throughout the United States. You are encouraged to contact us with any questions.												    	









Do You Have a Case? Find Out Now.

Name*Phone*Email*

Case Type*-- Please select the case type --MesotheliomaLung CancerLead PoisoningPharmaceuticalsWhistleblower / FraudAsbestosisMedical MalpracticeOtherAbout the Case*



  











 




Partners

Alan J. Konigsberg
Robert I. Komitor
Moshe Maimon
Jerome H. Block
Audrey Perlman Raphael
John Paul Guinan
Donald P. Blydenburgh
Amber R. Long
Corey M. Stern



Of Counsel

Stanley J. Levy
Sharon J. Zinns



Associates

Keith W. Binder
Michael J. Blom
Robin Blumenkranz
Anna Kull
Daniel LaTerra
Brendan Little
Joseph J. Mandia
Nicholas E. Novack
Clark Rosengarten
Nicole Sodano
Daniel B. Weiss




National Offices


New York
800 Third Avenue, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10022
			Telephone: 212-605-6200



New Jersey
101 Grovers Mill Rd, Ste 105
Lawrence Twp, NJ 08648
			Telephone: 609-720-0400



Georgia
1800 Peachtree St, NW, Ste 300
Atlanta, Georgia 30309
			Telephone: 404-748-1600



Serving Clients Nationwide
 
			Telephone: 800.988.8005















					Attorney Advertising: Prior results do not guarantee a similar future outcome.
				

Disclaimer
Alerts
 

					Copyright ©2017 Levy Konigsberg LLP. All Rights Reserved.
				



Connect With Us




















Stanley W. Levy - a Los Angeles, California (CA) Consumer Product Safety Lawyer
      




FindLaw


Are you a legal Professional?
Visit our professional site
Law firm marketing






Updated 12/12/2013Your profile? Update now

Levy, Stanley W.
Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP


11355 W. Olympic Blvd.Los Angeles, CA 90064


Websites 
        associated with this firm:www.manatt.com



Phones: (310) 312-4379


Fax: (310) 312-4224


      Contact Us




When viewing a listing, consider the state advertising restrictions to which lawyers and law firms must adhere, as well as our West Legal Directory disclaimers. Some lawyers publish comparative information regarding the services that they provide which may be subject to specific comparative communications restrictions.







Map Location

      		Please enable JavaScript to view the map.                    
	
View larger map/Directions »

How do I choose a lawyer?Consider the following: 
Comfort Level - Are you comfortable telling the lawyer personal
information? Does the lawyer seem interested in solving your problem? 
Credentials - How long has the lawyer been in practice? Has
the lawyer worked on other cases similar to yours? 
Cost - How are the lawyer's fees structured - hourly or flat
fee? Can the lawyer estimate the cost of your case? 
City - Is the lawyer's office conveniently located?
Not sure what questions to ask a lawyer?Here are a few to get you started:

How long have you been in practice?
How many cases like mine have you handled?
How often do you settle cases out of court?
What are your fees and costs?
What are the next steps?

Want to check lawyer discipline?Research
Lawyer Discipline.








Search Corporations, Limited Liability Companies, Limited Partnerships, and Trademarks by Officer or Registered Agent
















Department of State


Division of Corporations 

Search Records 
Search by Officer or Registered Agent





Next List



 
 




Officer/Registered Agent Name List



Officer/RA Name
Entity Name
Entity Number




LEVY, STANLEY D
MORGAN GROUP FLAGLER VILLAGE, LLC
L12000150683


LEVY, STANLEY D
MORGAN GROUP FLAGLER VILLAGE, LLC
L12000150683


LEVY, STANLEY D 
VILLAGE AT LAKE LILY PROPERTY OWNERS' ASSOCIATION, INC.
N07000011812


LEVY, STANLEY H
CHEMAX, INC.
F99000006165


LEVY, STANLEY H
STOSH PROPERTIES, LLC
L01000009291


LEVY, STANLEY H
STOSH PROPERTIES, LLC
L01000009291


LEVY, STANLEY H
LS BOYD, INC.
L99914


LEVY, STANLEY H
S.H. LEVY CORP.
P00000088138


LEVY, STANLEY I
A & S SELTZER, INC.
365719


LEVY, STANLEY I
DAGA PROPERTY, LLC
L12000078135


LEVY,I,STANLEY
LEVY ADVISORS, LLC
L13000130781


LEVY,I,STANLEY
LEVY ADVISORS, LLC
L13000130781


LEVY, STANLEY M.
A. Z. CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH, INC.
690864


LEVY, STANLEY M.
A. Z. CHRYSLER PLYMOUTH, INC.
690864


LEVY, STANLEY M.
AUTORANCH, INC.
F63638


LEVY, STANLEY M
AUTORANCH, INC.
F63638


LEVY, STANLEY M
BARSTAN DELRAY, LLC
L14000159664


LEVY, STANLEY M
BARSTAN DELRAY, LLC
L14000159664


LEVY, STEFAN
NETVEST, LLC
L00000008753


LEVY, STELLA
GAIL CARTER OF HOLLYWOOD INC
188161






Next List



 
 







Florida Department of State, Division of Corporations






Florida Department of State


Division of Corporations




































    Dr Stanley Levy - Neurologist
 | Healthshare


















































                        Verify your email address to receive email notifications.
                    








                                        Sending
                                    

                                        Send Verification
                                    









                            Verification sent. Please check your inbox to verify your address.
                        



                            Unable to send verification. Please try again later.
                        














Menu





Search





Profile









Home
Find a Health Professional
Browse Health Topics
Ask a Question
Health Fact Sheets


















Logged in as 
















Log in


General Member Sign Up


Health Professional Sign Up













                            Search for a health professional, specialty, or health topic
                        

































                    Empowering Australians to make
                    better health choices.
                    Learn more





































Log in


Sign up



















Contact details for Dr Stanley Levy

Don't forget to mention you found Dr Stanley Levy on Healthshare






        Advertisement
        














Select a Practice Location





















Don't forget to mention you found Dr Stanley Levy on Healthshare
As they are a Healthshare partner, you may be able to find a more suitable appointment.













        Advertisement
        














Dr Stanley Levy









                                                            Neurologist (Brain Specialist)
                                                        









Special Interests

                                            All aspects of general neurology.
                                        




                                                GAP SCHEME PARTICIPATION
                                                





                                                    
                                                        Choose Your Health Fund
                                                    
                                                


----------

                                                            ACA Health Benefits Fund
                                                        

                                                            ahm
                                                        

                                                            Australian Unity
                                                        

                                                            CBHS Corporate Health
                                                        

                                                            CBHS Health Fund
                                                        

                                                            CUA Health
                                                        

                                                            Defence Health
                                                        

                                                            Emergency Services Health
                                                        

                                                            GMHBA
                                                        

                                                            GU Health
                                                        

                                                            HCF (Hospitals Contribution Fund)
                                                        

                                                            Health Care Insurance Limited
                                                        

                                                            health.com.au
                                                        

                                                            Health Partners
                                                        

                                                            HIF
                                                        

                                                            Medibank
                                                        

                                                            Navy Health
                                                        

                                                            Nurses & Midwives Health
                                                        

                                                            onemedifund
                                                        

                                                            Peoplecare Health Insurance
                                                        

                                                            Phoenix Health Fund
                                                        

                                                            Police Health
                                                        

                                                            Queensland Country Health Fund
                                                        

                                                            Reserve Bank Health Society
                                                        

                                                            rt health fund
                                                        

                                                            Teachers Health Fund
                                                        

                                                            Transport Health
                                                        

                                                            TUH Health Fund
                                                        

                                                            Westfund
                                                        





















Gap Scheme
Notes


















                                                                Disclaimer
                                                            









Gap scheme participation not found for this health fund.
                                                            







Bio

                                        
                                                Dr Stanley Levy is an Australian-based health professional.
                                                    Stanley is trained as a
                                                        
                                                            Neurologist (Brain Specialist).
                                                        
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                            
                                                
                                                    Are you Dr Stanley Levy? Claim your Healthshare profile (It's free)




Hospital Affiliations






                                                                        Campbelltown Hospital (Campbelltown, NSW)
                                                                    







Languages spoken (other than English)

                                            
                                                Afrikaans
                                            
                                        


Qualifications


 
 









        Advertisement
        








            Latest answers provided by health professionals
        











                                        Are UTI’s dangerous?
                                    



Kidney Health & Urology
Urinary Tract Infections (UTI)

                                    Answered by
                                    
                                        Dr Trung Quach
                                    
                                    
                                        · Nephrologist (Kidney Specialist)
                                    
                                













                                        What is the most popular weight loss option?
                                    



Obesity
Weight Management

                                    Answered by
                                    
                                        Dr Steven Leibman
                                    
                                    
                                        · Bariatric (Obesity) Surgeon
                                    
                                        · General Surgeon
                                    
                                        · Laparoscopic Surgeon
                                    
                                        · Upper GI Surgeon (Abdominal)
                                    
                                













                                        What is IVF?
                                    



Infertility
Trying To Conceive
Women's Health

                                    Answered by
                                    
                                        Dr Bronwyn Devine
                                    
                                    
                                        · Gynaecologist
                                    
                                        · Obstetrician and Gynaecologist
                                    
                                        · Obstetrician & Gynaecologist - Infertility (IVF)
                                    
                                













                                        Is a prenatal multi recommended?  If so, which one?
                                    



Infertility
Nutrition
Pregnancy & Breastfeeding
Trying To Conceive
Women's Health

                                    Answered by
                                    
                                        Melanie McGrice
                                    
                                    
                                        · Dietitian
                                    
                                













                                        What are the different types of hearing loss?
                                    



Ear, Nose & Throat Disorders
Hearing Loss & Deafness

                                    Answered by
                                    
                                        Nicole Bowden
                                    
                                    
                                        · Audiologist
                                    
                                













                                        What is the surgery for a bunion like?
                                    



Foot Conditions
Orthopaedics
Pain

                                    Answered by
                                    
                                        Mr William Edwards
                                    
                                    
                                        · Orthopaedic Surgeon
                                    
                                















        Advertisement
        











                    
                        Related Fact Sheets
                    
                













                                        Migraine and Headache Diary
                                    














                                        Stroke
                                    














                                        Headache
                                    















                                        Migraine Treatment Options
                                    














                                        Parkinson's Disease and Physiotherapy
                                    














                                        Migraine
                                    














                                        Epilepsy Explained
                                    








 Search More Factsheets






                            See More Fact Sheets
                        







Related Communities







                                        Parkinson's Disease
                                    

461 Health Practitioners / 28 Q&As









                                        Amnesia
                                    

252 Health Practitioners / 11 Q&As









                                        Epilepsy & Seizures
                                    

293 Health Practitioners / 48 Q&As









                                        Guillain-Barré Syndrome (GBS)
                                    

280 Health Practitioners / 11 Q&As









                                        Spinal Cord Injury
                                    

402 Health Practitioners / 36 Q&As









                                        Muscular Dystrophies
                                    

267 Health Practitioners / 15 Q&As















                            About
                        




                                Healthshare Corporate
                            





                                About Healthshare
                            





                                Leadership Team
                            





                                Our Partners
                            





                                Press
                            





                                Careers with Healthshare
                            






                            Get Involved
                        




                                Health Professionals
                            





                                Health Organisations
                            





                                General Member
                            





                                Advertise with Healthshare
                            





                                Sponsors
                            





                                Testimonials
                            






                            Products
                        




                                Fact Sheets
                            





                                Referrals
                            





                                SpecialistNow
                            





                                ConnectMe
                            






                            Contact
                        




                                Contact Healthshare
                            





                                Facebook
                            





                                Google+
                            





                                Twitter
                            





                                Terms of Service
                            





                                Privacy Policy
                            





                                Community Guidelines
                            







                                About
                            





                                        Healthshare Corporate
                                    





                                        About Healthshare
                                    





                                        Leadership Team
                                    





                                        Our Partners
                                    





                                        Press
                                    





                                        Careers with Healthshare
                                    







                                Get Involved
                            





                                        Health Professionals
                                    





                                        Health Organisations
                                    





                                        General Member
                                    





                                        Advertise with Healthshare
                                    





                                        Sponsors
                                    





                                        Testimonials
                                    







                                Products
                            





                                        Fact Sheets
                                    





                                        Referrals
                                    





                                        SpecialistNow
                                    







                                Contact
                            





                                        Contact Healthshare
                                    





                                        Facebook
                                    





                                        Google+
                                    





                                        Twitter
                                    





                                        Terms of Service
                                    





                                        Privacy Policy
                                    





                                        Community Guidelines
                                    












                        © 2017 Healthshare Pty Ltd
                    





                        Disclaimer: Healthshare is intended for Australian residents only.
                        Healthshare does not endorse, accept, or adopt the health care practitioners on our site,
                        the content of any profiles nor the comments or discussions in the community forum.
                        Healthshare is an information resource which contains advertising and is not a substitute
                        for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment by your health care professional.
                    











Sign up to Healthshare


Already a Member? Log in







General Member

Join Now
Learn More




Health Professional

Join Now
Learn More













Log in to Healthshare


New to Healthshare? Sign Up








                            Log in with Facebook
                        






Email / Username



Password





 Keep me logged in
                







Forgot your password?














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v






























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip

















