
























 







Wild management ride at troubled AC transit - San Francisco Chronicle















































 

















 









 



Autos
Jobs
Real Estate








e-edition
Subscribe


Sign In



 












          Local
        
























Home






SFGATE







Local





Pot Legalization




Columnists




San Francisco




Bay Area




Crime




Politics




Oakland Ghost Ship fire




Obituaries




California Drought








US & World





US




World




Politics




Science








Opinion





Editorials




Letters to the editor




Op-ed columns




Insight




Open Forum




Submit your opinions








Sports





49ers




Raiders




Giants




A's




Warriors




Cal




High School




Stanford




Sharks




Outdoors




College








Biz & Tech





VisionSF




Real Estate




Driving the future




Markets








A&E





Movies & TV




Arts & Theater




Music




Music Festivals Guide




Books




Bad Reporter




Horoscopes




Comics




Games




Movie Listings




Leah Garchik








Food+Home





Inside Scoop




Restaurants




Wine & Beer




Recipes




Top 100 Restaurants




Home Design








Style





Scene




Fashion




Weddings




Top Shops 2016







Travel






Green State







Photos





Photos of the Week




The Regulars








Archives





Chronicle Covers




Our SF: Archive




From the Archive




Portals of the Past




Archives Search








In-Depth





Top 100 Restaurants




Beyond Homelessness




Oakland Fire Victims




AIDS Survivors




Rising sea levels




The Najee Chronicles




Seafood's new normal




Black lives, black voices




NorCal Brewery Map




Bar Stars 2016








Membership





About Membership




Exclusive offers




Join Now




e-edition




App




Manage my account







Store








 










Wild management ride at troubled AC transit

By Matier & Ross


March 27, 2015
Updated: March 28, 2015 1:20pm

 




























































 

AC Transit General Manager David Armijo’s abrupt resignation — a day before the board was to consider firing him over his allegedly brash conduct — is the latest in a long, bumpy road for the East Bay transit system.
The agency’s chief financial officer, Lewis Clinton Jr., was forced to resign last year after being charged with embezzling more than $500,000 from two housing programs at Oakland’s prestigious Allen Temple Baptist Church, where he was a member.
AC Transit officials, however, said there was no evidence Clinton stole from the district. 


In 2012, AC Transit general counsel Vincent Ewing left the agency under a cloud over how he had conducted agency business — just months after being hired.
Board members later declared they had failed do do their proper “due diligence’’ on Ewing.
That same year, the cash-strapped agency had to foreclose on the four-bedroom house they had helped previous GM Rick Fernandez buy when he stopped making loan payments on the property — saddling the agency with an estimated $232,000 in losses.
As for Armijo’s exit, Jeff Davis, one of the few AC Transit Board members willing to speak on the record, said there was “a consensus perspective” that Armijo was “very intimidating and had abused his powers” with staff — a pattern of behavior that he described as “reprehensible.’’
“It’s a real tragedy,” he said, “because I think he was entitled to a nice raise for what he had accomplished (with bus service) over the last year.”
Armijo, who led AC Transit’s last search for a general manager — only to wind up being picked for the job himself — wasn’t answering calls Friday on his cell phone.
But board President Chris Peeples, while declining to get into specifics of Armijo’s resignation — calling it a personnel matter — said the former general manager had done much to improve AC Transit, including better on-time performance and fewer missed runs.
And despite all the controversies that come from working in the Bay Area’s politically charged environment, Peeples said, “We are putting butts in seats and moving them down the road — and that’s our job.”

Making the beds: Both sides of the ongoing tug-of-war over regulating Airbnb hit the phones recently to poll San Francisco voters on the idea of a possible ballot fight this November.
And from the looks of things, it would be one heck of a rumble — with the outcome very much up in the air.
First up, a David Binder poll commissioned by Airbnb, which found that 66 percent of the 600 likely voters surveyed support short-term rentals in the city.
“After months of debate, voters know that Airbnb has helped thousands of San Franciscans pay their bills in an expensive city,” said Airbnb spokesman Nick Papas.
“That’s pretty much what our polling found as well,” said Dale Carlson, one of the leaders in the fight to put limits and controls on Airbnb-style rentals.
The difference, Carlson said, is that their own pollster, Goodwin Simon Strategic Research, found that the 500 voters they called also support limiting the number of days a host can rent (58 percent), and both requiring Airbnb to list only hosts who have registered with the city and allowing neighbors to take those hosts to court if they violate the rules (62 percent).
Upshot: Both sides start out with a strong base of support, meaning they could be in for a tough and expensive fight come November unless a new deal is struck.

First come, first served: As Oakland and Alameda County move forward with negotiations with the Raiders and the A’s to build new stadiums, it is becoming increasingly clear that neither team is overly interested in the massive development plans that were originally being pitched to help pay for the deals.
The first evidence of the downsize came with the recent vote by the Alameda County supervisors to join forces with Oakland on a 120-acre deal —  which is far smaller than the 850-acre mega-Coliseum City development initially proposed by former Oakland Mayor Jean Quan. 
Officials close to the deal also tell us that both the Raiders and the A’s have said what they want most — aside from new stadiums — is parking.
That pretty much slims down the available real estate for both a new Raiders stadium and new A’s ballpark to space now occupied by the stadium they currently share and the next-door Oracle Arena. To accommodate both, the arena where the Warriors play would have to come down. The catch: While the Warriors hope to move across the bay to San Francisco, the arena still has an outstanding $73 million debt from its renovation. 
That further brings up the question how any of this will be paid for.
Officials also tell us that both the A’s and Raiders owners have expressed the desire to be the “only game in town.” 
Upshot: The first team that signs on for a new deal will probably get first dibs.
“I still think we can keep both teams,” said Alameda County Supervisor Nate Miley. “But there is something to be said about a bird in the hand.”

San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news. He can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call (415) 777-8815, or e-mail matierandross@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @matierandross











Matier & Ross

Chronicle Columnists

















 











From the Archive






When celebrities invaded the Bay Area



Scott Ostler






Moves the Giants can make for 2018





Heather Knight






Why we love living in San Francisco



Top 100 Restaurants






Top 100 Restaurants 2017: Savor Bay Area's best



















 



 



 









Local 





Load more in Section



 











Top



About

Our Company
 Ad Choices 
Careers
Terms of Use
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
Your California Privacy Rights





Contact

Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Newsroom Contacts





Connect

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



Connect










Services

Profile
Subscriber Services
e-edition
App
Archives
Membership
Store
Subscription Offers





©  Hearst Corporation



 




Cole Jr, Lewis Clinton                                                                                                   - Opelika                                           , AL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AL



Opelika



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Cole Jr, Lewis Clinton
                                    



 





















C 


Cole Jr, Lewis Clinton                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2122 LEE ROAD 112 OPELIKA, AL 36804
Get Directions



(334) 749-1651
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $53,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Lottice Cole                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011, Cole Jr, Lewis Clinton                                                                                                   has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Opelika. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




























Clinton Lewis, Jr. | Zoetis | Zoetis 




























 







Zoetis.com uses cookies to improve your experience when browsing our website. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to their use. To find out more, view our cookie policy. 


Agree











































About UsZoetis at a Glance
Vision & Mission
Core Beliefs
Awards & Recognition
History
Zoetis Executive TeamBoard Committees & Charters
Board of Directors
Contact Our Directors

Corporate GovernancePolicies & Procedures
Board Committees & Charters
Board of Directors
Contact Our Directors

Corporate Compliance
Company Locations







Home / About Us / Zoetis Executive Team / ZOETIS EXECUTIVE TEAM 



Share
Share on twitter
Share on facebook
Share on linkedin
Share on google_plusone_share
Share on email





Print





Text Size







< Prev
Next >



ZOETIS EXECUTIVE TEAM


Clinton Lewis, Jr.




Executive Vice President and President, International Operations






Clint Lewis is executive vice president and president of International Operations at Zoetis. In this role, he oversees the management of the livestock and companion animal business markets outside the United States.
Mr. Lewis previously served as president, U.S. Operations at Zoetis and in the Pfizer Animal Health organization. He joined Pfizer Animal Health in 2007.
Mr. Lewis joined Pfizer in 1988 as a sales representative in Long Island, N.Y., and has held positions of increasing responsibility in several areas across various commercial operations dedicated to human health prior to joining animal health, including vice president and general manager of Pfizer's U.S. Anti-Infectives/HIV business unit.
In 2011, Mr. Lewis was elected chairman of the Animal Health Institute (AHI) for the 2011-12 term. A member of AHI since 2007, Mr. Lewis previously served as AHI vice chair for the 2009-2010 term. AHI is the trade association for the animal health industry in the U.S. advocating on various issues important to the industry, including efficient and effective regulatory and approval processes by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Mr. Lewis holds a bachelor's degree in biology from Fairfield University and a Master of Business Administration in marketing from Fairleigh Dickinson University.










About Us
See Zoetis at a glance.More











                Select a Country

zoetis.com
zoetisZO.com



Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium (French)
Belgium (Dutch)
Brazil
Bolivia
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Latvia
Lithuania
Malaysia
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Vietnam
 You are leaving the country website to access another site in the group.
Regulatory constraints and medical practices vary from country to country. Consequently, the information provided on the site in which you enter may not be suitable for use in your country. 






Home

|Sitemap

|Privacy Policy

|Cookie Policy

|Terms of Use







Clinton Lewis Jr. 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


















Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - 首页 | Facebook
















Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介Subscribe to Newsletter点评Send a VoicemailBook an AppointmentGet Paid to ShopDubLi Partnership Program照片What Is MOBE?IM Revolution帖子What Is MTTB?What Is TTI?FREE WebinarFREE WorkshopHome Business SummitFREE MercedesInstagramFollow My TweetsFollow My PinsComing SoonClickFunnelsWork With MeClinton's StoryMy NewsletterPinvolve活动视频网志Masonic StoreDailymotionWelcomeAdd a link!Contact UsStore社群创建主页社群查看全部15,505 位用户赞了14,599 位用户关注了简介全部+1 844-879-6623PartnerWithClinton.com企业家版本信息人气15,505 位用户赞了这个主页赞了LV Property SearchThe Order of the Knights of PythagorasBlogs & Vlogs - Adverge类似主页Evolution, Atheism, and Anti-theism社群E-slamshop书店Marga Seoane个人博客中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017点评3 条点评你打几分？Patricia Jones · 2016年9月4日Pure motivation to move forward daily towards my dreams.全部帖子Clinton A. Lewis Jr. 分享了视频 — 在 The Signature at MGM Grand · 觉得 enlightened · 2016年7月3日 · 美国 · Nevada · 北拉斯维加斯 · INTERESTING FACTS YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW --- "Wake Up, America...It's Time For A Change!"--- Rationale and statistics:...展开The Most Honest Three Minutes In Televison History - LIKE/COMMENT发布者：Clinton A. Lewis Jr.Clinton A. Lewis Jr. · 觉得获得能力 · 2014年3月31日 · 美国 Arizona · INTERESTING FACTS YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW --- "Wake Up, America...It's Time For A Change!"--- Rationale and statistics:... Most stats taken from http://www.americashealthrankings.org/ and http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/rankings.html (unless otherwise noted) 1. Alabama: highest rate of stroke (3.8 percent) (tied with Oklahoma) 2. Alaska: highest suicide rate (23.6 suicides per 100,000 people in 2004) 3. Arizona: highest rate of alcoholism 4. Arkansas: worst average credit score (636) http://www.talkbusiness.net/…/ARKANSAS-RANKS-LAST-IN-…/1007/ 5. California: most air pollution (15.2 micrograms per cubic meter) 6. Colorado: highest rate of cocaine use per capita (3.9 percent total population) 7. Connecticut: highest rate of breast cancer http://www.statehealthfacts.org/comparemaptable.jsp… 8. Delaware: highest abortion rate (27 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 44) 9. Florida: highest rate of identity theft (122.3 reports per 100,000 people) 10. Georgia: sickly based on highest rate of influenza 11. Hawaii –highest cost of living (tied with California) http://www.cnbc.com/…/States_With_the_Highest_Cost_of_Livin… 12. Idaho – lowest level of Congressional clout http://www.newwest.net/…/roll_call_rocky_mountai…/C559/L559/ 13. Illinois: highest rate of robbery (284.7 incidences per 100,000 people) 14. Indiana: rated the most environmentally unfriendly by NMI solutions http://www.environmentalleader.com/…/indiana-comes-in-last…/ 15. Iowa: highest percentage of people age 85 and older (1.8 percent) (tied with three other states) http://www.statemaster.com/…/peo_per_of_peo_who_are_85_yea_… 16. Kansas: poorest health based on highest average number of limited activity days per month (3.5 days) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hea_lim_act_day_per_mon-limite… 17. Kentucky: most cancer deaths (227 per 100,000 people) (BONUS fact: Kentucky also has the highest rate of tobacco smokers – 25.6 percent) 18. Louisiana: highest rate of gonorrhea (264.4 reported cases per 100,000 people) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hea_gon_rat-health-gonorrhea-r… 19. Maine: dumbest state claim based on lowest average SAT score (1389) http://www.commonwealthfoundation.org/…/2010-sat-scores-by-… 20. Maryland: highest rate of AIDS diagnosis (27.6 people per 100,000 people) http://www.avert.org/usa-states-cities.htm 21. Massachusetts: worst drivers claim based on highest rate of auto accidents http://www.theautochannel.com/news/2002/11/11/150352.html 22. Michigan: highest unemployment rate (13.6 percent) 23. Minnesota: highest number of reported tornadoes (123 in 2010) http://woodbury.kstp.com/…/minnesota-ranks-first-nation-tor… 24. Mississippi: highest rate of obesity (35.3 percent of total population) BONUS facts: Mississippi ranks last in the most number of categories. These include highest rate of child poverty (31.9 percent), highest rate of infant mortality (10.3 percent) lowest median household income ($35,078), highest teen birth rate (71.9 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 19) and highest overall rate of STDs. 25. Missouri: highest rate of bankruptcy (700 out of every 100,000 people) http://www.bcsalliance.com/bankruptcy_statestats.html 26. Montana: highest rate of drunk driving deaths (1.12 deaths per 100 million miles driven) http://helenair.com/…/article_c48ad0a6-bce0-5f69-931e-dc5ca… 27. Nebraska: highest rate of women murdered annually 28. Nevada: highest rate violent crime (702.2 offenses per 100,000 people). BONUS fact: Nevada also has the highest rate of foreclosure (one in 99 houses) 29. New Hampshire: highest rate of corporate taxes http://newhampshire.watchdog.org/…/nh-ranks-last-in-corpor…/ 30. New Jersey: highest rate of citizen taxation (11.8 percent) http://retirementliving.com/RLtaxes.html 31. New Mexico: antisocial claim based on lowest ranking in social heath policies http://www.lasg.org/NMecon05.htm 32. New York: longest average daily commute (30.6 minutes) http://www.statemaster.com/…/lab_mea_tra_tim_to_wor-labor-m… 33. North Carolina: lowest average teacher salary http://www.southernstudies.org/…/north-carolina-ranks-last-… 34. North Dakota: ranked last in ugliest residents report as chosen by The Daily Beast http://www.thedailybeast.com/galleries/1272/1/… 35. Ohio: nerdiest state claim based on highest number of library visits per capita (6.9) http://www.statemaster.com/…/edu_pub_lib_lib_vis_per_cap-li… 36. Oklahoma: highest rate of female incarceration 37. Oregon: highest rate of long-term homeless people 38. Pennsylvania: highest rate of arson deaths (55.56 annually) http://www.statemaster.com/g…/cri_ars_dea-crime-arson-deaths 39. Rhode Island: highest rate of illicit drug use (12.5 percent of population) http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/…/drug-use-across-the-un…/ 40. South Carolina: highest percentage of mobile homes (18.8 percent) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hou_per_of_hou_uni_tha_are_mob… 41. South Dakota: highest rate of forcible rape 76.5 per 100,000 42. Tennessee: chosen most corrupt state by The Daily Beast http://www.thedailybeast.com/…/201…/the-most-corrupt-states/ 43. Texas: lowest high school graduation rate (78.3 percent) http://www.statemaster.com/…/edu_hig_sch_dip_or_hig_by_per-… 44. Utah: highest rate of of online porn subscriptions http://www.deseretnews.com/…/Utah-No-1-in-online-porn-subsc… 45. Vermont: infertility claim based on lowest birth rate of any state (10.6 births per 1,000) (tied with Maine) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hea_bir_rat_per_100-birth-rate… 46. Virginia: highest number of alcohol-related motorcyle deaths http://www.vabiker.net/…/virginia-ranks-last-nationally-in…/ 47. Washington: most cases of bestiality (4 reported in 2010) http://www.pet-abuse.com/…/cr…/statistics/state_ranking.php… 48. West Virginia: highest rate of heart attack (6.5 percent of population) 49. Wisconsin: highest rate of binge drinking (23.2 percent of population) 50. Wyoming: highest rate of deadly car crashes (24.6 deaths per 100,000) http://www.autoinsurancequotealert.com/…/wyoming-leads-nat…/ Clinton A. Lewis Jr. 展开Clinton A. Lewis Jr. · 2016年7月2日 · Ka Gold JewelryA Highly Recommended Spiritual Jewelry DesignerFor anyone who considers the jewelry they wear to be much more than something of beauty, but who understand the power of symbols and intention and seek truly exceptional designs, Ka Gold Jewelry is the best source of spiritual jewelry we have found. In addition to having an incredibly wide assortment of exquisite rings, pendants, and earrings, Ka Gold......展开全部视频DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You!234Las Vegas Supercharge Seminar - 201531Watch As Madea Lays Down The Law!7全部帖子更多








AC Transit executive charged with stealing $560,000 from church funds : Indybay








































▲ top















Features
Calendar

LocalGlobalOther












Home
About
Contact
Subscribe
Calendar
Publish
Donate









Regions

north coast
central valley
north bay
east bay
south bay
san francisco
peninsula
santa cruz
california
us
international



Topics

animal lib
anti-war
arts + action
drug war
education
en español
environment
global justice
government
health/housing
immigrant
media activism
labor
lgbti / queer
police state
racial justice
womyn



International

americas
haiti
iraq
palestine
afghanistan

More


make media
get involved
photo gallery
feature archives
fault lines
links







Donate
Help support grassroots independent media.

$16.00 donated in past month
IMC Network







From the Open-Publishing CalendarFrom the Open-Publishing NewswireIndybay FeatureRelated Categories: East Bay | Health, Housing, and Public Services


AC Transit executive charged with stealing $560,000 from church funds
by Lynda Carson
(tenantsrule [at] yahoo.com)
Wednesday Apr 16th, 2014 4:25 AM 

AC Transit's chief financial officer, Lewis Green Clinton Jr., has been charged with ripping off $560,000 from the Allen Temple Baptist Church located at 8501 International Boulevard, in Oakland, for his own personal gain, according to charges filed by Inspector James Taranto, of the Alameda County District Attorney's office!

  AC Transit executive charged with stealing $560,000 from church funds  By Lynda Carson - April 16, 2014  Oakland - Lewis Green Clinton Jr., of Vallejo has been arrested on suspicion of ripping off over $500,000 of funds from the Allen Temple Baptist Church in East Oakland. Funds that were meant to assist seniors and the disabled for their housing needs.    AC Transit's chief financial officer, Lewis Green Clinton Jr., has been charged with ripping off $560,000 from the Allen Temple Baptist Church located at 8501 International Boulevard, in Oakland, for his own personal gain, according to charges filed by Inspector James Taranto, of the Alameda County District Attorney's office.  According to public records signed and dated on April 10, 2014, by Inspector James Taranto, Lewis Green Clinton Jr. (age 57), has been charged with four counts of grand theft for allegedly ripping off funds from the 5,000-member Allen Temple Baptist Church. Clinton was a member of the church and was also a board member on three different boards of the church, which left him in a position to allegedly steal around $560,000 in funds from the church for personal gain, according to Inspector Taranto.  Clinton is presently free on $100,000 bail after being arraigned Monday at the Hayward Hall of Justice, and was placed on indefinite administrative leave from AC Transit on the same day, Monday April 14, 2014. It's been reported that Clinton was payed $279,000 in total compensation during 2012, by AC Transit. Clinton is due back in court next month.           Allen Temple Baptist Church, is a large religious organization located in East Oakland, and through the years it has created organizations through which it provides housing and delivers other services to low- and moderate-income persons in the local community. The church was originally organized in 1919 as a Northern Baptist mission by the Reverend J.L. Allen, who may be rolling over in his grave at this moment about what has been happening at his church lately.  The last 990 federal tax filing for the Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO) is for 2011, and the records show that Lewis Clinton is listed as the principal officer of the organization. The gross receipts for 2011 were $548,405, and $532,870 is listed as coming in from grants, fees, and contracts. Their total assets during 2011 was $77,388, and their total liabilities for 2011 were $110,593, leaving them $33,000 in the hole.   Records show that $215,384 was spent on salaries, other compensation, and employee benefits. It also reports that $179,387 was used as compensation for current officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, and that $15,546 was spent on other employee benefits. Other expenses were listed as $291,200. Accounting expenses cost $11,601 for the year, $19,377 went for office expenses, and $10,921 was used for travel expenses.  Board expenses were $19,569 for the 2011, and $171,424 was spent on program development training. Telephone and utilities cost $8,109, and rent cost $8,000 for the organization.    The tax filing listed El Rifai Reem as the executive director of the organization in 2011, with a wage compensation of $71,740. Lewis Clinton is listed as the president, John Harrison is listed as the secretary, Olu Bereola is listed as a director, George Elliott is listed as director, and Kevin Ross is listed as the treasurer.  The assets for Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO) in 2011 were listed as $77,388, and in 2010 the assets were listed as $143,459. Another 990 tax filing for 2010 lists their assets as $72,103. In 2009 the assets were listed as $252,470. The 2011 990 tax filing does not mention anything about the organization developing housing for seniors or the disabled, even though the website for Allen Temple Baptist Church claims that they have developed 90 units of housing for seniors and the disabled. It states on the 2011 990 tax filing that the mission or most significant activities of the organization are to raise the economic, educational and social levels of the residents of Alameda County.        Funds Ripped Off From Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO)     The Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO) has developed, operated and maintained 90 units of low-income housing for seniors and disabled persons who have become disabled due to the HIV/AIDS virus, according to the website for the church, but not mentioned in their 2011 990 federal tax filing.    According to public records from the DA's office, Clinton solely owned and controlled an entity called Eagle Asset Management (EAM). However, according to records with the Secretary of State of California, as of April 16, 2014, there are two corporations named Eagle Asset Management, Inc, as doing business in California. Regarding their status, one of them is listed as forfeited, and the other is listed as suspended. Neither of the corporations listed with the Secretary of State listed Clinton as the agent for service of process.  Additionally, a search of the records of the California Board of Accountancy on April 16, 2014, did not turn up a listing or any records for Lewis Green Clinton Jr., as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in California, or elsewhere, even though he is the chief financial officer for AC Transit.      According to the charges leveled against Clinton, between April 1, 2007 and November 22, 2012, Clinton illegally diverted to his Eagle Asset Management, Inc. (EAM) account, over $400,000 in funds acquired from the sale of cell phone tower rights, from church bank accounts.   Between March 1, 2008, and February 8, 2013, Clinton improperly took approximately $66,000 from some Wells Fargo accounts belonging to ATHEDCO. These amounts were withdrawn in the form of debit card purchases and ATM withdrawals.  Between October 1, 2008, and January 31, 2011, Clinton also illegally diverted to his EAM account over $100,000 in funds held by ATHEDCO at the Alliant Credit Union, according to records.  The District Attorney's office (DA) believes that the evidence reveals that Clinton used the EAM account for his own personal expenses including among other things mortgage payments on his home, loan payments, tuition payments for private school for his children, purchase of at least one luxury automobile, golf club membership, and personal real estate tax payments.   According to public records, with the possible exception of improper ATM withdrawals, these thefts have not been discovered until March of 2013, after a shortage of operating capital at ATHEDCO prompted an investigation. The improper use of debits cards was discovered around December 2012, after a bookkeeper   began to notice a pattern of improper ATM withdrawals. In previous years, a church official noticed relatively high board expenses, but she was assured by Clinton that this was not a problem, and that nothing was inappropriate.  Clinton held a high position of trust within the community and the corporations involved with the church, which explains why the thefts were not detected sooner, according to the DA's office.  AC Transit records dated November 13, 2013, show that Lewis Green Clinton Jr., flew to Chicago for the APTA Annual Conference on 9/28/2013 and flew back on 10/2/2013, at a total cost of $2,485.17. The trip was funded by the District Operating Program. The nature of the expenses were for ground transportation ($70.00); Lodging ($904.44); Per Diem ($319.50); Airfare ($371.00); Conference Fee ($800.00); Mileage ($66.67); Miscellaneous (-$46.44).       Lynda Carson may be reached at tenantsrule [at] yahoo.com   




Add Your Comments





LATEST COMMENTS ABOUT THIS ARTICLE


Listed below are the latest comments about this post.
These comments are submitted anonymously by website visitors.


TITLE
AUTHOR
DATE

Clearinghouse Capital Partners NOT associated with Lewis Green Clinton, Jr.Consuelo LewisThursday Mar 10th, 2016 9:37 AM Update: On Lewis Green Clinton Jr., Court Date & background info...Lynda CarsonTuesday Apr 22nd, 2014 2:09 AM 








© 2000–2017 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center.
Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for
non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and
elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not
necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC.
Disclaimer |
Copyright Policy |
Privacy |
Contact |
Source Code












 
AC Transit official pleads not guilty to charges of embezzling from Oakland church – East Bay Times














































 

  





































East Bay Times 

Weather
Today’s E Edition
Subscribe
Newsletter
 















			AC Transit official pleads not guilty to…		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window) 








			Trending:		










 

 


Breaking News





			Senate votes to launch debate on health care bill		







 

NewsCrime & Courts





			AC Transit official pleads not guilty to charges of embezzling from Oakland church		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)

 
						Lewis Green Clinton Jr., AC Transit’s chief financial officer, waits to make an appearance in court at the Hayward Hall of Justice in Hayward, Calif., Wednesday, May 21, 2014. Clinton entered a not guilty plea to charges of embezzling more than $500,000 from one of Oakland’s largest churches, Allen Temple Baptist Church. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News Group)		

By Natalie Neysa Alund | Bay Area News GroupPUBLISHED: May 21, 2014 at 11:14 am | UPDATED: July 19, 2016 at 5:34 pmHAYWARD — AC Transit’s chief financial officer appeared in Alameda County Superior Court on Wednesday morning and entered a not guilty plea to charges he embezzled more than $500,000 from one of Oakland’s largest churches.
Lewis Clinton Jr., 57, faces four counts of grand theft with white-collar enhancements after prosecutors say he embezzled money from the Allen Temple Baptist Church from 2007 through 2013.
Clinton was accompanied by his wife and his attorney, Michael Thorman, at the Hayward Hall of Justice.
After Clinton entered his plea, Judge Scott Patton ordered a conditional exam in the case, which would allow some of the witnesses’ testimony to be taped and replayed at trial, if necessary. Such exams are used when witnesses are elderly, ill or unable to attend a trial.
The judge set the exam for Wednesday and a subsequent pretrial hearing for early July.
Clinton remained silent as he held his wife’s hand while exiting the courtroom. He is a parishioner at the 5,000-member church and served on three overlapping volunteer boards that administered hundreds of thousands of dollars meant to provide housing and help for low- and moderate-income residents.
Officials believe he used the money that he allegedly embezzled to pay for a luxury car, private schooling for his children, mortgage payments and a golf club membership, according to court documents.
Allen Temple Baptist Church officials have said through attorney Jessica K. Nall that they are cooperating in the ongoing investigation and prosecution.
Clinton, who had a warrant issued for his arrest after the charges were filed, was arraigned last month on the felony charges.


The judge set his bail at $100,000, which Clinton posted shortly afterward, a court clerk said.
AC Transit spokesman Clarence Johnson said Clinton was placed on indefinite paid administrative leave on April 14. He said that he was not aware of any connection between the district attorney’s investigation and the transit agency’s finances.
His colleagues last month expressed surprise at the charges but said the transit agency’s ongoing financial audits made it very unlikely that any public funds could have been taken.
Johnson previously said that during the six years he’s worked with the agency, they’ve had no complaints filed against Clinton, whom he called a competent and trusted employee.
The agency’s finances are audited at least three times a year, he said — twice by the Federal Transit Administration and once by an outside firm. The most recent audit took place in November, Johnson said.
Clinton was preparing to put together a new budget for the agency when he was charged, AC Transit board President Greg Harper said. When asked if the agency will now audit the financial transactions Clinton was involved in, Harper said it’s a possibility.
Chris Peeples, who has served on the AC Transit board for the past 16 years, described Clinton as a “smart guy” who previously worked as a Wall Street investment banker.
“Being in the finance business for a long time, he has a level of financial sophistication that we previously lacked,” Peeples said. “We are all concerned and watching this with a great level of interest.”
Contact Natalie Neysa Alund at 510-293-2469. Follow her at Twitter.com/nataliealund.


 


Sign up for our newsletters!
Subscribe



Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




Instagram




RSS






Most Popular




			After tracking him on Facebook, ATF raids home of Oakland man suspected in series of gang-related robberies		





			Struggling East Bay mall could get housing, office space in its new life, buyers say		





			Pedestrian fatally hit in Lafayette identified		





			Troubling plan for $3 Bay Area bridge toll hike		





			Parts of downtown Martinez closed off Wednesday for ’13 Reasons Why’ shoot		





			Venus Williams goes on attack against elderly couple involved in fatal crash		





			6 phenomenal poke spots in the Bay Area		





			Puppies found at homeless camp rescued by Sheriff’s deputies, volunteers in Bay Point		



















More in News






 






			A who’s who of people vying to fill in as Contra Costa District Attorney		



July 25, 2017, 4:18 pm



			A dozen people are vying to fill in as Contra Costa’s District Attorney until a new one can be elected.		









 






			‘Miss Flo’ murder case: New suspect charged in deadly beating		



July 25, 2017, 4:17 pm



			Second man charged with deadly beating of the longtime San Jose resident known as “Miss Flo.”		









 






			Police: Officers kill man carrying knife, ax in Virginia		



July 25, 2017, 4:06 pm



			RICHMOND, Va. — Officers fatally shot a man who was making threats as he walked around Virginia’s capital city with an ax and a long knife, wearing nothing but a kilt and combat-style boots, police and witnesses said.		









 






			Readers weigh in on the latest twist in the Jahi McMath story		



July 25, 2017, 3:53 pm



			Word that UCLA neurologist Dr. Alan Shewmon believes that brain-dead Jahi McMath is actually still alive and may even be getting better not only brought new hope to her family, but it also triggered a new blast of comments by readers with strong and emotionally charged feelings about end-of-life dilemmas like the one facing the teenager’s family. The McMath case,...		














Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			




























































AC Transit official charged with stealing from his church - SFGate

























































































































Subscribe


Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/matier-ross/article/AC-Transit-official-charged-with-stealing-from-5402372.php



AC Transit official charged with stealing from his church


By Matier & Ross


        Updated 8:57 am, Tuesday, April 15, 2014
    





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































                                            Photo: Kurt Rogers, The Chronicle
                                    
 


Image 1of/5
CaptionClose



















Image 1 of 5


Members of the Allen Temple Baptist Church in Oakland are seen on Nov. 5,  2008.
Members of the Allen Temple Baptist Church in Oakland are seen on Nov. 5,  2008.

                                            Photo: Kurt Rogers, The Chronicle
                                    

 



Image 2 of 5


The Allen Temple Baptist Church is among the most influential in the East Bay.
The Allen Temple Baptist Church is among the most influential in the East Bay.

                                            Photo: Kurt Rogers, The Chronicle 2008
                                    

 



Image 3 of 5


Reverend Daniel Buford, who heads the church's social justice ministry, told us he was shocked by the news.
Reverend Daniel Buford, who heads the church's social justice ministry, told us he was shocked by the news.

                                            Photo: Lacy Atkins, The Chronicle
                                    

 



Image 4 of 5


Lewis Clinton Jr. has been AC Transit's $225,000-a-year chief financial officer since 2008 and a trustee of the agency's retirement board. 
Lewis Clinton Jr. has been AC Transit's $225,000-a-year chief financial officer since 2008 and a trustee of the agency's retirement board.

                                            Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle
                                    

 



Image 5 of 5


Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Oakland Mayor Jerry Brown speak at a commemoration for Martin Luther King Jr at Allen Temple Baptist Church in Oakland in 2005.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Oakland Mayor Jerry Brown speak at a commemoration for Martin Luther King Jr at Allen Temple Baptist Church in Oakland in 2005.

                                            Photo: JAKUB MOSUR
                                    








 






AC Transit official charged with stealing from his church

1 / 5


Back to Gallery
















AC Transit's chief financial officer has been charged with embezzling more than $500,000 from a prominent Oakland church and using the money to pay for everything from his kids' private school tuition to a golf club membership.
Lewis Clinton Jr. has been AC Transit's $225,000-a-year chief financial officer since 2008 and a trustee of the agency's retirement board. 
The criminal charges on which he was arraigned Monday in Hayward don't relate to his AC Transit job, however - they're connected to Allen Temple Baptist Church, the 5,000-member church in East Oakland where the 57-year-old Clinton worships.



Latest news videos




 
Over the past seven years, Clinton was board president of two church-run corporations set up to provide housing and other services to low- and moderate-income people in Oakland. He also ran a church foundation created to accept philanthropic gifts.
In charging him with four felony counts of fraud and grand theft, Alameda County prosecutors said Clinton used his position on the three overlapping boards to steal church funds.
 From 2007 to 2012, the district attorney's complaint says, Clinton diverted $400,000 that the church made from the sale of cell phone tower rights and put it into a company he owned called Eagle Asset Management.


More Matier and Ross





                    SEIU thinks big for S.F. city workers' next contract
                




                    Paul McCartney concert: Let it be at new stadium, 49ers say
                




                    Lawyer for 'Shrimp Boy' blames feds for predicament
                




 Separately, the complaint alleges that from 2008 to 2013, Clinton illegally withdrew $66,000 from a Wells Fargo account belonging to the church.
 In addition, prosecutors charge that Clinton stole more than $100,000 in Allen Temple's money from a church account at a credit union.
 Prosecutors say that in addition to spending church money on his children's private school tuition and a golf club membership, Clinton redirected Allen Baptist funds to cover his mortgage and tax payments. He also allegedly bought a luxury car with church money.
 The alleged embezzlement came to light in December 2012 when a bookkeeper noticed suspicious ATM withdrawals from the Wells Fargo account. But the investigation didn't get going until three months later when board members noticed they were short of housing funds, according to the complaint. 
An Allen Baptist official earlier had asked Clinton about seemingly excessive spending by the church groups he ran, the criminal complaint says. "She was reassured by (Clinton) in his capacity as board president that nothing was improper," prosecutors said.
Clinton, who lives in Vallejo, is free on $100,000 bail and was arraigned Monday in Alameda County Superior Court. Efforts to reach him were unsuccessful.
 Most church leaders declined to discuss the case, saying they may be called as witnesses.
 But the Rev. Daniel Buford, who heads the church's social justice ministry, told us he was shocked by the news.
 Clinton "was a good person and a leader" at Allen Baptist, Buford said. "I'm just sorry for him and his family."
 AC Transit board President Greg Harper said he was equally surprised.
"We have known Lewis for years, and never had there been any thought by any board member or any staff member that he might not be completely ethical and moral," Harper said.
 He said there have been no allegations of financial impropriety at AC Transit, and that as far as he knows, there are no criminal investigations at the agency involving Clinton.
 He said routine reviews by the Federal Transit Administration and private auditors in recent years have uncovered no evidence of financial abuse.
 Harper said Clinton is still working at AC Transit, "although his duties may need to be altered."
"As president, my biggest concern is the fact that he has got to go into the budget process," Harper said.
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross normally appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news. He can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call (415) 777-8815, or e-mail matierandross@sfchronicle.com.
 














Latest from the SFGATE homepage:Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.




















LATEST NEWS
 



Bay Area offices swarmed with calls to treat wasp nests3:57 PM
Newborn abandoned in parking lot, father arrested2:32 PM
Schwarzenegger to GOP: 'Stop lying to people' about climate3:44 PM
Couple seeks $1M from body shop that glued car together
House passes Russia sanctions that would curb Trump's power2:16 PM
Senators’ chat caught on live mic includes Trump as 'crazy'1:58 PM
Oakland councilwoman may be hit with ethics fine3:56 PM
Ben and Jerry's gets boycott threats over weedkiller ingredient

 








2 'persons of interest' wanted in SF Marina killing
Suspect in Pittsburg ice cream parlor slaying turns himself in
Victim suffers life-threatening stab wound in SF attack
Music teacher arrested in Palo Alto student sex-abuse case








Why Giants can't get back to World Series with this roster3:28 PM
Lowest and highest points in SF Giants history








This $10,000 tiny home can be built with one tool in under a day
Customized Bay Area tiny homes








When celebrities invaded the Bay Area
W. Kamau Bell serious-minded about comedy



 

 









TODAY'S TOP PICKS
 



Calif. residents claim a chupacabra is stalking their pets
Here's when your favorite shows are coming back this fall
What did San Francisco look like in the decade you were born?

 

 




 

























Most Popular






1

It's been 11 years since this happened to Lake Tahoe, and it's...



2

Trump message chief willing to 'fire everybody' for leaking



3

2 'persons of interest' wanted in SF Marina District killing



4

Trump shows the Boy Scouts how to start a political fire



5

Senators’ Chat Caught on Live Mic Exposes Washington Tension...



6

Top US cities to live: San Francisco can't even beat Omaha in...



7

Senate opens 'Obamacare' debate at last but outcome in doubt



8

BART shows off new train cars



9

Trump's Boy Scouts speech broke with 80 years of presidential...



10

Dallas couple seeking $1 million from body shop that glued...






 




 





 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 
























AC Transit executive charged with stealing $560,000 from church funds : Indybay








































▲ top















Features
Calendar

LocalGlobalOther












Home
About
Contact
Subscribe
Calendar
Publish
Donate









Regions

north coast
central valley
north bay
east bay
south bay
san francisco
peninsula
santa cruz
california
us
international



Topics

animal lib
anti-war
arts + action
drug war
education
en español
environment
global justice
government
health/housing
immigrant
media activism
labor
lgbti / queer
police state
racial justice
womyn



International

americas
haiti
iraq
palestine
afghanistan

More


make media
get involved
photo gallery
feature archives
fault lines
links







Donate
Help support grassroots independent media.

$16.00 donated in past month
IMC Network







From the Open-Publishing CalendarFrom the Open-Publishing NewswireIndybay FeatureRelated Categories: East Bay | Health, Housing, and Public Services


AC Transit executive charged with stealing $560,000 from church funds
by Lynda Carson
(tenantsrule [at] yahoo.com)
Wednesday Apr 16th, 2014 4:25 AM 

AC Transit's chief financial officer, Lewis Green Clinton Jr., has been charged with ripping off $560,000 from the Allen Temple Baptist Church located at 8501 International Boulevard, in Oakland, for his own personal gain, according to charges filed by Inspector James Taranto, of the Alameda County District Attorney's office!

  AC Transit executive charged with stealing $560,000 from church funds  By Lynda Carson - April 16, 2014  Oakland - Lewis Green Clinton Jr., of Vallejo has been arrested on suspicion of ripping off over $500,000 of funds from the Allen Temple Baptist Church in East Oakland. Funds that were meant to assist seniors and the disabled for their housing needs.    AC Transit's chief financial officer, Lewis Green Clinton Jr., has been charged with ripping off $560,000 from the Allen Temple Baptist Church located at 8501 International Boulevard, in Oakland, for his own personal gain, according to charges filed by Inspector James Taranto, of the Alameda County District Attorney's office.  According to public records signed and dated on April 10, 2014, by Inspector James Taranto, Lewis Green Clinton Jr. (age 57), has been charged with four counts of grand theft for allegedly ripping off funds from the 5,000-member Allen Temple Baptist Church. Clinton was a member of the church and was also a board member on three different boards of the church, which left him in a position to allegedly steal around $560,000 in funds from the church for personal gain, according to Inspector Taranto.  Clinton is presently free on $100,000 bail after being arraigned Monday at the Hayward Hall of Justice, and was placed on indefinite administrative leave from AC Transit on the same day, Monday April 14, 2014. It's been reported that Clinton was payed $279,000 in total compensation during 2012, by AC Transit. Clinton is due back in court next month.           Allen Temple Baptist Church, is a large religious organization located in East Oakland, and through the years it has created organizations through which it provides housing and delivers other services to low- and moderate-income persons in the local community. The church was originally organized in 1919 as a Northern Baptist mission by the Reverend J.L. Allen, who may be rolling over in his grave at this moment about what has been happening at his church lately.  The last 990 federal tax filing for the Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO) is for 2011, and the records show that Lewis Clinton is listed as the principal officer of the organization. The gross receipts for 2011 were $548,405, and $532,870 is listed as coming in from grants, fees, and contracts. Their total assets during 2011 was $77,388, and their total liabilities for 2011 were $110,593, leaving them $33,000 in the hole.   Records show that $215,384 was spent on salaries, other compensation, and employee benefits. It also reports that $179,387 was used as compensation for current officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, and that $15,546 was spent on other employee benefits. Other expenses were listed as $291,200. Accounting expenses cost $11,601 for the year, $19,377 went for office expenses, and $10,921 was used for travel expenses.  Board expenses were $19,569 for the 2011, and $171,424 was spent on program development training. Telephone and utilities cost $8,109, and rent cost $8,000 for the organization.    The tax filing listed El Rifai Reem as the executive director of the organization in 2011, with a wage compensation of $71,740. Lewis Clinton is listed as the president, John Harrison is listed as the secretary, Olu Bereola is listed as a director, George Elliott is listed as director, and Kevin Ross is listed as the treasurer.  The assets for Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO) in 2011 were listed as $77,388, and in 2010 the assets were listed as $143,459. Another 990 tax filing for 2010 lists their assets as $72,103. In 2009 the assets were listed as $252,470. The 2011 990 tax filing does not mention anything about the organization developing housing for seniors or the disabled, even though the website for Allen Temple Baptist Church claims that they have developed 90 units of housing for seniors and the disabled. It states on the 2011 990 tax filing that the mission or most significant activities of the organization are to raise the economic, educational and social levels of the residents of Alameda County.        Funds Ripped Off From Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO)     The Allen Temple Housing and Economic Development Corporation (ATHEDCO) has developed, operated and maintained 90 units of low-income housing for seniors and disabled persons who have become disabled due to the HIV/AIDS virus, according to the website for the church, but not mentioned in their 2011 990 federal tax filing.    According to public records from the DA's office, Clinton solely owned and controlled an entity called Eagle Asset Management (EAM). However, according to records with the Secretary of State of California, as of April 16, 2014, there are two corporations named Eagle Asset Management, Inc, as doing business in California. Regarding their status, one of them is listed as forfeited, and the other is listed as suspended. Neither of the corporations listed with the Secretary of State listed Clinton as the agent for service of process.  Additionally, a search of the records of the California Board of Accountancy on April 16, 2014, did not turn up a listing or any records for Lewis Green Clinton Jr., as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in California, or elsewhere, even though he is the chief financial officer for AC Transit.      According to the charges leveled against Clinton, between April 1, 2007 and November 22, 2012, Clinton illegally diverted to his Eagle Asset Management, Inc. (EAM) account, over $400,000 in funds acquired from the sale of cell phone tower rights, from church bank accounts.   Between March 1, 2008, and February 8, 2013, Clinton improperly took approximately $66,000 from some Wells Fargo accounts belonging to ATHEDCO. These amounts were withdrawn in the form of debit card purchases and ATM withdrawals.  Between October 1, 2008, and January 31, 2011, Clinton also illegally diverted to his EAM account over $100,000 in funds held by ATHEDCO at the Alliant Credit Union, according to records.  The District Attorney's office (DA) believes that the evidence reveals that Clinton used the EAM account for his own personal expenses including among other things mortgage payments on his home, loan payments, tuition payments for private school for his children, purchase of at least one luxury automobile, golf club membership, and personal real estate tax payments.   According to public records, with the possible exception of improper ATM withdrawals, these thefts have not been discovered until March of 2013, after a shortage of operating capital at ATHEDCO prompted an investigation. The improper use of debits cards was discovered around December 2012, after a bookkeeper   began to notice a pattern of improper ATM withdrawals. In previous years, a church official noticed relatively high board expenses, but she was assured by Clinton that this was not a problem, and that nothing was inappropriate.  Clinton held a high position of trust within the community and the corporations involved with the church, which explains why the thefts were not detected sooner, according to the DA's office.  AC Transit records dated November 13, 2013, show that Lewis Green Clinton Jr., flew to Chicago for the APTA Annual Conference on 9/28/2013 and flew back on 10/2/2013, at a total cost of $2,485.17. The trip was funded by the District Operating Program. The nature of the expenses were for ground transportation ($70.00); Lodging ($904.44); Per Diem ($319.50); Airfare ($371.00); Conference Fee ($800.00); Mileage ($66.67); Miscellaneous (-$46.44).       Lynda Carson may be reached at tenantsrule [at] yahoo.com   




Add Your Comments



Comments 
		(Hide Comments)




§Update: On Lewis Green Clinton Jr., Court Date & background info...
by Lynda Carson

Tuesday Apr 22nd, 2014 2:09 AM 


Update: On Lewis Green Clinton Jr., Court Date & background info...  For those of you following this case in which Lewis G. Clinton Jr., has been charged with ripping off more than $560,000 in church funds meant to assist seniors and AID's patients in their housing needs.  Lewis Green Clinton Jr., who is free on $100,000 bail, and is scheduled to return to court on May 21 to enter a plea.  Is it possible that Lewis G Clinton Jr., is intentionally targeting churches to exploit?  Further below is information that allegedly claims that Lewis G Clinton Jr., is a partner in a corporation called Clearinghouse Capital Partners to assist churches at risk of foreclosure. However, a search of corporations doing business in california reveals that Clearinghouse Capital Partners is not listed as a corporation in California.  Lynda Carson  tenantsrule [at] yahoo.com   >>>>>>  >>>>>>  >>>>>>  Home address & phone number  Lewis G Clinton (Age 57)  1169 Songwood Rd  Vallejo, CA 94591  (707) 649-9736  Hiddenbrooke Golf Club  http://www.hiddenbrookegolf.com/join  1169 Songwood Rd, "Hiddenbrooke Golf Club" Vallejo, CA 94591- 3839  >>>>>>  >>>>>>  >>>>>>  According to AC Transit...  http://www.actransit.org/about-us/executive-team/  Lewis G. Clinton, Jr., Chief Financial Officer. Lewis has served as the District’s CFO since 2008, and serves as a Trustee for the AC Transit Retirement Board. His experience includes over 25 years in the financial services industry, working in commercial banking, investment banking and providing financial advisory services. Over the past 15 years his focus has been transit finance and transit operations. He held previous positions as Managing Principal and Senior Managing Consultant with Eagle Asset Management, (EAM) and Public Financial Management, Inc. (PFM) respectively. Lewis has a Master of Business Administration degree from Babcock Graduate School at Wake Forest University, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from North Carolina A&T State University.  >>>>>>>  >>>>>>>  >>>>>>>  Lewis Green Clinton Jr.  AC Transit claims that Lewis Green Clinton Jr., held previous positions as Managing Principal and Senior Managing Consultant with Eagle Asset Management, (EAM) and Public Financial Management, Inc. (PFM) respectively.  According to public records with the Secretary of State, the status of the two listings for Eagle Asset Management, (EAM) is forfeited and suspended, and Public Financial Management, Inc. (PFM), is only allowed to do business in Pennsylvania.    PUBLIC FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC.  Entity Number:  C1585055  Date Filed:  04/23/1987  Status:  ACTIVE  Jurisdiction:  PENNSYLVANIA  Entity Address:  2 LOGAN SQ STE 1600  Entity City, State, Zip:  PHILADELPHIA PA 19103-2770  Agent for Service of Process:  REGISTERED AGENT SOLUTIONS, INC.  Agent Address:  1220 S ST STE 150  Agent City, State, Zip:  SACRAMENTO CA 95811  >>>>>>>  >>>>>>>  >>>>>>>  (Lewis G. Clinton Jr., is also a partner in the corporation called the Clearinghouse Capital Partners)  A search of the public records with the Secretary of State of California does not have any listings for a corporation in California doing business under the name of Clearinghouse Capital Partners or Church Refi Specialist.   Clearinghouse Capital Partners Announces An Expansion of Financial Services to Faith-Based Organizations  http://www.i-newswire.com/ReleasePrint/246620  Vallejo, CA (I-Newswire) October 30, 2013  The team at Clearinghouse Capital Partners is led by Kenneth Lewis (president) and Lewis G. Clinton, Jr., with an advisory board composed of Consuelo Lewis (CEO, CFO, Partner, Real Estate Broker), Katrina Lunsford (Consultant), and Reginald Mason (Attorney at Law). Between Kenneth Lewis, Consuelo Lewis and Lewis G. Clinton, Jr., the team has over 30 years of experience in financial management. Kenneth Lewis has successfully repositioned loans with top financial institutions such as Bank of America and PNC Bank, all the while keeping the client's interests at heart. On his part, Lewis G. Clinton, Jr. is the CFO for the Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District, a position that has helped him use his knowledge and expertise in capital markets and financial management to provide financial advice and strategies to numerous organizations.  For more information on the new services, email Clearinghouse Capital Partners at kenneth [at] churchrefispecialist.com.  http://churchrefispecialist.com/  info [at] churchrefispecialist.com  lewis [at] churchrefispecialist.com  >>>>>>>  >>>>>>>  >>>>>>>  Lewis Green Clinton Jr.   http://www.zoominfo.com/  Lewis Green Clinton Jr., is the CFO for AC Transit, asides from being with Allen Temple Baptist Church, Clearinghouse Capital Partners, and apparently a member of the Hiddenbrooke Golf Club, in Vallejo.    AC Transit   1600 Franklin Street  Oakland, California 94612  United States  Company Description: AC Transit is one of the largest transit agencies in California, serving over 64 million passengers a year throughout a 360-square mile region. For more than 45...   more  Background  Employment History  	•	Senior Managing Consultant  •	Public Financial Management , Inc.  •	Managing Principal and Senior Managing Consultant  •	Public Financial Management , Inc.  •	Chief Financial Officer  •	District  •	Managing Principal and Senior Managing Consultant  •	Eagle Asset Management , Inc.  Board Memberships and Affiliations  •	Trustee for the Transit Retirement Board  •	AC Transit  Education  •	Bachelor of Science degree , Business Administration  •	North Carolina A&T State University  •	Master of Business Administration degree  •	Babcock Graduate School at Wake Forest University  Lewis G. Clinton, Jr., Chief ...  http://www.actransit.org, 4 Oct 2013 [cached]  Lewis G. Clinton, Jr., Chief Financial Officer. Lewis has served as the District's CFO since 2008, and serves as a Trustee for the AC Transit Retirement Board. His experience includes over 25 years in the financial services industry, working in commercial banking, investment banking and providing financial advisory services. Over the past 15 years his focus has been transit finance and transit operations. He held previous positions as Managing Principal and Senior Managing Consultant with Eagle Asset Management, (EAM) and Public Financial Management, Inc. (PFM) respectively. Lewis has a Master of Business Administration degree from Babcock Graduate School at Wake Forest University, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from North Carolina A&T State University.  Public Financial Management  http://www.naipfa.com, 25 Feb 2010 [cached]  Lewis Clinton, Senior Managing Consultant  Retirement Board | AC Transit  http://www.actransit.com, 24 Oct 2012 [cached]  Lewis G. Clinton, Trustee  AC Transit | About AC Transit | Facts and Figures | Budget  http://www.actransit.org, 16 Mar 2009 [cached]  Lewis Clinton, Jr. Chief Financial Officer  Lewis Clinton, chief ...  http://www.dailycal.org, 13 Sept 2010 [cached]  Lewis Clinton, chief financial officer of AC Transit, said at the meeting that the approved June budget had been balanced and that staff have begun to move forward under its outlined constraints. He added that having to make changes in response to the court's order was a setback.   




Add a Comment





§Clearinghouse Capital Partners NOT associated with Lewis Green Clinton, Jr.
by Consuelo Lewis

Thursday Mar 10th, 2016 9:37 AM 


Mr. Lewis Green Clinton, Jr., is a neighbor and was never a partner or officer with Clearinghouse Capital Partners, (a fictitious business).  He was being considered as a subcontractor who could offer Financial services, but that was before we found out about his alleged accusation.  Our Newswire to include him as a partner was released prematurely.  He never did any work or received any income from our business.




Add a Comment







© 2000–2017 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center.
Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for
non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and
elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not
necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC.
Disclaimer |
Copyright Policy |
Privacy |
Contact |
Source Code











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip




















SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 












Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























  Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
 - YouTube 


 
  



























































































 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch
 



 
      Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
    
 Videos
 Playlists
 Channels
 Discussion
 About
 

 












            Home
          










            Trending
          










            History
          










            Get YouTube Red
          










            Get YouTube TV
          











      Best of YouTube
    




 










            Music
          







 










            Sports
          







 










            Gaming
          







 










            Movies
          







 










            TV Shows
          







 










            News
          







 










            Live
          







 










            Spotlight
          







 










            360° Video
          

















            Browse channels
          










      Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
    

Sign in
























































 





Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    




















































          Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
        














Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™




SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe494 












Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    




















Home


Videos


Playlists


Channels


Discussion


About

























Clinton A Lewis Jr - Las Vegas Real Estate Investor / Internet Marketing Professional



          344 views
        

            2 years ago
          



          (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://ClintonALewisJr.com/... Who is Clinton A. Lewis Jr?Clinton A. Lewis Jr. was born to achieve great things…as he would strive to help others do the same. He is a former law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, & military combat veteran. He is originally from New Orleans, Louisiana; and began investing in Real Estate in the early 2000's while residing in the State of Texas. Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor’s degree in Criminal and Social Justice…with a concentration in Civil Law. He has 16 years of civilian Law Enforcement experience (Federal, State, and Municipal) and 12 years in the United States military (Marine Corps, Army, and Coast Guard), where his functions included (but were not limited to) tactical warfare, counter narcotics, and anti-terrorism investigations.After experiencing health issues, he became disabled retired and decided to take a more “laid back” approach to life by working as a Real Estate Agent. In doing so, Clinton was able to utilize his investment knowledge and people skills to assist those within the crumbling Las Vegas market...specializing in the online Real Estate Marketing niche. Before long, he began to realize that he became pretty good at it and was able to earn a full time income by working online as an Online Internet Marketer. http://www.ClintonALewisJr.comClinton is currently seeking to assist serious individuals within the Online Marketing niche, as well as others interested in investing in Real Estate.  He works from home & various locations throughout the world. He has little family and no children, giving him an enormous amount of time to dedicate to what he loves most - helping others through his own example. He is a team player and is always looking forward to taking upon new projects which benefit his future success, as well as that of others.Need help growing your business?Book an appointment today:http://ClintonALewisJr.com/...

Show less
          


Read more
        
















Popular uploads


Play all








 







 4:41

Play nextPlay now






Night time Affirmations - Sleep with this on - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 4 minutes, 41 seconds.

25,700 views3 years ago 









 







 6:20

Play nextPlay now






DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You! - Duration: 6 minutes, 20 seconds.

6,227 views3 years ago 









 







 11:19

Play nextPlay now






Russell Brunson's List Hacking Process - Duration: 11 minutes.

4,719 views2 years ago 









 







 1:17

Play nextPlay now






Drew on the Matt Lloyd Scam (MOBE-MTTB) - Duration: 77 seconds.

3,924 views3 years ago 









 







 14:06

Play nextPlay now






List Hacking - Russell Brunson #3 - Secrets - Duration: 14 minutes.

3,210 views2 years ago 









 







 20:00

Play nextPlay now






Russell Brunson - Superhero Blackbox Funnel - Casestudy - Duration: 20 minutes.

2,832 views2 years ago 









 







 2:10

Play nextPlay now






Riu Palace Costa Rica - All Inclusive Resort - Platinum Mastermind - 2014 (MOBE) - Duration: 2 minutes, 10 seconds.

2,411 views3 years ago 









 







 16:32

Play nextPlay now






Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System - Mack - Duration: 16 minutes.

2,239 views2 years ago 









 







 58:15

Play nextPlay now






Dubli Network Cash Back Rewards Program - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 58 minutes.

1,990 views2 years ago 









 







 8:41

Play nextPlay now






How to make money online - Work at home! - What Is "My Online Business Empire" - M.O.B.E.? - Duration: 8 minutes, 41 seconds.

1,856 views3 years ago 









 







 5:09

Play nextPlay now






Is My Online Business Empire (M.O.B.E.) A Scam?  You Decide... - Duration: 5 minutes, 9 seconds.

1,817 views3 years ago 









 







 3:18

Play nextPlay now






Project Payday - Mack Zidan - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 3 minutes, 18 seconds.

1,693 views2 years ago 








View 100+ more





 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Created playlists





















251 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Liked videos - Playlist



          Updated yesterday
        





4:44



              2009 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class
            




0:42



              Ann Hampton Callaway
            





View full playlist (251 videos)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







mon - Playlist



2:04



              Fences monologue "like me" - Travon McEntyre
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







monologues - Playlist



2:04



              Fences monologue "like me" - Travon McEntyre
            




2:14



              FENCES Clip: HOW COME YOU AIN'T NEVER LIKED ME?
            




6:16



              LA's 10th Annual 1Minute Monologue Contest, Best Male Actor Performance
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























2 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Uber - Playlist


View full playlist (2 videos)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Athena Rosen - Playlist



1:12



              Athena Gets Her New Bike
            




3:22



              Athena For Halloween
            




0:10



              Athena Plays Tarzan
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







Four Corners - Playlist



30:51



              The Four Corners Alliance Group - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







Empower Network - Playlist



39:55



              Join The 21 Day Blogging Challenge - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























3 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Las Vegas Real Estate - Playlist



1:42



              LVPropertySearch.com - Las Vegas Investment Properties - Real Estate
            




0:24



              LVLeaseOptions.com - Las Vegas Rent To Own Homes
            





View full playlist (3 videos)
      























6 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







The Infinite Leverage System - Playlist



24:44



              Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System
            




24:44



              Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System
            




25:40



              Six Step Formula - Click Brilliance - Infinite Leverage System
            





View full playlist (6 videos)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Robotic Vids - Playlist



0:36



              The TRUTH About Overnight Success! - Infinite Leverage System
            




0:40



              7 Day Trial - Build Your Downline, Create Duplication, Generate Unlimited Traffic To Your Offers...
            




0:34



              5 Hard To Swallow Life Changing TRUTHS...
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























2 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Easiest Sales System - Playlist



5:05



              Easiest Sales System
            




2:47



              Easiest Sales System - Intro
            





View full playlist (2 videos)
      























20 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Russell Brunson - Dot Com Secrets - Playlist



5:34



              List Hacking - Russell Brunson #1 - Intro
            




11:19



              Russell Brunson's List Hacking Process
            




7:24



              List Hacking - Russell Brunson #2 - Junk Mail
            





View full playlist (20 videos)
      





 


View 12 more



Show more






This item has been hidden










Liked videos


Play all








 







 4:44

Play nextPlay now






2009 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class - Duration: 4 minutes, 44 seconds.
Mercedes-Benz Eldorado

3,431 views4 years ago 









 







 0:42

Play nextPlay now






Ann Hampton Callaway - Duration: 42 seconds.
The Smith Center

14 views1 week ago 









 







 0:36

Play nextPlay now






On The Drive - Duration: 36 seconds.
The 13th Way Video Productions

5 views1 week ago 









 







 11:24

Play nextPlay now






How to Become a Millionaire in 3 Years or Less? - Duration: 11 minutes.
YBNLLC

732,911 views9 months ago 









 







 6:33

Play nextPlay now






HOW TO BECOME A MILLIONAIRE WITH $5 A DAY - Duration: 6 minutes, 33 seconds.
Ryan Scribner

578,744 views3 weeks ago 
CC









 







 8:26

Play nextPlay now






Must See! 2 Bankruptcies/Student Loan, everything removed in 30 days Equifax #gizzycredit - Duration: 8 minutes, 26 seconds.
Breakthrough Business Concepts Inc.

2,043 views4 months ago 









 







 1:10

Play nextPlay now






How long do tradelines last? | Superior Tradelines, LLC explains it. - Duration: 70 seconds.
Superior Tradelines

1,064 views5 months ago 









 







 9:12

Play nextPlay now






Authorized User Tradelines That Will Boost Your Credit FAST - Duration: 9 minutes, 12 seconds.
roclikewhat

17,213 views5 months ago 









 







 11:13

Play nextPlay now






Boost Your Credit Score To 800+ In 45 Days With AU Tradelines - Duration: 11 minutes.
roclikewhat

63,198 views8 months ago 









 







 5:20

Play nextPlay now






Credit Repair: This Sneaky Trick Raises Your Credit Score Legally and Quickly - Duration: 5 minutes, 20 seconds.
CreditRepairBook

373,020 views7 years ago 









 







 2:08

Play nextPlay now






Why "Credit Repair" is MISLEADING - Frank Kriticos - Duration: 2 minutes, 8 seconds.
San Diego CreditSolutions

5,959 views3 years ago 









 







 1:00

Play nextPlay now






1 Major Credit Mistake - Frank Kriticos - Duration: 60 seconds.
San Diego Credit Solutions, LLC

8 views4 months ago 








View all





 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Testimonials - My Online Business Empire


Play all


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comHere how our members have created SUCCESS in such a VERY SHORT TIME!!!If you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportunity to earn good money and receive FREE ALL EXPENSES PAID trips around the world...and a BRAND NEW Mercedes Benz if you're a Top Earner! If you fail at this program, think its full of BS, or simply lose FAITH in yourself, we will give you $500 DOLLARS to go away...what do you have to lose? Sign up here and change YOUR life FOREVER: http://www.myonlinebusinessempire.com/go/aJ6EEc/df14e773/...JUST WATCH THE VIDEOS OR CLICK THE LINK ABOVE:
    




 







 4:55

Play nextPlay now






Arwin Makes a $1,250 Commission - My Top Tier Business MOBE - Duration: 4 minutes, 55 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


1 year ago67 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewisjr.com- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of d...
    








 







 5:44

Play nextPlay now






MOBE Case Study Raena Lynn Diamond Member - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 5 minutes, 44 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago56 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://clintonalewisjr.com/earn-income-online/my-online-b...- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, you...
    








 







 1:09

Play nextPlay now






Andrea Goodsaid - IM Revolution - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 69 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago32 views 


        (LIKE & SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://clintonalewisjr.com/get-information/im-revolution









 







 7:33

Play nextPlay now






MOBE MOTORS | Clinton A. Lewis Jr. is awarded the MOBE Mercedes-Benz | My Online Business Education - Duration: 7 minutes, 33 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


3 years ago767 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mobemotors.clintonalewisjr.com/- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of dollars...
    








 







 4:12

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - David - Duration: 4 minutes, 12 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago13 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 4:34

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Carolina - Duration: 4 minutes, 34 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago8 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 5:02

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - John Chow - Duration: 5 minutes, 2 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago25 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 2:39

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Mitchell - Duration: 2 minutes, 39 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago6 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 6:09

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Terry - Duration: 6 minutes, 9 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago4 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 4:15

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Larry - Duration: 4 minutes, 15 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago32 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 3:26

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Shivinder - Duration: 3 minutes, 26 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago4 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 5:35

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Samith - Duration: 5 minutes, 35 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago7 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    




 


View 30+ more



Show more






This item has been hidden










Motivational Videos


Play all


        (LIKE & SUBSCRIBE to this YouTube Channel)http://www.ClintonALewisJr.comClinton A. Lewis Jr. was born to achieve great things...as he would strive to help others do the same. He is a former law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, & military combat veteran.Mr. Lewis is originally from New Orleans, Louisiana, and began investing in Real Estate while residing in the State of Texas. After experiencing health issues, he became disabled retired and decided to take a more "laid back" approach to life by working as an Internet Marketer. In doing so, he was able to utilize his investment knowledge and people skills to assist those within the Online Industry niche.He now lives in the beautiful City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and specializes in finding sound investment opportunities for others. Clinton is a team player and is always looking forward to taking upon new projects which benefit his future success, as well as that of others.http://Contact.ClintonALewisJr.com








 







 6:20

Play nextPlay now






DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You! - Duration: 6 minutes, 20 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

6,227 views3 years ago 









 







 8:53

Play nextPlay now






The Most Motivating Video for Success (MOBE) - Duration: 8 minutes, 53 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

122 views3 years ago 









 







 8:56

Play nextPlay now






Be Fearless! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 8 minutes, 56 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

37 views3 years ago 









 







 6:22

Play nextPlay now






Never Give Up! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 6 minutes, 22 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

62 views3 years ago 









 







 2:02

Play nextPlay now






You can do this! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 2 minutes, 2 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

36 views3 years ago 









 







 9:21

Play nextPlay now






Les Brown - Its Possible! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 9 minutes, 21 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

338 views3 years ago 









 







 1:17

Play nextPlay now






Motivation is KEY! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 77 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

63 views3 years ago 









 







 2:44

Play nextPlay now






You are Limitless! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 2 minutes, 44 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

53 views3 years ago 









 







 6:38

Play nextPlay now






SPEAK money into your life! - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 6 minutes, 38 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

1,482 views3 years ago 









 







 4:41

Play nextPlay now






Night time Affirmations - Sleep with this on - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 4 minutes, 41 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

25,700 views3 years ago 









 







 7:23

Play nextPlay now






The Best Motivational Video (A Must See) - MOBE - Duration: 7 minutes, 23 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

50 views3 years ago 









 







 5:51

Play nextPlay now






How Bad Do You Want Success? - Duration: 5 minutes, 51 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

56 views3 years ago 








View 5 more





 

 









This item has been hidden










Featured Channels









 










The 5 Minute Mogul System - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe30 







 










LV PropertySearch - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe82 







 










Brain Trust - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe34 







 










Vincent Keele - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe60 







 










Cynthia Frankart - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe12 







 










EPIC MOBE - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe17 







 










TheDivaMom69 - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe62 







 










katya vant hof - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe8 







 










MOBE - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe19 







 










Duane Plaskett - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe4 






 

 









This item has been hidden









        Featured Channels
    




 










LV PropertySearch - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Cynthia Frankart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Vincent Keele - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










katya vant hof - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










EPIC MOBE - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










MOBE - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Duane Plaskett - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Brain Trust - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 









        Popular channels
    




 










Jake Paul - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Logan Paul Vlogs - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Lance Stewart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Ryan ToysReview - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Guava Juice - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Brave Wilderness - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 












  Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
 - YouTube 


 
  



























































































 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch
 



 
      Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
    
 Videos
 Playlists
 Channels
 Discussion
 About
 

 












            Home
          










            Trending
          










            History
          










            Get YouTube Red
          










            Get YouTube TV
          











      Best of YouTube
    




 










            Music
          







 










            Sports
          







 










            Gaming
          







 










            Movies
          







 










            TV Shows
          







 










            News
          







 










            Live
          







 










            Spotlight
          







 










            360° Video
          

















            Browse channels
          










      Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
    

Sign in
























































 





Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    




















































          Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
        














Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™




SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe494 












Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    




















Home


Videos


Playlists


Channels


Discussion


About

























Clinton A Lewis Jr - Las Vegas Real Estate Investor / Internet Marketing Professional



          344 views
        

            2 years ago
          



          (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://ClintonALewisJr.com/... Who is Clinton A. Lewis Jr?Clinton A. Lewis Jr. was born to achieve great things…as he would strive to help others do the same. He is a former law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, & military combat veteran. He is originally from New Orleans, Louisiana; and began investing in Real Estate in the early 2000's while residing in the State of Texas. Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor’s degree in Criminal and Social Justice…with a concentration in Civil Law. He has 16 years of civilian Law Enforcement experience (Federal, State, and Municipal) and 12 years in the United States military (Marine Corps, Army, and Coast Guard), where his functions included (but were not limited to) tactical warfare, counter narcotics, and anti-terrorism investigations.After experiencing health issues, he became disabled retired and decided to take a more “laid back” approach to life by working as a Real Estate Agent. In doing so, Clinton was able to utilize his investment knowledge and people skills to assist those within the crumbling Las Vegas market...specializing in the online Real Estate Marketing niche. Before long, he began to realize that he became pretty good at it and was able to earn a full time income by working online as an Online Internet Marketer. http://www.ClintonALewisJr.comClinton is currently seeking to assist serious individuals within the Online Marketing niche, as well as others interested in investing in Real Estate.  He works from home & various locations throughout the world. He has little family and no children, giving him an enormous amount of time to dedicate to what he loves most - helping others through his own example. He is a team player and is always looking forward to taking upon new projects which benefit his future success, as well as that of others.Need help growing your business?Book an appointment today:http://ClintonALewisJr.com/...

Show less
          


Read more
        
















Popular uploads


Play all








 







 4:41

Play nextPlay now






Night time Affirmations - Sleep with this on - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 4 minutes, 41 seconds.

25,700 views3 years ago 









 







 6:20

Play nextPlay now






DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You! - Duration: 6 minutes, 20 seconds.

6,227 views3 years ago 









 







 11:19

Play nextPlay now






Russell Brunson's List Hacking Process - Duration: 11 minutes.

4,719 views2 years ago 









 







 1:17

Play nextPlay now






Drew on the Matt Lloyd Scam (MOBE-MTTB) - Duration: 77 seconds.

3,924 views3 years ago 









 







 14:06

Play nextPlay now






List Hacking - Russell Brunson #3 - Secrets - Duration: 14 minutes.

3,210 views2 years ago 









 







 20:00

Play nextPlay now






Russell Brunson - Superhero Blackbox Funnel - Casestudy - Duration: 20 minutes.

2,832 views2 years ago 









 







 2:10

Play nextPlay now






Riu Palace Costa Rica - All Inclusive Resort - Platinum Mastermind - 2014 (MOBE) - Duration: 2 minutes, 10 seconds.

2,411 views3 years ago 









 







 16:32

Play nextPlay now






Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System - Mack - Duration: 16 minutes.

2,239 views2 years ago 









 







 58:15

Play nextPlay now






Dubli Network Cash Back Rewards Program - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 58 minutes.

1,990 views2 years ago 









 







 8:41

Play nextPlay now






How to make money online - Work at home! - What Is "My Online Business Empire" - M.O.B.E.? - Duration: 8 minutes, 41 seconds.

1,856 views3 years ago 









 







 5:09

Play nextPlay now






Is My Online Business Empire (M.O.B.E.) A Scam?  You Decide... - Duration: 5 minutes, 9 seconds.

1,817 views3 years ago 









 







 3:18

Play nextPlay now






Project Payday - Mack Zidan - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 3 minutes, 18 seconds.

1,693 views2 years ago 








View 100+ more





 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Created playlists





















251 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Liked videos - Playlist



          Updated yesterday
        





4:44



              2009 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class
            




0:42



              Ann Hampton Callaway
            





View full playlist (251 videos)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







mon - Playlist



2:04



              Fences monologue "like me" - Travon McEntyre
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







monologues - Playlist



2:04



              Fences monologue "like me" - Travon McEntyre
            




2:14



              FENCES Clip: HOW COME YOU AIN'T NEVER LIKED ME?
            




6:16



              LA's 10th Annual 1Minute Monologue Contest, Best Male Actor Performance
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























2 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Uber - Playlist


View full playlist (2 videos)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Athena Rosen - Playlist



1:12



              Athena Gets Her New Bike
            




3:22



              Athena For Halloween
            




0:10



              Athena Plays Tarzan
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







Four Corners - Playlist



30:51



              The Four Corners Alliance Group - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







Empower Network - Playlist



39:55



              Join The 21 Day Blogging Challenge - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























3 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Las Vegas Real Estate - Playlist



1:42



              LVPropertySearch.com - Las Vegas Investment Properties - Real Estate
            




0:24



              LVLeaseOptions.com - Las Vegas Rent To Own Homes
            





View full playlist (3 videos)
      























6 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







The Infinite Leverage System - Playlist



24:44



              Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System
            




24:44



              Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System
            




25:40



              Six Step Formula - Click Brilliance - Infinite Leverage System
            





View full playlist (6 videos)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Robotic Vids - Playlist



0:36



              The TRUTH About Overnight Success! - Infinite Leverage System
            




0:40



              7 Day Trial - Build Your Downline, Create Duplication, Generate Unlimited Traffic To Your Offers...
            




0:34



              5 Hard To Swallow Life Changing TRUTHS...
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























2 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Easiest Sales System - Playlist



5:05



              Easiest Sales System
            




2:47



              Easiest Sales System - Intro
            





View full playlist (2 videos)
      























20 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Russell Brunson - Dot Com Secrets - Playlist



5:34



              List Hacking - Russell Brunson #1 - Intro
            




11:19



              Russell Brunson's List Hacking Process
            




7:24



              List Hacking - Russell Brunson #2 - Junk Mail
            





View full playlist (20 videos)
      





 


View 12 more



Show more






This item has been hidden










Liked videos


Play all








 







 4:44

Play nextPlay now






2009 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class - Duration: 4 minutes, 44 seconds.
Mercedes-Benz Eldorado

3,431 views4 years ago 









 







 0:42

Play nextPlay now






Ann Hampton Callaway - Duration: 42 seconds.
The Smith Center

14 views1 week ago 









 







 0:36

Play nextPlay now






On The Drive - Duration: 36 seconds.
The 13th Way Video Productions

5 views1 week ago 









 







 11:24

Play nextPlay now






How to Become a Millionaire in 3 Years or Less? - Duration: 11 minutes.
YBNLLC

732,911 views9 months ago 









 







 6:33

Play nextPlay now






HOW TO BECOME A MILLIONAIRE WITH $5 A DAY - Duration: 6 minutes, 33 seconds.
Ryan Scribner

578,744 views3 weeks ago 
CC









 







 8:26

Play nextPlay now






Must See! 2 Bankruptcies/Student Loan, everything removed in 30 days Equifax #gizzycredit - Duration: 8 minutes, 26 seconds.
Breakthrough Business Concepts Inc.

2,043 views4 months ago 









 







 1:10

Play nextPlay now






How long do tradelines last? | Superior Tradelines, LLC explains it. - Duration: 70 seconds.
Superior Tradelines

1,064 views5 months ago 









 







 9:12

Play nextPlay now






Authorized User Tradelines That Will Boost Your Credit FAST - Duration: 9 minutes, 12 seconds.
roclikewhat

17,213 views5 months ago 









 







 11:13

Play nextPlay now






Boost Your Credit Score To 800+ In 45 Days With AU Tradelines - Duration: 11 minutes.
roclikewhat

63,198 views8 months ago 









 







 5:20

Play nextPlay now






Credit Repair: This Sneaky Trick Raises Your Credit Score Legally and Quickly - Duration: 5 minutes, 20 seconds.
CreditRepairBook

373,020 views7 years ago 









 







 2:08

Play nextPlay now






Why "Credit Repair" is MISLEADING - Frank Kriticos - Duration: 2 minutes, 8 seconds.
San Diego CreditSolutions

5,959 views3 years ago 









 







 1:00

Play nextPlay now






1 Major Credit Mistake - Frank Kriticos - Duration: 60 seconds.
San Diego Credit Solutions, LLC

8 views4 months ago 








View all





 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Testimonials - My Online Business Empire


Play all


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comHere how our members have created SUCCESS in such a VERY SHORT TIME!!!If you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportunity to earn good money and receive FREE ALL EXPENSES PAID trips around the world...and a BRAND NEW Mercedes Benz if you're a Top Earner! If you fail at this program, think its full of BS, or simply lose FAITH in yourself, we will give you $500 DOLLARS to go away...what do you have to lose? Sign up here and change YOUR life FOREVER: http://www.myonlinebusinessempire.com/go/aJ6EEc/df14e773/...JUST WATCH THE VIDEOS OR CLICK THE LINK ABOVE:
    




 







 4:55

Play nextPlay now






Arwin Makes a $1,250 Commission - My Top Tier Business MOBE - Duration: 4 minutes, 55 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


1 year ago67 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewisjr.com- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of d...
    








 







 5:44

Play nextPlay now






MOBE Case Study Raena Lynn Diamond Member - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 5 minutes, 44 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago56 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://clintonalewisjr.com/earn-income-online/my-online-b...- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, you...
    








 







 1:09

Play nextPlay now






Andrea Goodsaid - IM Revolution - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 69 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago32 views 


        (LIKE & SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://clintonalewisjr.com/get-information/im-revolution









 







 7:33

Play nextPlay now






MOBE MOTORS | Clinton A. Lewis Jr. is awarded the MOBE Mercedes-Benz | My Online Business Education - Duration: 7 minutes, 33 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


3 years ago767 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mobemotors.clintonalewisjr.com/- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of dollars...
    








 







 4:12

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - David - Duration: 4 minutes, 12 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago13 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 4:34

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Carolina - Duration: 4 minutes, 34 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago8 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 5:02

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - John Chow - Duration: 5 minutes, 2 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago25 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 2:39

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Mitchell - Duration: 2 minutes, 39 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago6 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 6:09

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Terry - Duration: 6 minutes, 9 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago4 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 4:15

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Larry - Duration: 4 minutes, 15 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago32 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 3:26

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Shivinder - Duration: 3 minutes, 26 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago4 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 5:35

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Samith - Duration: 5 minutes, 35 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago7 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    




 


View 30+ more



Show more






This item has been hidden










Motivational Videos


Play all


        (LIKE & SUBSCRIBE to this YouTube Channel)http://www.ClintonALewisJr.comClinton A. Lewis Jr. was born to achieve great things...as he would strive to help others do the same. He is a former law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, & military combat veteran.Mr. Lewis is originally from New Orleans, Louisiana, and began investing in Real Estate while residing in the State of Texas. After experiencing health issues, he became disabled retired and decided to take a more "laid back" approach to life by working as an Internet Marketer. In doing so, he was able to utilize his investment knowledge and people skills to assist those within the Online Industry niche.He now lives in the beautiful City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and specializes in finding sound investment opportunities for others. Clinton is a team player and is always looking forward to taking upon new projects which benefit his future success, as well as that of others.http://Contact.ClintonALewisJr.com








 







 6:20

Play nextPlay now






DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You! - Duration: 6 minutes, 20 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

6,227 views3 years ago 









 







 8:53

Play nextPlay now






The Most Motivating Video for Success (MOBE) - Duration: 8 minutes, 53 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

122 views3 years ago 









 







 8:56

Play nextPlay now






Be Fearless! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 8 minutes, 56 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

37 views3 years ago 









 







 6:22

Play nextPlay now






Never Give Up! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 6 minutes, 22 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

62 views3 years ago 









 







 2:02

Play nextPlay now






You can do this! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 2 minutes, 2 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

36 views3 years ago 









 







 9:21

Play nextPlay now






Les Brown - Its Possible! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 9 minutes, 21 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

338 views3 years ago 









 







 1:17

Play nextPlay now






Motivation is KEY! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 77 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

63 views3 years ago 









 







 2:44

Play nextPlay now






You are Limitless! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 2 minutes, 44 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

53 views3 years ago 









 







 6:38

Play nextPlay now






SPEAK money into your life! - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 6 minutes, 38 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

1,482 views3 years ago 









 







 4:41

Play nextPlay now






Night time Affirmations - Sleep with this on - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 4 minutes, 41 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

25,700 views3 years ago 









 







 7:23

Play nextPlay now






The Best Motivational Video (A Must See) - MOBE - Duration: 7 minutes, 23 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

50 views3 years ago 









 







 5:51

Play nextPlay now






How Bad Do You Want Success? - Duration: 5 minutes, 51 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

56 views3 years ago 








View 5 more





 

 









This item has been hidden










Featured Channels









 










The 5 Minute Mogul System - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe30 







 










LV PropertySearch - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe82 







 










Brain Trust - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe34 







 










Vincent Keele - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe60 







 










Cynthia Frankart - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe12 







 










EPIC MOBE - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe17 







 










TheDivaMom69 - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe62 







 










katya vant hof - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe8 







 










MOBE - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe19 







 










Duane Plaskett - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe4 






 

 









This item has been hidden









        Featured Channels
    




 










LV PropertySearch - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Cynthia Frankart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Vincent Keele - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










katya vant hof - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










EPIC MOBE - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










MOBE - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Duane Plaskett - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Brain Trust - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 









        Popular channels
    




 










Jake Paul - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Logan Paul Vlogs - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Lance Stewart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Ryan ToysReview - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Guava Juice - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Brave Wilderness - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 







Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - 首页 | Facebook
















Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介Subscribe to Newsletter点评Send a VoicemailBook an AppointmentGet Paid to ShopDubLi Partnership Program照片What Is MOBE?IM Revolution帖子What Is MTTB?What Is TTI?FREE WebinarFREE WorkshopHome Business SummitFREE MercedesInstagramFollow My TweetsFollow My PinsComing SoonClickFunnelsWork With MeClinton's StoryMy NewsletterPinvolve活动视频网志Masonic StoreDailymotionWelcomeAdd a link!Contact UsStore社群创建主页社群查看全部15,505 位用户赞了14,599 位用户关注了简介全部+1 844-879-6623PartnerWithClinton.com企业家版本信息人气15,505 位用户赞了这个主页赞了LV Property SearchKa Gold JewelryMOBE Mercedes Program - My Online Business Empire MTTB类似主页Evolution, Atheism, and Anti-theism社群Eliane Mahfouz歌手/乐队Big Mouth Toys UK零售公司中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017点评3 条点评你打几分？Patricia Jones · 2016年9月4日Pure motivation to move forward daily towards my dreams.全部帖子Clinton A. Lewis Jr. 分享了视频 — 在 The Signature at MGM Grand · 觉得 enlightened · 2016年7月3日 · 美国 · Nevada · 北拉斯维加斯 · INTERESTING FACTS YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW --- "Wake Up, America...It's Time For A Change!"--- Rationale and statistics:...展开The Most Honest Three Minutes In Televison History - LIKE/COMMENT发布者：Clinton A. Lewis Jr.Clinton A. Lewis Jr. · 觉得获得能力 · 2014年3月31日 · 美国 Arizona · INTERESTING FACTS YOU MAY WANT TO KNOW --- "Wake Up, America...It's Time For A Change!"--- Rationale and statistics:... Most stats taken from http://www.americashealthrankings.org/ and http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/rankings.html (unless otherwise noted) 1. Alabama: highest rate of stroke (3.8 percent) (tied with Oklahoma) 2. Alaska: highest suicide rate (23.6 suicides per 100,000 people in 2004) 3. Arizona: highest rate of alcoholism 4. Arkansas: worst average credit score (636) http://www.talkbusiness.net/…/ARKANSAS-RANKS-LAST-IN-…/1007/ 5. California: most air pollution (15.2 micrograms per cubic meter) 6. Colorado: highest rate of cocaine use per capita (3.9 percent total population) 7. Connecticut: highest rate of breast cancer http://www.statehealthfacts.org/comparemaptable.jsp… 8. Delaware: highest abortion rate (27 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 44) 9. Florida: highest rate of identity theft (122.3 reports per 100,000 people) 10. Georgia: sickly based on highest rate of influenza 11. Hawaii –highest cost of living (tied with California) http://www.cnbc.com/…/States_With_the_Highest_Cost_of_Livin… 12. Idaho – lowest level of Congressional clout http://www.newwest.net/…/roll_call_rocky_mountai…/C559/L559/ 13. Illinois: highest rate of robbery (284.7 incidences per 100,000 people) 14. Indiana: rated the most environmentally unfriendly by NMI solutions http://www.environmentalleader.com/…/indiana-comes-in-last…/ 15. Iowa: highest percentage of people age 85 and older (1.8 percent) (tied with three other states) http://www.statemaster.com/…/peo_per_of_peo_who_are_85_yea_… 16. Kansas: poorest health based on highest average number of limited activity days per month (3.5 days) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hea_lim_act_day_per_mon-limite… 17. Kentucky: most cancer deaths (227 per 100,000 people) (BONUS fact: Kentucky also has the highest rate of tobacco smokers – 25.6 percent) 18. Louisiana: highest rate of gonorrhea (264.4 reported cases per 100,000 people) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hea_gon_rat-health-gonorrhea-r… 19. Maine: dumbest state claim based on lowest average SAT score (1389) http://www.commonwealthfoundation.org/…/2010-sat-scores-by-… 20. Maryland: highest rate of AIDS diagnosis (27.6 people per 100,000 people) http://www.avert.org/usa-states-cities.htm 21. Massachusetts: worst drivers claim based on highest rate of auto accidents http://www.theautochannel.com/news/2002/11/11/150352.html 22. Michigan: highest unemployment rate (13.6 percent) 23. Minnesota: highest number of reported tornadoes (123 in 2010) http://woodbury.kstp.com/…/minnesota-ranks-first-nation-tor… 24. Mississippi: highest rate of obesity (35.3 percent of total population) BONUS facts: Mississippi ranks last in the most number of categories. These include highest rate of child poverty (31.9 percent), highest rate of infant mortality (10.3 percent) lowest median household income ($35,078), highest teen birth rate (71.9 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 19) and highest overall rate of STDs. 25. Missouri: highest rate of bankruptcy (700 out of every 100,000 people) http://www.bcsalliance.com/bankruptcy_statestats.html 26. Montana: highest rate of drunk driving deaths (1.12 deaths per 100 million miles driven) http://helenair.com/…/article_c48ad0a6-bce0-5f69-931e-dc5ca… 27. Nebraska: highest rate of women murdered annually 28. Nevada: highest rate violent crime (702.2 offenses per 100,000 people). BONUS fact: Nevada also has the highest rate of foreclosure (one in 99 houses) 29. New Hampshire: highest rate of corporate taxes http://newhampshire.watchdog.org/…/nh-ranks-last-in-corpor…/ 30. New Jersey: highest rate of citizen taxation (11.8 percent) http://retirementliving.com/RLtaxes.html 31. New Mexico: antisocial claim based on lowest ranking in social heath policies http://www.lasg.org/NMecon05.htm 32. New York: longest average daily commute (30.6 minutes) http://www.statemaster.com/…/lab_mea_tra_tim_to_wor-labor-m… 33. North Carolina: lowest average teacher salary http://www.southernstudies.org/…/north-carolina-ranks-last-… 34. North Dakota: ranked last in ugliest residents report as chosen by The Daily Beast http://www.thedailybeast.com/galleries/1272/1/… 35. Ohio: nerdiest state claim based on highest number of library visits per capita (6.9) http://www.statemaster.com/…/edu_pub_lib_lib_vis_per_cap-li… 36. Oklahoma: highest rate of female incarceration 37. Oregon: highest rate of long-term homeless people 38. Pennsylvania: highest rate of arson deaths (55.56 annually) http://www.statemaster.com/g…/cri_ars_dea-crime-arson-deaths 39. Rhode Island: highest rate of illicit drug use (12.5 percent of population) http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/…/drug-use-across-the-un…/ 40. South Carolina: highest percentage of mobile homes (18.8 percent) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hou_per_of_hou_uni_tha_are_mob… 41. South Dakota: highest rate of forcible rape 76.5 per 100,000 42. Tennessee: chosen most corrupt state by The Daily Beast http://www.thedailybeast.com/…/201…/the-most-corrupt-states/ 43. Texas: lowest high school graduation rate (78.3 percent) http://www.statemaster.com/…/edu_hig_sch_dip_or_hig_by_per-… 44. Utah: highest rate of of online porn subscriptions http://www.deseretnews.com/…/Utah-No-1-in-online-porn-subsc… 45. Vermont: infertility claim based on lowest birth rate of any state (10.6 births per 1,000) (tied with Maine) http://www.statemaster.com/…/hea_bir_rat_per_100-birth-rate… 46. Virginia: highest number of alcohol-related motorcyle deaths http://www.vabiker.net/…/virginia-ranks-last-nationally-in…/ 47. Washington: most cases of bestiality (4 reported in 2010) http://www.pet-abuse.com/…/cr…/statistics/state_ranking.php… 48. West Virginia: highest rate of heart attack (6.5 percent of population) 49. Wisconsin: highest rate of binge drinking (23.2 percent of population) 50. Wyoming: highest rate of deadly car crashes (24.6 deaths per 100,000) http://www.autoinsurancequotealert.com/…/wyoming-leads-nat…/ Clinton A. Lewis Jr. 展开Clinton A. Lewis Jr. · 2016年7月2日 · Ka Gold JewelryA Highly Recommended Spiritual Jewelry DesignerFor anyone who considers the jewelry they wear to be much more than something of beauty, but who understand the power of symbols and intention and seek truly exceptional designs, Ka Gold Jewelry is the best source of spiritual jewelry we have found. In addition to having an incredibly wide assortment of exquisite rings, pendants, and earrings, Ka Gold......展开全部视频DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You!234Las Vegas Supercharge Seminar - 201531Watch As Madea Lays Down The Law!7全部帖子更多


 








My Online Business Education - The Future of MOBE - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - YouTube 


 
  









































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    My Online Business Education - The Future of MOBE - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
  



 










Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe494 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

51 views







1

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    



Published on Apr 21, 2016(LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewi...- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of dollars.People will happily pay $5k, $9k (or more) for valuable, holiday packages in tropical locations.People will pay top dollar for these packages because they are life-changing EXPERIENCES.Rule #1 is to find a company that can make these top tier sales and keep their customers happy by providing great value.My company has these packages in place and we are obsessed with providing as much value as we can.And we’ve done a pretty good job so far.The vast majority of people who’ve attended love our top tier programs.- Find Someone That Can Sell FOR YOUThis business model has been kept from the public up until now, because most people can’t sell top tier programs.The best way to sell these programs is over the phone, but most people never figure out how to do it themselves.They don’t like talking on the phone, they’re scared of selling, or they simply don’t know what to say.And that’s Ok, because selling over the phone is a special skill, and I’ve found some of the best phone sales people in the world to sell these top tier programs FOR YOU.All you have to do is place ads, and my marketing system will turn those leads into sales.Then my phone sales team will close those buyers into top tier programs… and when they do you get Big Paydays.Which bring me to the 3rd rule.- Find A Great Marketing SystemTo convert leads into buyers, you need a proven marketing system.http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewi... 



      Category
    

People & Blogs




      License
    

Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed)




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    M.O.B.E. MOTORS - Get The Vehicle Of Your Dreams!
  

     - Duration: 7:53.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
837 views



7:53














    Don't Sign Up for  MTTB/My Top Tier Business, Before You Watch This Review!
  

     - Duration: 27:56.
  
'Vanicci London'
54,098 views



27:56





    Intro to High Ticket Affiliate Marketing
  

     - Duration: 43:16.
  
JohnRobertsOnlineBusiness
93 views



43:16





    The I.M. Freedom Workshop | MOBE | FREE Small Business Event
  

     - Duration: 5:02.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
1,107 views



5:02





    HOW TO FIND YOUR NICHE MARKET | PITCH TO YOUR NICHE
  

     - Duration: 19:35.
  
Christine Dwyer
3,586 views



19:35





    How To Earn High Ticket Sales & Commissions
  

     - Duration: 55:40.
  
Steph Perez
591 views



55:40





    Bazi Breaks Down his FIRST $100,000 Per Month With CPA Marketing and High Ticket Webinar Replay 2016
  

     - Duration: 1:51:29.
  
Bazi Hassan
4,883 views



1:51:29





    Startup Business Plan - The THREE MOST IMPORTANT steps to starting a new business
  

     - Duration: 5:50.
  
Evan Carmichael
64,654 views



5:50





    $6,500 in 3 days! Tidom, Cash Tracking System, MOBE, business success Alliance April 21 2016
  

     - Duration: 6:55.
  
Spencer Brown
389 views



6:55





    MTTB System Review |  My Top Tier Business Exposed
  

     - Duration: 21:58.
  
skincaresuccess77
1,875 views



21:58





    Mobe review - $1 Million In 331 Days With Mobe?
  

     - Duration: 18:47.
  
Alex B. Freedom
12,393 views



18:47





    8 Benefits With Big Ticket Marketing/Sales | Hawt** Benefits
  

     - Duration: 40:46.
  
Susan Bachelder
622 views



40:46





    Carolina gets a FREE M.O.B.E. Mercedes
  

     - Duration: 7:47.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
319 views



7:47





    How to Create Online Courses for Fun and Profit - Step 1 Audience
  

     - Duration: 1:24:26.
  
Hustler's Kung Fu
944 views



1:24:26





    How to Succeed with CPA Affiliate Marketing | The Nomadic Marketer Interview February 2016
  

     - Duration: 55:45.
  
zerofatzreturns
419 views



55:45





    7 Online Small Business Ideas For A Low Budget Startup
  

     - Duration: 8:15.
  
Justin Bryant
113,284 views



8:15





    Best Affiliate Programs  2016 | Affiliate Marketing
  

     - Duration: 21:15.
  
Paul Collins
60 views



21:15





    How To Make Money Online   Real Way To Make 5000$ Per Month
  

     - Duration: 25:23.
  
How To Make Money Online Fast
1,271 views



25:23





    The future of education
  

     - Duration: 1:34.
  
AFP news agency
28,032 views



1:34





    What Is the Future of Technology in Business, Education: Michael Dell Predictions (2008)
  

     - Duration: 37:11.
  
Way Back
498 views



37:11




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 


 









My Online Business Education - The Future of MOBE - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - YouTube 


 
  









































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    My Online Business Education - The Future of MOBE - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
  



 










Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe494 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

51 views







1

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    



Published on Apr 21, 2016(LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewi...- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of dollars.People will happily pay $5k, $9k (or more) for valuable, holiday packages in tropical locations.People will pay top dollar for these packages because they are life-changing EXPERIENCES.Rule #1 is to find a company that can make these top tier sales and keep their customers happy by providing great value.My company has these packages in place and we are obsessed with providing as much value as we can.And we’ve done a pretty good job so far.The vast majority of people who’ve attended love our top tier programs.- Find Someone That Can Sell FOR YOUThis business model has been kept from the public up until now, because most people can’t sell top tier programs.The best way to sell these programs is over the phone, but most people never figure out how to do it themselves.They don’t like talking on the phone, they’re scared of selling, or they simply don’t know what to say.And that’s Ok, because selling over the phone is a special skill, and I’ve found some of the best phone sales people in the world to sell these top tier programs FOR YOU.All you have to do is place ads, and my marketing system will turn those leads into sales.Then my phone sales team will close those buyers into top tier programs… and when they do you get Big Paydays.Which bring me to the 3rd rule.- Find A Great Marketing SystemTo convert leads into buyers, you need a proven marketing system.http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewi... 



      Category
    

People & Blogs




      License
    

Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed)




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    M.O.B.E. MOTORS - Get The Vehicle Of Your Dreams!
  

     - Duration: 7:53.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
837 views



7:53














    Don't Sign Up for  MTTB/My Top Tier Business, Before You Watch This Review!
  

     - Duration: 27:56.
  
'Vanicci London'
54,098 views



27:56





    Niche Market Examples - Highest Paying Affiliate Offers
  

     - Duration: 1:08:47.
  
affiliatemarketingmc
3,428 views



1:08:47





    Intro to High Ticket Affiliate Marketing
  

     - Duration: 43:16.
  
JohnRobertsOnlineBusiness
93 views



43:16





    The I.M. Freedom Workshop | MOBE | FREE Small Business Event
  

     - Duration: 5:02.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
1,107 views



5:02





    HOW TO FIND YOUR NICHE MARKET | PITCH TO YOUR NICHE
  

     - Duration: 19:35.
  
Christine Dwyer
3,586 views



19:35





    How To Earn High Ticket Sales & Commissions
  

     - Duration: 55:40.
  
Steph Perez
591 views



55:40





    Bazi Breaks Down his FIRST $100,000 Per Month With CPA Marketing and High Ticket Webinar Replay 2016
  

     - Duration: 1:51:29.
  
Bazi Hassan
4,883 views



1:51:29





    Startup Business Plan - The THREE MOST IMPORTANT steps to starting a new business
  

     - Duration: 5:50.
  
Evan Carmichael
64,654 views



5:50





    $6,500 in 3 days! Tidom, Cash Tracking System, MOBE, business success Alliance April 21 2016
  

     - Duration: 6:55.
  
Spencer Brown
389 views



6:55





    MTTB System Review |  My Top Tier Business Exposed
  

     - Duration: 21:58.
  
skincaresuccess77
1,875 views



21:58





    Mobe review - $1 Million In 331 Days With Mobe?
  

     - Duration: 18:47.
  
Alex B. Freedom
12,393 views



18:47





    8 Benefits With Big Ticket Marketing/Sales | Hawt** Benefits
  

     - Duration: 40:46.
  
Susan Bachelder
622 views



40:46





    Carolina gets a FREE M.O.B.E. Mercedes
  

     - Duration: 7:47.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
319 views



7:47





    How to Create Online Courses for Fun and Profit - Step 1 Audience
  

     - Duration: 1:24:26.
  
Hustler's Kung Fu
944 views



1:24:26





    How to Succeed with CPA Affiliate Marketing | The Nomadic Marketer Interview February 2016
  

     - Duration: 55:45.
  
zerofatzreturns
419 views



55:45





    7 Online Small Business Ideas For A Low Budget Startup
  

     - Duration: 8:15.
  
Justin Bryant
113,284 views



8:15





    Best Affiliate Programs  2016 | Affiliate Marketing
  

     - Duration: 21:15.
  
Paul Collins
60 views



21:15





    How To Make Money Online   Real Way To Make 5000$ Per Month
  

     - Duration: 25:23.
  
How To Make Money Online Fast
1,271 views



25:23





    The future of education
  

     - Duration: 1:34.
  
AFP news agency
28,032 views



1:34




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 

 








My Online Business Education - The Future of MOBE - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - YouTube 


 
  









































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    My Online Business Education - The Future of MOBE - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
  



 










Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe494 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

51 views







1

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    



Published on Apr 21, 2016(LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewi...- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of dollars.People will happily pay $5k, $9k (or more) for valuable, holiday packages in tropical locations.People will pay top dollar for these packages because they are life-changing EXPERIENCES.Rule #1 is to find a company that can make these top tier sales and keep their customers happy by providing great value.My company has these packages in place and we are obsessed with providing as much value as we can.And we’ve done a pretty good job so far.The vast majority of people who’ve attended love our top tier programs.- Find Someone That Can Sell FOR YOUThis business model has been kept from the public up until now, because most people can’t sell top tier programs.The best way to sell these programs is over the phone, but most people never figure out how to do it themselves.They don’t like talking on the phone, they’re scared of selling, or they simply don’t know what to say.And that’s Ok, because selling over the phone is a special skill, and I’ve found some of the best phone sales people in the world to sell these top tier programs FOR YOU.All you have to do is place ads, and my marketing system will turn those leads into sales.Then my phone sales team will close those buyers into top tier programs… and when they do you get Big Paydays.Which bring me to the 3rd rule.- Find A Great Marketing SystemTo convert leads into buyers, you need a proven marketing system.http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewi... 



      Category
    

People & Blogs




      License
    

Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed)




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    M.O.B.E. MOTORS - Get The Vehicle Of Your Dreams!
  

     - Duration: 7:53.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
837 views



7:53














    Don't Sign Up for  MTTB/My Top Tier Business, Before You Watch This Review!
  

     - Duration: 27:56.
  
'Vanicci London'
54,098 views



27:56





    Niche Market Examples - Highest Paying Affiliate Offers
  

     - Duration: 1:08:47.
  
affiliatemarketingmc
3,428 views



1:08:47





    Intro to High Ticket Affiliate Marketing
  

     - Duration: 43:16.
  
JohnRobertsOnlineBusiness
93 views



43:16





    The I.M. Freedom Workshop | MOBE | FREE Small Business Event
  

     - Duration: 5:02.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
1,107 views



5:02





    HOW TO FIND YOUR NICHE MARKET | PITCH TO YOUR NICHE
  

     - Duration: 19:35.
  
Christine Dwyer
3,586 views



19:35





    How To Earn High Ticket Sales & Commissions
  

     - Duration: 55:40.
  
Steph Perez
591 views



55:40





    Bazi Breaks Down his FIRST $100,000 Per Month With CPA Marketing and High Ticket Webinar Replay 2016
  

     - Duration: 1:51:29.
  
Bazi Hassan
4,883 views



1:51:29





    Startup Business Plan - The THREE MOST IMPORTANT steps to starting a new business
  

     - Duration: 5:50.
  
Evan Carmichael
64,654 views



5:50





    $6,500 in 3 days! Tidom, Cash Tracking System, MOBE, business success Alliance April 21 2016
  

     - Duration: 6:55.
  
Spencer Brown
389 views



6:55





    MTTB System Review |  My Top Tier Business Exposed
  

     - Duration: 21:58.
  
skincaresuccess77
1,875 views



21:58





    Mobe review - $1 Million In 331 Days With Mobe?
  

     - Duration: 18:47.
  
Alex B. Freedom
12,393 views



18:47





    8 Benefits With Big Ticket Marketing/Sales | Hawt** Benefits
  

     - Duration: 40:46.
  
Susan Bachelder
622 views



40:46





    Carolina gets a FREE M.O.B.E. Mercedes
  

     - Duration: 7:47.
  
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
319 views



7:47





    How to Create Online Courses for Fun and Profit - Step 1 Audience
  

     - Duration: 1:24:26.
  
Hustler's Kung Fu
944 views



1:24:26





    How to Succeed with CPA Affiliate Marketing | The Nomadic Marketer Interview February 2016
  

     - Duration: 55:45.
  
zerofatzreturns
419 views



55:45





    7 Online Small Business Ideas For A Low Budget Startup
  

     - Duration: 8:15.
  
Justin Bryant
113,284 views



8:15





    Best Affiliate Programs  2016 | Affiliate Marketing
  

     - Duration: 21:15.
  
Paul Collins
60 views



21:15





    10K a Month Opportunity
  

     - Duration: 20:59.
  
Mobe Reviews,Testimonials & Affiliate Info
43 views



20:59





    How To Make Money Online   Real Way To Make 5000$ Per Month
  

     - Duration: 25:23.
  
How To Make Money Online Fast
1,271 views



25:23




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 








  Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
 - YouTube 


 
  



























































































 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch
 



 
      Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™
    
 Videos
 Playlists
 Channels
 Discussion
 About
 

 












            Home
          










            Trending
          










            History
          










            Get YouTube Red
          










            Get YouTube TV
          











      Best of YouTube
    




 










            Music
          







 










            Sports
          







 










            Gaming
          







 










            Movies
          







 










            TV Shows
          







 










            News
          







 










            Live
          







 










            Spotlight
          







 










            360° Video
          

















            Browse channels
          










      Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
    

Sign in
























































 





Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    




















































          Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
        














Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™




SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe494 












Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    




















Home


Videos


Playlists


Channels


Discussion


About

























Clinton A Lewis Jr - Las Vegas Real Estate Investor / Internet Marketing Professional



          344 views
        

            2 years ago
          



          (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://ClintonALewisJr.com/... Who is Clinton A. Lewis Jr?Clinton A. Lewis Jr. was born to achieve great things…as he would strive to help others do the same. He is a former law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, & military combat veteran. He is originally from New Orleans, Louisiana; and began investing in Real Estate in the early 2000's while residing in the State of Texas. Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor’s degree in Criminal and Social Justice…with a concentration in Civil Law. He has 16 years of civilian Law Enforcement experience (Federal, State, and Municipal) and 12 years in the United States military (Marine Corps, Army, and Coast Guard), where his functions included (but were not limited to) tactical warfare, counter narcotics, and anti-terrorism investigations.After experiencing health issues, he became disabled retired and decided to take a more “laid back” approach to life by working as a Real Estate Agent. In doing so, Clinton was able to utilize his investment knowledge and people skills to assist those within the crumbling Las Vegas market...specializing in the online Real Estate Marketing niche. Before long, he began to realize that he became pretty good at it and was able to earn a full time income by working online as an Online Internet Marketer. http://www.ClintonALewisJr.comClinton is currently seeking to assist serious individuals within the Online Marketing niche, as well as others interested in investing in Real Estate.  He works from home & various locations throughout the world. He has little family and no children, giving him an enormous amount of time to dedicate to what he loves most - helping others through his own example. He is a team player and is always looking forward to taking upon new projects which benefit his future success, as well as that of others.Need help growing your business?Book an appointment today:http://ClintonALewisJr.com/...

Show less
          


Read more
        
















Popular uploads


Play all








 







 4:41

Play nextPlay now






Night time Affirmations - Sleep with this on - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 4 minutes, 41 seconds.

25,700 views3 years ago 









 







 6:20

Play nextPlay now






DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You! - Duration: 6 minutes, 20 seconds.

6,227 views3 years ago 









 







 11:19

Play nextPlay now






Russell Brunson's List Hacking Process - Duration: 11 minutes.

4,719 views2 years ago 









 







 1:17

Play nextPlay now






Drew on the Matt Lloyd Scam (MOBE-MTTB) - Duration: 77 seconds.

3,924 views3 years ago 









 







 14:06

Play nextPlay now






List Hacking - Russell Brunson #3 - Secrets - Duration: 14 minutes.

3,210 views2 years ago 









 







 20:00

Play nextPlay now






Russell Brunson - Superhero Blackbox Funnel - Casestudy - Duration: 20 minutes.

2,832 views2 years ago 









 







 2:10

Play nextPlay now






Riu Palace Costa Rica - All Inclusive Resort - Platinum Mastermind - 2014 (MOBE) - Duration: 2 minutes, 10 seconds.

2,411 views3 years ago 









 







 16:32

Play nextPlay now






Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System - Mack - Duration: 16 minutes.

2,239 views2 years ago 









 







 58:15

Play nextPlay now






Dubli Network Cash Back Rewards Program - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 58 minutes.

1,990 views2 years ago 









 







 8:41

Play nextPlay now






How to make money online - Work at home! - What Is "My Online Business Empire" - M.O.B.E.? - Duration: 8 minutes, 41 seconds.

1,856 views3 years ago 









 







 5:09

Play nextPlay now






Is My Online Business Empire (M.O.B.E.) A Scam?  You Decide... - Duration: 5 minutes, 9 seconds.

1,817 views3 years ago 









 







 3:18

Play nextPlay now






Project Payday - Mack Zidan - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 3 minutes, 18 seconds.

1,693 views2 years ago 








View 100+ more





 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Created playlists





















251 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Liked videos - Playlist



          Updated yesterday
        





4:44



              2009 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class
            




0:42



              Ann Hampton Callaway
            





View full playlist (251 videos)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







mon - Playlist



2:04



              Fences monologue "like me" - Travon McEntyre
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







monologues - Playlist



2:04



              Fences monologue "like me" - Travon McEntyre
            




2:14



              FENCES Clip: HOW COME YOU AIN'T NEVER LIKED ME?
            




6:16



              LA's 10th Annual 1Minute Monologue Contest, Best Male Actor Performance
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























2 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Uber - Playlist


View full playlist (2 videos)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Athena Rosen - Playlist



1:12



              Athena Gets Her New Bike
            




3:22



              Athena For Halloween
            




0:10



              Athena Plays Tarzan
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







Four Corners - Playlist



30:51



              The Four Corners Alliance Group - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























1 video
  








Play all
          




Play now







Empower Network - Playlist



39:55



              Join The 21 Day Blogging Challenge - Clinton A. Lewis Jr.
            





View full playlist (1 video)
      























3 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Las Vegas Real Estate - Playlist



1:42



              LVPropertySearch.com - Las Vegas Investment Properties - Real Estate
            




0:24



              LVLeaseOptions.com - Las Vegas Rent To Own Homes
            





View full playlist (3 videos)
      























6 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







The Infinite Leverage System - Playlist



24:44



              Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System
            




24:44



              Click Brilliance - The Infinite Leverage System
            




25:40



              Six Step Formula - Click Brilliance - Infinite Leverage System
            





View full playlist (6 videos)
      























5 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Robotic Vids - Playlist



0:36



              The TRUTH About Overnight Success! - Infinite Leverage System
            




0:40



              7 Day Trial - Build Your Downline, Create Duplication, Generate Unlimited Traffic To Your Offers...
            




0:34



              5 Hard To Swallow Life Changing TRUTHS...
            





View full playlist (5 videos)
      























2 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Easiest Sales System - Playlist



5:05



              Easiest Sales System
            




2:47



              Easiest Sales System - Intro
            





View full playlist (2 videos)
      























20 videos
  








Play all
          




Play now







Russell Brunson - Dot Com Secrets - Playlist



5:34



              List Hacking - Russell Brunson #1 - Intro
            




11:19



              Russell Brunson's List Hacking Process
            




7:24



              List Hacking - Russell Brunson #2 - Junk Mail
            





View full playlist (20 videos)
      





 


View 12 more



Show more






This item has been hidden










Liked videos


Play all








 







 4:44

Play nextPlay now






2009 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class - Duration: 4 minutes, 44 seconds.
Mercedes-Benz Eldorado

3,431 views4 years ago 









 







 0:42

Play nextPlay now






Ann Hampton Callaway - Duration: 42 seconds.
The Smith Center

14 views1 week ago 









 







 0:36

Play nextPlay now






On The Drive - Duration: 36 seconds.
The 13th Way Video Productions

5 views1 week ago 









 







 11:24

Play nextPlay now






How to Become a Millionaire in 3 Years or Less? - Duration: 11 minutes.
YBNLLC

732,911 views9 months ago 









 







 6:33

Play nextPlay now






HOW TO BECOME A MILLIONAIRE WITH $5 A DAY - Duration: 6 minutes, 33 seconds.
Ryan Scribner

578,744 views3 weeks ago 
CC









 







 8:26

Play nextPlay now






Must See! 2 Bankruptcies/Student Loan, everything removed in 30 days Equifax #gizzycredit - Duration: 8 minutes, 26 seconds.
Breakthrough Business Concepts Inc.

2,043 views4 months ago 









 







 1:10

Play nextPlay now






How long do tradelines last? | Superior Tradelines, LLC explains it. - Duration: 70 seconds.
Superior Tradelines

1,064 views5 months ago 









 







 9:12

Play nextPlay now






Authorized User Tradelines That Will Boost Your Credit FAST - Duration: 9 minutes, 12 seconds.
roclikewhat

17,213 views5 months ago 









 







 11:13

Play nextPlay now






Boost Your Credit Score To 800+ In 45 Days With AU Tradelines - Duration: 11 minutes.
roclikewhat

63,198 views8 months ago 









 







 5:20

Play nextPlay now






Credit Repair: This Sneaky Trick Raises Your Credit Score Legally and Quickly - Duration: 5 minutes, 20 seconds.
CreditRepairBook

373,020 views7 years ago 









 







 2:08

Play nextPlay now






Why "Credit Repair" is MISLEADING - Frank Kriticos - Duration: 2 minutes, 8 seconds.
San Diego CreditSolutions

5,959 views3 years ago 









 







 1:00

Play nextPlay now






1 Major Credit Mistake - Frank Kriticos - Duration: 60 seconds.
San Diego Credit Solutions, LLC

8 views4 months ago 








View all





 

 









This item has been hidden






 


Testimonials - My Online Business Empire


Play all


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comHere how our members have created SUCCESS in such a VERY SHORT TIME!!!If you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportunity to earn good money and receive FREE ALL EXPENSES PAID trips around the world...and a BRAND NEW Mercedes Benz if you're a Top Earner! If you fail at this program, think its full of BS, or simply lose FAITH in yourself, we will give you $500 DOLLARS to go away...what do you have to lose? Sign up here and change YOUR life FOREVER: http://www.myonlinebusinessempire.com/go/aJ6EEc/df14e773/...JUST WATCH THE VIDEOS OR CLICK THE LINK ABOVE:
    




 







 4:55

Play nextPlay now






Arwin Makes a $1,250 Commission - My Top Tier Business MOBE - Duration: 4 minutes, 55 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


1 year ago67 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mytoptierbusiness.clintonalewisjr.com- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of d...
    








 







 5:44

Play nextPlay now






MOBE Case Study Raena Lynn Diamond Member - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 5 minutes, 44 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago56 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://clintonalewisjr.com/earn-income-online/my-online-b...- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, you...
    








 







 1:09

Play nextPlay now






Andrea Goodsaid - IM Revolution - Clinton A. Lewis Jr. - Duration: 69 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago32 views 


        (LIKE & SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://clintonalewisjr.com/get-information/im-revolution









 







 7:33

Play nextPlay now






MOBE MOTORS | Clinton A. Lewis Jr. is awarded the MOBE Mercedes-Benz | My Online Business Education - Duration: 7 minutes, 33 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


3 years ago767 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://mobemotors.clintonalewisjr.com/- Find A Great CompanyTo get big commissions, your leads need to buy top tier programs for thousands of dollars...
    








 







 4:12

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - David - Duration: 4 minutes, 12 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago13 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 4:34

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Carolina - Duration: 4 minutes, 34 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago8 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 5:02

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - John Chow - Duration: 5 minutes, 2 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago25 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 2:39

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Mitchell - Duration: 2 minutes, 39 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago6 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 6:09

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Terry - Duration: 6 minutes, 9 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago4 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 4:15

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Larry - Duration: 4 minutes, 15 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago32 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 3:26

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Shivinder - Duration: 3 minutes, 26 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago4 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    








 







 5:35

Play nextPlay now






MOBE - Case Study - Samith - Duration: 5 minutes, 35 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™


2 years ago7 views 


        (LIKE and SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube Channel)http://www.MyOnlineBusinessEmpire-MTTB.comIf you are NOT currently a member of this organization, feel free to become one. This is a wonderful opportun...
    




 


View 30+ more



Show more






This item has been hidden










Motivational Videos


Play all


        (LIKE & SUBSCRIBE to this YouTube Channel)http://www.ClintonALewisJr.comClinton A. Lewis Jr. was born to achieve great things...as he would strive to help others do the same. He is a former law enforcement officer, criminal investigator, & military combat veteran.Mr. Lewis is originally from New Orleans, Louisiana, and began investing in Real Estate while residing in the State of Texas. After experiencing health issues, he became disabled retired and decided to take a more "laid back" approach to life by working as an Internet Marketer. In doing so, he was able to utilize his investment knowledge and people skills to assist those within the Online Industry niche.He now lives in the beautiful City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and specializes in finding sound investment opportunities for others. Clinton is a team player and is always looking forward to taking upon new projects which benefit his future success, as well as that of others.http://Contact.ClintonALewisJr.com








 







 6:20

Play nextPlay now






DREAM - A Motivational Video - Just For You! - Duration: 6 minutes, 20 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

6,227 views3 years ago 









 







 8:53

Play nextPlay now






The Most Motivating Video for Success (MOBE) - Duration: 8 minutes, 53 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

122 views3 years ago 









 







 8:56

Play nextPlay now






Be Fearless! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 8 minutes, 56 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

37 views3 years ago 









 







 6:22

Play nextPlay now






Never Give Up! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 6 minutes, 22 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

62 views3 years ago 









 







 2:02

Play nextPlay now






You can do this! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 2 minutes, 2 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

36 views3 years ago 









 







 9:21

Play nextPlay now






Les Brown - Its Possible! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 9 minutes, 21 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

338 views3 years ago 









 







 1:17

Play nextPlay now






Motivation is KEY! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 77 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

63 views3 years ago 









 







 2:44

Play nextPlay now






You are Limitless! - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 2 minutes, 44 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

53 views3 years ago 









 







 6:38

Play nextPlay now






SPEAK money into your life! - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 6 minutes, 38 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

1,482 views3 years ago 









 







 4:41

Play nextPlay now






Night time Affirmations - Sleep with this on - Law Of Attraction - M.O.B.E. - Duration: 4 minutes, 41 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

25,700 views3 years ago 









 







 7:23

Play nextPlay now






The Best Motivational Video (A Must See) - MOBE - Duration: 7 minutes, 23 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

50 views3 years ago 









 







 5:51

Play nextPlay now






How Bad Do You Want Success? - Duration: 5 minutes, 51 seconds.
Clinton A. Lewis Jr.™

56 views3 years ago 








View 5 more





 

 









This item has been hidden










Featured Channels









 










The 5 Minute Mogul System - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe30 







 










LV PropertySearch - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe82 







 










Brain Trust - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe34 







 










Vincent Keele - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe60 







 










Cynthia Frankart - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe12 







 










EPIC MOBE - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe17 







 










TheDivaMom69 - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe62 







 










katya vant hof - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe8 







 










MOBE - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe19 







 










Duane Plaskett - Channel
SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe4 






 

 









This item has been hidden









        Featured Channels
    




 










LV PropertySearch - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Cynthia Frankart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Vincent Keele - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










katya vant hof - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










EPIC MOBE - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










MOBE - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Duane Plaskett - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Brain Trust - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 









        Popular channels
    




 










Jake Paul - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Logan Paul Vlogs - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Lance Stewart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Ryan ToysReview - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Guava Juice - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Brave Wilderness - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 






