 





Howard G. Liang | NYU Langone Health
         














Menu
			

 











Search



 








Howard G. Liang, 						MD

Specialty: General SurgeryLanguage: English
Phone: 
212-263-7302

Request an Appointment


   

















Cancel


The information entered on this page will not be used to send unsolicited email, and will not be sold to a third party.










About Me

Conditions and Treatments

surgery, minimally invasive surgery, abdomen surgery, cancer surgery, gastrointestinal surgery, colorectal surgery, gallbladder surgery, laparoscopic cholecystectomy, hernia repair procedure, excision of the spleen, laparoscopic adrenalectomy, liver surgery, pancreas surgery, reconstructive surgery, whipple procedure, hernia
Show More Conditions 


Learn more about conditions we treat at NYU Langone:
Hernia in Adults 






Credentials



Positions

Assistant Professor, Department of Surgery



Board Certifications

American Board of Surgery  -  Surgery, 1984



Education and Training


																					Residency, NYU Medical Center, Surgery (General), 1982
																			

																					MD from Washington University, 1974
																			



Departments

Surgery



Is this your profile?
Edit profile





Is this your profile?

Edit profile





Locations and Appointments


View Insurance Plans Accepted 


Aetna

 Aetna HMO 
 Aetna Indemnity 
 Aetna International 
 Aetna Medicare Managed Care 
 Aetna Meritain Health 
 Aetna Open Access Elect Choice (EPO) 
 Aetna Open Access HMO 
 Aetna POS 
 Aetna PPO 
 Aetna Student Health 
 Chesterfield Resources Inc 
 Christian Brothers Services 
 CoreSource 
 Nippon Life Of America - Aetna 
 Nippon Life-Aetna 
 Starmark 
 WellNet 



Affinity

 Affinity American Indian Exchange 
 Affinity Bronze Exchange 
 Affinity Catastrophic Exchange 
 Affinity Essential Plan 1 
 Affinity Essential Plan 2 
 Affinity Essential Plan 3 
 Affinity Essential Plan 4 
 Affinity Essential Platinum Exchange 
 Affinity Gold Exchange 
 Affinity HP Child Health Plus 
 Affinity HP Family Health Plus 
 Affinity HP Medicaid Managed Care 
 Affinity Medicaid Advantage  
 Affinity Medicare Managed Care 
 Affinity Medicare Solutions  
 Affinity Medicare Ultimate 
 Affinity Silver Exchange 



BCBS GHI Composite

 BCBS GHI Composite 



BCBS Out of State

 BCBS Out/State  Medicare 
 BCBS Out/State EPO 
 BCBS Out/State HMO 
 BCBS Out/State Indemnity 
 BCBS Out/State POS 
 BCBS Out/State PPO 



Beech

 Beech Street PPO 
 Insurance Design Administrators 
 Professional Benefit Admin 



Blue Cross Blue Shield

 BCBS Bronze Guided Access Exchange 
 BCBS Bronze Guided Access HSA Exchange 
 BCBS Catastrophic Guided Access Exchange 
 BCBS EPO 
 BCBS Federal Program 
 BCBS Global Transplants 
 BCBS Gold Guided Access Exchange 
 BCBS HMO 
 BCBS Healthy New York 
 BCBS Indemnity 
 BCBS Mediblue Medicare HMO 
 BCBS Mediblue Medicare PPO 
 BCBS Open Access PPO (Hb Only) 
 BCBS POS 
 BCBS PPO 
 BCBS Pathway 
 BCBS Pathway Enhanced 
 BCBS Pathway X Enhanced 
 BCBS Silver Guided Access Exchange 
 BCBS Silver Guided Access HSA Exchange 
 Local 32BJ SEIU 
 New York Hotel Trades 
 Unicare 



Carecore

 CareCore Aetna 
 CareCore HIP Medicaid 
 CareCore HIP Medicare 
 CareCore Health Net 
 CareCore Oxford 
 CareCore Oxford Medicare Advant 
 CareCore WellCare 



Champva

 Champva 



Cigna

 Cigna Behavioral Health  
 Cigna Great West PPO 
 Cigna HMO 
 Cigna Indemnity 
 Cigna Managed Care/POS 
 Cigna NALC 
 Cigna Open Access 
 Cigna Open Access PPO 
 Cigna PPO 
 Cigna Premier Plus 
 Great West HMO 
 MVP-Cigna Network 



Elderplan

 Elderplan 



Empire BCBS Health Plus

 BCBS Healthplus Essential Plan 1 
 BCBS Healthplus Essential Plan 2 
 BCBS Healthplus Essential Plan 3 
 BCBS Healthplus Essential Plan 4 
 BCBS Healthplus Medicare 
 BCBS Healthplus NY Child Health Plus NY 
 BCBS Healthplus NY Medicaid Managed Care NY 
 BCBS Healthplus Special Needs 



Fidelis Care

 Fidelis Care Bronze Child Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Bronze Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Catastrophic Cvg Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Child Health Plus 
 Fidelis Care Family Health Plu 
 Fidelis Care Gold Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Medicaid Managed Care 
 Fidelis Care Medicare 
 Fidelis Care Native American Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Platinum Child Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Platinum Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Silver 250 Exchange 
 Fidelis Care Silver Child Exchange 
 Fidelis Essential Plan 1 
 Fidelis Essential Plan 2 
 Fidelis Essential Plan 3 
 Fidelis Essential Plan 4 



GEHA

 GEHA 



GHI

 American Plan Administrators 
 American Plan Administrators - C/O H.D.A 
 GHI Emblem Health EPO 
 GHI Emblem Health PPO 
 GHI HMO 
 GHI HMO Medicare 
 GHI Medicare PPO 
 GHI Medicare Supplement 
 IUOE Local 14-14B  
 Wlny-TV Inc. 



GHI Composite

 GHI Composite 



HIP

 HIP Access I 
 HIP Access Ii 
 HIP Child Health Plus 
 HIP EPO 
 HIP HMO 
 HIP HMO (Healthcare Partners) 
 HIP Health Plan Of NY 
 HIP Medicaid 
 HIP Medicaid (Healthcare Partners) 
 HIP Medicaid (Montefiore) 
 HIP Medicare 
 HIP Medicare (Healthcare Partners) 
 HIP Montefiore 
 HIP Montefiore Medicare 
 HIP POS 
 HIP QLIMG  
 HIP Smartstart 



Health Republic

 Health Republic Of NJ 



Health Smart

 WTC Health Program-HHC 
 WTC Health Program-Mt. Sinai 
 WTC Health Program-NYU 
 WTC Health Program-North Shore 
 WTC Health Program-Stonybrook 
 WTC Health Program-UMDNY/Rutgers 
 WTC-FDNY 



Healthfirst

 Health And Recovery Plan (Harp) 
 Health And Recovery Plan (Harp)- Nyu Risk 
 Healthfirst 65 Plus Plan (HMO)  
 Healthfirst 65- Nyu Risk 
 Healthfirst Absolute Care FIDA 
 Healthfirst Absolute Care FIDA- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Assured Care 
 Healthfirst Assured Care- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Bronze Leaf Exchange 
 Healthfirst Bronze Leaf Exchange- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Child Health Plus 
 Healthfirst Child Health Plus- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Complete Care 
 Healthfirst Complete Care- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Coordinated Benefits Plan (HMO)  
 Healthfirst Coordinated Benefits Plan- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 1 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 1- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 2 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 2- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 3 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 3- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 4 
 Healthfirst Essential Plan 4- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Gold Leaf Exchange 
 Healthfirst Gold Leaf Exchange- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Green Leaf Exchange 
 Healthfirst Green Leaf Exchange- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Health New York- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Increased Benefits Plan 
 Healthfirst Increased Benefits Plan- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Life Improved Plan 
 Healthfirst Life Improved Plan- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Medicaid 
 Healthfirst Medicaid- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Personal Wellness Plan 
 Healthfirst Personal Wellness Plan- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Platinum Leaf Exchange 
 Healthfirst Platinum Leaf Exchange- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Senior Health Partners 
 Healthfirst Senior Health Partners- NYU Risk 
 Healthfirst Silver Leaf Exchange 
 Healthfirst Silver Leaf Exchange- NYU Risk 



Humana

 Humana Health Plan 
 Humana Medicare Advantage 



Island Group Administration

 Island Group Administration 



Local 1199

 Local 1199 NYU Member Choice 
 Local 1199 PPO 



MVP Select Care Inc

 MVP Preferred EPO 
 MVP Select Care Inc.  



Magnacare

 CDPHP 
 Cement & Concrete Workers District Council  
 Consolidated Health Plan 
 Independent Care Plus 
 Magnacare Direct Plus 
 Magnacare PPO 
 National Health Plan 



Medicaid

 NYS Medicaid 



Medicare

 Medicare Part A 
 Medicare Part A and B 
 Medicare Part B 



Metroplus

 Metroplus Bronze Plus Plan Exchange 
 Metroplus Child Health Plus 
 Metroplus Essential Plan 1 
 Metroplus Essential Plan 2 
 Metroplus Essential Plan 3 
 Metroplus Essential Plan 4 
 Metroplus Family Health Plus 
 Metroplus Gold  
 Metroplus Gold Plus Plan Exchange 
 Metroplus MCD Managed Care 
 Metroplus Medicare 
 Metroplus Medplus Plan Exchange 
 Metroplus Platinum Plus Plan Exchange 
 Metroplus Silver Plus Plan Exchange 



Multiplan

 AXA Assistance USA 
 Administrative Concepts 
 Diversified Administration Corporation  
 Fiserv Health 
 Global Excel 
 Global Health 
 Guardian Life Insurance Co Of America 
 Health Net Of California 
 Humana Health Plan 
 Kaiser Foundation 
 Kaiser Permanente  
 Meritain Health 
 Multiplan - Capital Dist Phys Health 
 Multiplan PPO 
 Mutual Of Omaha 
 Nippon Life Ins Co-Multiplan 
 Nippon Life-Multiplan 
 PHCS 
 PHCS Director Guild 
 PHCS Healthcare (Champus) 
 PHCS Multiplan 
 PHCS Savility 
 Principal Financial 
 Principal Financial Group 
 Qualcare Inc 
 Screen Actors Guild - Producers 
 Teamsters Allied Benefits 
 US Life Insurance Company 



Oxford

 OptumHealth Behavioral Solutions 
 Oxford Health Plans Freedom 
 Oxford Health Plans Liberty 
 Oxford Optum Health 



POMCO Insurance Company

 POMCO Insurance Company 



Qualcare Inc.

 Qualcare Direct 



Railroad Medicare

 Palmetto GBA Railroad Medicare 



Sedgwick

 WTC Health Program-North Shore 



Touchstone Health Hmo

 Touchstone Health HMO 
 Touchstone Medicare 



Tricare

 TRICARE 
 US Family Health Plan 



United Healthcare

 AARP Medicare Complete 
 NYS Health Insurance Plan NYSHIP 
 New York Hotel Trades 
 OptumHealth Behavioral Solutions 
 Oxford Health Plans Medicare Advantage 
 UHC AARP Medicare Complete Essential 
 UMR 
 United Health Care Options PPO (NYULMC Employees) 
 United Healthcare Choice 
 United Healthcare Choice (NYULMC Employees) 
 United Healthcare Choice NSLIJ 
 United Healthcare EPO 
 United Healthcare HMO 
 United Healthcare Inde 
 United Healthcare Medicare 
 United Healthcare Navigate 
 United Healthcare POS 
 United Healthcare PPO 
 United Healthcare Student Resources 



United Healthcare Community

 United Community Essential Plan 1 
 United Community Essential Plan 2  
 United Community Essential Plan 3 
 United Community Essential Plan 4 
 United Healthcare Community 
 United Healthcare Community Child Health Plus 
 United Healthcare Community Family Health Plus 
 United Healthcare Community Medicaid Hmo 
 United Healthcare Community Medicare 



VNS Choice Advantage

 VNS Medicaid Advantage 
 VNS Medicare Advantage 



Veterans Admin. Referral

 Veterans Admin. Referral 



Veterans Choice

 Veterans Choice Program-VACAA 



Village Care

 VillageCare 



Vytra Healthcare

 HIP Vytra Healthcare Managed Care 
 HIP Vytra Healthcare POS 
 HIP Vytra Healthcare PPO 



Wellcare

 WellCare Child Health Plus 
 WellCare Health Care Exchange Product 
 WellCare Medicaid Managed Care 
 WellCare Medicaid/Fhp 
 WellCare Medicare 
 Wellcare Essential Plan 1 








NYU General Surgery Associates

							550 1st Avenue
							New York, NY 10016
						








Phone

212-263-7302




View Map


Request an Appointment





Welcome back!

As a returning patient for this doctor, please schedule an appointment using your MyChart at NYU Langone account.


Login with MyChart

Retrieve your account.
Forgot your login?


Learn more about MyChart at NYU Langone.






Research
Academic Contact



Academic office

530 First Avenue 
Sixth Floor 
New York, NY 10016



Phone

                    212-263-7302
                







Publications


 

Variance function additive partial linear models 

Fang, Y; Lian, H; Liang, H; Ruppert, D
Fang, Y; Lian, H; Liang, H; Ruppert, D


Electronic journal of statistics.
                            2015.
                                        9 (2):
                        2793-2827
            
        





Surgical relief of small bowel obstruction by migrated biliary stent: extraction without enterotomy 

Garg, Karan; Zagzag, Jonathan; Khaykis, Inessa; Liang, Howard
Garg, Karan; Zagzag, Jonathan; Khaykis, Inessa; Liang, Howard


Journal of the Society of Laparoendoscopic Surgeons.
                            2011 Apr-Jun.
                                        15 (2):
                        232-235
            
        





CT of jejunal diverticulitis: imaging findings, differential diagnosis, and clinical management 

Macari, M; Faust, M; Liang, H; Pachter, H L
Macari, M; Faust, M; Liang, H; Pachter, H L


Clinical radiology.
                            2007 Jan.
                                        62 (1):
                        73-77
            
        




Read All Publications (8)







































 


Super Micro Computer's (SMCI) CEO Charles Liang on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Super Micro Computer's (SMCI) CEO Charles Liang on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.30.17 | About: Super Micro (SMCI) Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI)
Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call
April 27, 2017, 17:00 ET
Executives
Perry Hayes - SVP of IR
Charles Liang - Founder, Chairman of the Board, CEO and President
Howard Hideshima - CFO and SVP
Analysts
Joseph Quatrochi - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company
Mark Kelleher - D.A. Davidson & Co.
David Ryzhik - Susquehanna Financial Group
David Kurtz - Pacific Crest Securities
Nehal Chokshi - Maxim Group
Brian Alger - Roth Capital Partners
Operator
Welcome to the Super Micro Computer, Inc. Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. The company's news release issued earlier today is available from its website at www.supermicro.com. In addition, during today's call, the company will refer to a slide presentation that it has made available to its participants which can be accessed in a downloadable PDF format on its website at www.supermicro.com in the Investor Relations section under the Events & Presentations tab.
[Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded, Thursday, April 27, 2017. A replay of the call will be accessible until midnight, Thursday, May 11, 2017, by dialing 1 (844) 512-2921 and entering replay pin 7820076. International callers should dial 1 (412) 317-6671.
With us today are Charles Liang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Hideshima, Chief Financial Officer; and Perry Hayes, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
And now I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Hayes. Mr. Hayes, please go ahead, sir.
Perry Hayes
Good afternoon and thank you for attending Super Micro's conference call on financial results for the third quarter fiscal 2017 which ended March 31, 2017. By now you should have received a copy of today's news release that was distributed at the close of regular trading and is available on the company's website. As a reminder, during today's call, the company will refer to a presentation that is available to participants in the Investor Relations section of the company's website under the Events & Presentations tab.
Before we start, I'll remind you that our remarks include forward-looking statements. There are a number of risk factors that could cause Super Micro's future results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available from the Investor Relations page of Super Micro's website. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
Most of today's presentation will refer to non-GAAP financial results and outlooks. For an explanation of our non-GAAP financial measures, please refer to Slide 3 of this presentation or to our press release published earlier today. In addition, a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is contained in today's press release and in the supplemental information attached to today's presentation.
I'll now turn the call over to Charles Liang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Charles Liang
Thank you, Perry and good afternoon, everyone. Let me summarize our third quarter. Revenue was $631.1 million. It's 18.5% higher year-over-year and 3.2% lower than the previous quarter. Non-GAAP net income was $20.3 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.38 per diluted share compared to $0.48 last quarter and $0.36 last year. It was 5.6% higher year-over-year and 20.8% lower than last quarter.
Overall, we exceeded our previous financial guidance and achieved our highest financial fiscal third quarter revenue ever. In many ways our revenue result was exceptional. We saw double-digit revenue growth overall and triple-digit growth in some key segments. Our revenue growth was exceed despite of this seasonally challenging quarter. Revenue were achieved despite continuing shortage for memory and SSDs, resulting in a significant components price increase. Compared to last year, our revenue was more broadly distributed across our customer base without relying on any single 10% customer.

On the product side, we continue to offer the industry's largest portfolio of server and storage systems and to be first to market with new products and technologies. Customer are anticipating the technology transition to the next-generation Intel Xeon processor-based platforms, codenamed Skylake. We're ready to deliver a comprehensive portfolio of next-generation X11 systems, supporting new features and higher performance offered by the Skylake processor and our new innovations.
Early shipments of X11 solutions will begin in early May. We introduced a new fifth-generation print design, a 2U 4-node, BigTwin, delivering the highest performing Twin multiple-node system supporting 205 watt 2U Xeon processors, 24 DIMMs and All-Flash NVMe per node. We anticipate the new 8U SuperBlade leveraging the advantage of blade computing with other traditional blade cost of premium and proprietary knock in.
Looking at our core markets. We saw strong distribution in -- we saw strong contribution in storage and IoT and achieved triple-digit growth in our enterprise and accelerated computing segment from last year. Storage was, again, our strongest segment with 22.5% of total revenue, up 28.7% from last year. Our next-generation storage partners account for 53.2% of this storage revenue and grew a strong 74.2% year-over-year. Our customers choose Super Micro based on the advanced features and capability of our All-Flash and hybrid NVMe SSD systems. We also saw strong growth in our traditional enterprise storage from the capacity maximized top-loading 4U 90-bay and 60-bay solutions. And coming soon, we will introduce a volume-centric, 45-bay system to the portfolio.
Internet data center was 10.7% of total revenue, down 51.4% from last year which included 10% customer. We're working closely with large and medium-sized private and public cloud customers on the new-generation agreements and implementing our super rack scale design solutions. IoT embedded was 10.5% of total revenue and was up 38% from last year. We saw a $10 billion estimated addressable market from age to cloud across the traditional embedded demand. Our IoT embedded portfolio will see continued strong growth.
Enterprise private cloud is the key to our revenue and margin growth strategy and grew 578% year-over-year from a relatively small base. Our engagements with the leading Global 1000 companies increased to the highest level ever, including a Silicon Valley Fortune 100 enterprise company with over 30,000 MicroBlades. That is one of the world's largest and most efficient data center with a PUE of 1.06 and 280 nodes per rack LSP. Our management software and global service grew 87% year-over-year, providing the ability, serviceability and quality for our rapidly growing -- expanding enterprise customer base.
Accelerated computing solutions for AI people learning, machine learning and HPC was 5.9% of total revenue and saw triple-digit growth of 176% from last year. We offer the most advanced NVIDIA, Tesla and Intel Xeon-Phi and air PGA designs, including 1U 4 Tesla P100 solution and the new 4U design that support 10 GPUs with direct BMA support. New air PGA-based solutions provide compression, encryption and visualization are emerging and we have several air PGA customer design wins underway.
Finally, from a geographic perspective, Asia was our strongest geography for growth last quarter and up 92% over last year and reaching 23.9% of total sales. China revenue grew triple-digits, up 138.9% year-over-year. Looking ahead, our previous strategy for long term investment in global service, management software, engineering, product solution, operation and worldwide manufacturing capacity are finally providing leverage and better economics of scale for continuous revenue, profit and max share growth. We will continue to lead with innovation and being first to market with the most advanced solution for the next-generation processor, new NVMe, new storage architecture, rack design and cloud scale architectures.

In summary, we're getting recognized as the new model for Tier 1 solution provider and have been the fastest-growing server and storage systems company in the world for multiple years. Our double-digit revenue growth demonstrates that we're on the right path and our triple-digit growth in key segments and markets demonstrated that our business model and strategy is working well. I'm pleased with the growth in our business opportunity as we enter the new technology driven cycle.
For more specifics on our third quarter, let me turn it over to Howard.
Howard Hideshima
Thank you, Charles and good afternoon, everyone. I will focus my remarks on earnings, gross margins, operating expenses and similar items on a non-GAAP basis which reflects adjustments to exclude stock compensation expenses. Reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP is included in the financial statements of the company in today's earnings release and in the supplemental detail in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.
Let me begin with a review of the third quarter income statement. Please turn to Slide 5.
Revenue was $631.1 million. It's a record third quarter for Super Micro, up about 18.5% from the same quarter a year ago and down 3.2% sequentially. The increase in revenue from last year was widespread in terms of market verticals. We saw growth in storage, enterprise, IoT and accelerated computing. This was offset in part by decline in Internet, data center and cloud. On a geographic basis, we had strong growth in Asia of 92%, followed by Europe at 23.1% and the U.S. at 2.3%, while the other was down by 8.5%. The 3.2% sequential decrease in revenues was less than seasonal declines we experienced over the past 2 years of 6% and negative 17%. The improvement over normal historical seasonality was primarily driven by our strength in Asia, up 9.4%; and in other regions, up 20.5%. In particular, China was up 29.3%, as we leverage our growing partnerships.
Slide 6. Turning to product mix. Proportion of revenues from server systems was about 70% which is comparable to 69.9% the same quarter a year ago and from 68.1% last quarter. We shipped approximately 139,000 nodes in the quarter which compares to 145,000 in the prior quarter and 126,000 in the prior year. ASPs per compute node was about 3,200 per node versus 3,100 per node last quarter and 3,000 per node last year. We shipped approximately 1,085,000 subsystems and accessories which is up from 950,000 last year and down from 1,214,000 last quarter.
We continue to maintain our diverse revenue base with over 700 customers. No customers represented more than 10% of our quarterly revenues. Cloud, Internet, data center revenue was 10.7% which was a decrease from 13.8% in the prior quarter and a decrease from 26% in the prior year. 52.9% of our revenues came from the U.S. and 46% from our distributors and resellers.
Slide 15. Non-GAAP gross profit was $88.7 million, up 11.6% from $79.4 million in the same quarter last year and down 5.4% from $93.7 million sequentially. On a percentage basis, gross margin was 14%, down from 14.9% a year ago and from 14.4% sequentially. Price changes from Ablecom resulted in no basis point change to the gross profit in the quarter, with total purchases representing approximately 11.5% of total cost of goods sold compared to 12.2% a year ago and 11.6% sequentially. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin of 90 basis points was primarily due to the cost increase of memory and SSD components which we could not pass on to some of our server customers as well as many of our systems being based on mature late life-cycle processors such as Grantley which means lower prices.
Geographically, we had higher sales in Asia where pricing is typically more competitive. Utilization on a global capacity basis was lower at about 54.6% compared to about 63.9% a year ago. This resulted in approximately 20 basis points of negative effect on gross margin. Sequentially, gross margin was down 40 basis points primarily due to the cost of memory and SSD components continuing to rise during the quarter which in some cases was over 30% which we could not pass on to some of our server customers. In addition, lower utilization of our global capacity which was 54.6%, down from 65.8% last quarter, resulted in 10 basis points gross margin decrease.

Slide 16. Operating expenses were $61.4 million, up from $51.1 million in the same quarter a year ago and from $57.2 million sequentially. As a percentage of revenue, operating expenses were 9.7% which is up from 9.6% in the same quarter a year ago and up from 8.8% sequentially. Operating expenses were higher on an absolute dollar basis year-over-year by 20.1%, primarily in R&D as we invested in personnel expenses to support the development of our total solutions and rollout of new products for the upcoming technology refresh cycle.
We increased 157 headcounts in R&D which is about a 14.9% increase. Sequentially, operating expenses were higher by $4.2 million or 7.3%, primarily due to translation foreign exchange loss of $1.5 million which is a $2.1 million delta from last quarter and $1.2 million higher R&D component -- compensation expense. In authorical the $1.5 million foreign exchange loss represented about $0.02 in fully diluted EPS. The company's total headcount increased by 168 sequentially to 2,965 total employees primarily in operations to support the growth of the business.
Operating profit was $27.2 million, down by 3.8% from $28.3 million a year ago and down by 25.3% from $36.5 million sequentially. On a percentage basis, operating margin was 4.3%, down from 5.3% a year ago and down from 5.6% sequentially. Net income was $20.3 million, up 7% from $19 million a year ago and down 18.8% from $25 million sequentially.
On a non-GAAP fully diluted basis, EPS was $0.38 per share which is up from $0.36 per share a year ago and down from $0.48 per share sequentially. The number of fully diluted shares used in the third quarter was 52,978,000.
The tax rate in the third quarter on a non-GAAP basis was 23.7% compared to 32% a year ago and 30.5% sequentially. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 was lower than last year due to the release of liability for completion of a tax audit in foreign jurisdiction. We expect our effective tax rate to be about 32% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.
Turning to the balance sheet on a sequential basis, Slide 17. Cash and cash equivalents, short and long term investments were $110.5 million, down $21 million from $131.5 million in the prior quarter and down $68.6 million from $179.1 million in the same quarter last quarter. In the third quarter, free cash flow was a negative $41.3 million, primarily due to an increase in inventory of $44.8 million, an increase in AR of $24.7 million, offset in part by an increase in accounts payable of $7 million and net income of $16.7 million.
Accounts receivable increased by $24.4 million to $391.3 million due to higher revenue at the end of the quarter as customers came back from the Lunar New Year holiday. DSO was 54 days, an increase of 5 days from 49 days in the prior quarter.
Inventory increased 43 days to $642.3 million. Days in inventory were 103, an increase of 12 days from 91 in the prior quarter and an increase of 6 days from 97 in the prior year. The increase is primarily to support the continuing tight supply of memory and SSD and sourcing for new product lines related to the Skylake launch as well as for the upcoming seasonally strong quarter. Had we excluded the increase in SSD and memory from September quarter and -- of about $62.7 million, our days of inventory would have been 93 days.
Accounts payable was $6.8 million -- up $6.8 million which was 57 days, an increase of 5 days from 52 days in the prior quarter and down 3 days from 60 days in the prior year. Overall, cash conversion cycle days was 100 days which is 12 days higher than the prior quarter and the same quarter of last year. Adjusting for the effect of the increase in inventory in SSD and memory, as noted above, the cash conversion cycle days would have been 90.

Now for a few comments on our outlook. As we enter the last quarter of fiscal '17, we see strong growth opportunities from a technology refresh cycle, especially in the Skylake launch. We continue to see strong traction for our leading solutions in our growing customer base especially in large enterprise. These factors, coupled with investments we have made during the past year, put us on our strongest position to accelerate our growth in the many market verticals we serve. Therefore, the company currently expects net sales for the quarter ending June 30, 2017, in a range of $655 million to $715 million.
Assuming this revenue range, the company expects non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of approximately $0.40 to $0.50 for the quarter. At the midpoint, this would represent an increase of 31% in revenue and 125% in EPS from the prior year. It is currently expected that outlook will not be updated until the release of the company's next quarterly earnings announcement. Notwithstanding subsequent developments, however, the company may update the outlook or any portion thereof at any time.
With that, let me turn it back to Charles for some closing remarks.
Charles Liang
Thank you, Howard. We're now reaping the benefits of our very strong ambitions that we have built over a long period of time. This quarter's revenue was the strongest third quarter in our history and again, demonstrates the advantages of our product portfolio across many different verticals, especially among our enterprise customers. With that, I'm very confident that our strong foundation and products will make Super Micro one of the most successful companies in the IT industry.
Operator, at this time, we're ready for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions]. And we'll go first to Aaron Rakers with Stifel.
Joseph Quatrochi
Okay. Great. This is Joe Quatrochi on for Aaron. I was just curious. I wanted to kind of double click on the SSD constraints that you're still seeing. Did that impact your ability to fulfill or rather recognize additional revenue in the quarter?
Charles Liang
I guess it's both. Because of that shortage, we saw some [indiscernible] relationship and the other reason is that because the price rose, so we had to raise the price to customer. So that, too, did impact our business.
Joseph Quatrochi
Okay. And how do you think about that going into the current quarter? Do you see a similar impact?
Charles Liang
Looks like both fee dwen and flash memory, SSD will continue to rose in price, but where we also get in accessorized. So won't grow that much as the last few quarter. I would have to say, for example, in module. In last 3 quarter, the price had been grow almost double. So next quarter or 2 quarter I guess, the growth will be slower.
Joseph Quatrochi
Okay. And then just for follow up. Can you talk about the timing of Skylake relative to what Mellanox had kind of talked about last night? It seemed like they might be seeing a little bit of a pushout. I was just curious if you're seeing any difference from what we talked about 90 days ago.
Charles Liang
Yes, the good news is Skylake, our product have been developing very smoothly. So today, we have almost complete product line ready to ship and we already promised to some customer start ship early next month. And India official launch, I believe, is still early July.
Operator
And we'll go next to Mark Kelleher with D.A. Davidson.
Mark Kelleher
Howard, I want to talk a little bit about the gross margins. Is this the low point, do you think, the 14%? Or do the continued price hikes in the memory mean we're going to dip below that?
Howard Hideshima
Mark, this is Howard, thanks. Again, December as a quarter, we don't typically guide gross margin. But December as a quarter is usually a very seasonally strong quarter compared to -- I'm sorry. The June quarter is particularly a strong quarter compared to the March quarter. So typically, it's not as competitive as the March quarter. So we get usually a margin boost from that. However, as Charles alluded to, the tightness in SSD and memory is still out there. We're saying we're doing our best to manage our way through that and have done better, I think, probably in the last quarter versus the September quarter. So we're -- December quarter. So we're going to continue to do that as well.

Mark Kelleher
And are you going to continue to build inventory of memory to stay ahead of this? And when do you have the cash, kind of burning some cash here? How do you feel about your cash position?
Howard Hideshima
We're okay with regards to cash position, Mark and we have lines of credit that we can draw upon and can expand it and access the capital there.
Mark Kelleher
But inventory is still going to go up or putting more memory in?
Howard Hideshima
We're preparing right now for the launch -- for the Skylake launch coming up here. So some of the inventory build from this last quarter was for a part of that per se and then part of that was for the larger quarter. So if you look at the end of the June quarter, typically, you'll see a decline in our inventories because we come out of a seasonally strong quarter going into somewhat of a seasonally weak quarter.
Operator
And we'll move next to Mehdi Hosseini.
David Ryzhik
This is David Ryzhik for Mehdi Hosseini. So it is already almost a quarter of overall revenue and you guys delivered some strong growth in China. What areas of the product portfolio are most responsible for that growth? And I had a follow-up.
Charles Liang
For China, I believe still our NVMe and SSD product line have been very attractive in the market. And also, kind of high-density storage as well as GPU for AI, I mean, machine learning, people learning, those areas have been growing very strongly in China market.
David Ryzhik
Great. And for next-gen storage, obviously very impressive growth. So 2 questions. Is this an above gross margin business for you? And the other one is just wanted to understand. It seems like some of the larger storage OEMs are pivoting to this supply model for third-party sourcing for hardware. How big of an opportunity do you view this to be? And are you selling any next-gen storage into the enterprise opportunity? And do you see that as an opportunity for you?
Charles Liang
Yes. Indeed, next-gen storage will continue to grow customers. And also, our customer are growing. Plus, we have a more -- new architectural advantage for the market. For example coming soon, Op10 from Intel and as well as the people -- some people call JBOF -- JBOD for fresh solution. So we have a very strong product and lots of new architecture is coming.
David Ryzhik
Great. And would this be an above gross margin business for you?
Charles Liang
Theoretically it will, but because memory and SSD prices are rising very fast, so that may offset our margin for short term. But long term, yes.
Operator
And we'll take our next question from Alex Kurtz with Pacific Crest Securities.
David Kurtz
Could you take us through the dynamics again, Howard, on the data center -- the Internet, data center business? And it looked like one of your strategic 10% data center customers was talking about expansion recently. So that's question one, sort of what are the dynamics in the June quarter guidance around that vertical and what happened in March? And then also, one of your strategic, emerging storage partners was acquired by one of your competitors and was just wondering what the plan is there as far as working with that emerging storage vendor going forward now that they're part of a larger entity?
Howard Hideshima
Okay. Alex, thanks. With regards to the Internet, data center, cloud area, we noted in the call that represented about 10.7% of our revenues in the previous quarter, in the March quarter. That's down from 26% last year. You'll recall that we had about a 12% customer last year that we did in the greenfield opportunities and build-outs there. But that's a customer -- still purchasing from, but that's majority of the decrease that happened between years per se. As we talk about going forward, we're still selling to that customer. And again, with the technology refresh cycle coming up, it presents opportunities for us to do, again, not just refreshes with them but with other customers as well. So we're pretty bullish on the Internet, data center vertical for ourselves going forward as well as we enter there.

Charles Liang
And the good thing is we start again impede to say lots of new customers, new private cloud especially that help our business grow for long term. And as to the, you just mentioned some of our customer was bought by a big company. We're improving that relationship. So it looks like so far so good.
David Kurtz
Okay. So there's no plans on them moving to their own contract manufacturer partners? Immediate plan is to keep it with you guys?
Charles Liang
So far we feel pretty good.
Operator
We'll move next to Nehal Chokshi from Maxim Group.
Nehal Chokshi
On the gross margin, however, just to be clear, the component charges or price increases rather, if it had not been for that, it sounds like then you would've actually had a gross margin uptick Q-over-Q? Is that the correct way to interpret this?
Howard Hideshima
Yes, there's still pressure out there, yes. I mean, if you look at the 40 basis points of decline in our gross margin sequentially, 10 basis points was attributable to the utilization per se. If there was not any of this memory type stuff, I believe it's fair to say that we would have gotten most of that back.
Nehal Chokshi
So then it would have been flat Q-over-Q had it not been for utilization decline and component price increases then?
Howard Hideshima
It could have been higher. I mean, we also had the geographic that was in there that weighed us down a bit.
Nehal Chokshi
Okay. And then data center was already talked about a little bit on the prior question. But that was down Q-over-Q and in the last quarter, there was I think a good amount of excitement of having a more diversified base of hyperscalers. And I think that large prior 10% customer that had gone from greenfield to just sort of maintenance increases, that had already kind of petered out. So I guess my question is that the decline on a Q-over-Q basis of the hyperscalers, was that a surprise?
Howard Hideshima
Well, I think if you look at the decline quarter-over quarter, again, it went from about 13.8% of revenues in the prior quarter to about 10%. If you look at our seasonality again and not to say that they're totally tied to seasonality, you'll see us anywhere from 6% to 17% down sequentially over the last couple of years. So some of this has to do with seasonality. I wouldn't say that it was a decline or a loss of opportunities. I think we feel pretty good that we have more opportunities going forward and stronger in that segment than we have in previous quarters.
Nehal Chokshi
Okay. Very good. By my math, the revenue from the channel, it accelerated quite significantly. Can you put a narrative behind that?
Howard Hideshima
The revenue from the channel, again, the percentage of revenues, again, we're -- fairly stable there with regards to our -- them being about 46% this current quarter and then 46% in the prior quarter. So on an overall percentage basis, they were fairly stable.
Operator
And we will take our next question from Brian Alger with Roth Capital Partners.
Brian Alger
I guess if we're looking at the quarter, there's -- this time of the earnings season, there's always a bit of mixed news. I'm wondering if the strength relative to expectations from a demand standpoint, was it all attributable to your 2 primary competitors going through major mergers in the past quarter? And if so, if you expect to be seeing any snap-back or any normalization of market share that may have been gained.
Howard Hideshima
Yes, Brian, this is Howard. If you talk about like, for example -- one person talked about Nimble and HP in the storage area, our storage area is very strong still. And if it's EMC you're referring to with regards to Dell, going back, it's -- again, in the storage area, we're continuing to do great in the storage area, as Charles alluded to. And we're getting more customers in that base as we go. So again, we're not seeing it slow down or just being -- because of our partners doing mergers that we're gaining more traction in that area.

Brian Alger
Okay. I guess it's sort of what I was getting at. It wasn't as much focused on the storage side of it, but rather just whenever a major merger is going through, there tends to be an opportunity to gain share as channels oftentimes get conflicted. But it's good to hear you guys are gaining on the merits of the product portfolio. Moving forward, you guys, it seems as though, are getting some good traction from the AI push and certainly, there is a lot of attention being put towards the GPUs. And I noticed you highlighted the NVIDIA solutions as well as Intel's. How -- do you have a sense for how you stand relative to the competition there? Is there an advantage that you guys might have over, call it, the slower-moving OEMs in this space for that type of a customer?
Charles Liang
Indeed, for both storage and GPU as well as Xeon-Phi total market share, I believe we will continue to grow in 2 area. One is we continue to have more customer, especially enterprise corporate customer. And also, we're working with a superscale company as well. So once we have good product, I mean, we're openminded to work with any customer.
Operator
[Operator Instructions]. And we'll move next to Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna Financial Group.
David Ryzhik
It's Dave Ryzhik again for Mehdi. Howard, can you talk about -- how can we think about OpEx rolling over the balance of the year? Obviously, your enterprise remains very small as a percentage of overall revenue and we'd assume that you guys are continuing to invest in that in the sales and support effort. Just any way to think about OpEx over the balance of the year would be great.
Howard Hideshima
This is Howard again. The OpEx this quarter was affected primarily -- one of the major increases was basically the translational ForEx gain/loss. So again, that would -- you can -- we don't predict that per se or fill that into our planning. But again, excluding that, I think the first quarter is always the toughest at tax rates. Our people's tax deductions get reset and what have you. So that rolls into the compensation expense. As we go throughout the year, that gets filled up and it gets taken off from there. Apart from that, we're still focused on leveraging our op expense investment that we have made. So again, grow our revenues faster and we're going to roll our operating expenses and see that leverage drop to the bottom line.
David Ryzhik
Great. And just to clarify, the 30,000 MicroBlade deployment, is that in the enterprise revenue category?
Charles Liang
Yes, for corporate private cloud basically.
Operator
And this does conclude the question and answer session of our conference call. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Liang for any closing remarks.
Charles Liang
Thank you for joining us today and looking forward to talking to you again at the end of this quarter. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Super Micro Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Conference Call. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time. Thank you.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Networking & Communication Devices, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SMCI TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksAT&T: Grand SlamT• Today, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Today, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson InvestorsAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Today, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•13 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Today, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Today, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•12 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Today, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Today, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•1 Comment4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Today, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•5 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Today, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•9 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Today, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Today, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•5 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•8 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Today, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•60 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Today, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Today, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•4 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•26 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Today, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Today, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•1 CommentRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Today, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Today, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•87 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•13 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating Users And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•47 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•20 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Today, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•32 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•25 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•121 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•18 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•6 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•49 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•19 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•35 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•79 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•201 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•16 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•18 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•11 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•30 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•29 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•21 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•3 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Southern Missouri Bancorp's (SMBC) CEO Greg Steffens on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SMBC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  7:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Liberty Property Trust's (LPT) CEO William. Hankowsky on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LPT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  7:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Avery Dennison's (AVY) CEO Mitchell Butier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Potlatch Corporation's (PCH) CEO Mike Covey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PCH•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Consumer Portfolio Services' (CPSS) CEO Charles Bradley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPSS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pacific Premier Bancorp's (PPBI) CEO Steve Gardner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PPBI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flagstar Bancorp's (FBC) CEO Sandro DiNello on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HomeStreet's (HMST) CEO Mark Mason on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HMST•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Spectris' (SEPJF) CEO John O'Higgins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SEPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Camden National's (CAC) CEO Greg Dufour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anadarko Petroleum (APC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


APC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anixter International's (AXE) CEO Bob Eck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vedanta Resources' (VDNRF) CEO Thomas Albanese on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VDNRF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FEMSA (FMX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FMX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Randstad Holding's (RANJF) CEO Jacques van den Broek on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RANJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Campus Communities' (ACC) CEO Bill Bayless on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4435Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Liang Howard DDS APC - Pasadena, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Pasadena



offices and Clinics of Dentists



Offices And Clinics Of Dentists



                            Liang Howard DDS APC
                                    



 





















L 


Liang Howard DDS APC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



451 S OAKLAND AVE PASADENA, CA 91101
Get Directions



(626) 376-0983





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $300,000.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Dentists
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Liang Howard Dds Apc has been providing Offices And Clinics Of Dentists from Pasadena. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Dr. Howard Liang, MD - New York, NY - General Surgery & Surgery | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. Howard Liang, MD(8)Login MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Howard Liang, MDSaveGeneral Surgery  | Male(8) Leave a ReviewNYU Langone Weight Management Program 530 1st Ave Ste 6C New York,  NY 10016 Get Directions View Insurance Accepted  Suggest an editDr. Howard Liang, MD is a general surgery doctor who practices in New York, NY.  He is 68 years old and has been practicing for 43 years.  Dr. Liang is affiliated with NYU Langone Medical Center .ADVERTISEMENT






 




Looking for a General Surgery Specialist?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. Zachary Gleit, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(16)Dr. Gudrun Aspelund, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(1)Dr. William Middlesworth, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(5)Dr. Vincent Duron, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(1)Dr. Jeffrey Zitsman, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(3)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atNewYork-Presbyterian/Morgan Stanley Children's HospitalHospital Referral Line: (212) 235-1531View More Providers Like ThisLearn about this doctorDr. Liang's Experience0ExperienceMatchExperience MatchSee how Dr. Liang's experience matches your preferences.1SpecialtiesFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.1Board CertificationsBoard certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which they practice.64Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.42Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.EducationLearn more about where this provider went to medical school, residency, and more.Awards & RecognitionView information about special awards and recognition for this provider.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient Satisfaction8responsesLikelihood of recommending Dr. Liang to family and friends is 5 out of 5Have you seen Dr. Liang?Leave a ReviewVisiting Dr. LiangDr. Liang accepts 18 insurance carriersView all insurance carriers Dr. Liang is now accepting new patients New York Office530 1st Ave Ste 6CNew York, NY 10016(212) 731-5466Get DirectionsFeatured General Surgery Specialists in New York, NY 10016Dr. Zachary Gleit, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(16)Dr. Gudrun Aspelund, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(1)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atNewYork-Presbyterian/Morgan Stanley Children's HospitalHospital Referral Line: (212) 235-1531Dr. William Middlesworth, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(5)Dr. Vincent Duron, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(1)View MoreAffiliated HospitalsHospital QualityCheck out the quality of care at the 1 hospitals where Dr. Liang has admitting privileges.NYU Langone Medical Center 550 1st AveNew York, NY 10016Hospital Awards0Overall Patient ExperienceView Hospital ProfileSee our General Surgery Specialists at NewYork-Presbyterian/Morgan Stanley Children's HospitalView Hospital ProfileDr. Liang's ReviewsLikelihood of recommending Dr. Liang to family and friends5.0 based on 8 total reviewsLeave a reviewDr. Liang's PerformanceTrustworthinessEXCELLENTExplains condition(s) wellEXCELLENTAnswers QuestionsEXCELLENTTime well spentEXCELLENTOffice & Staff PerformanceSchedulingEXCELLENTOffice environmentEXCELLENTStaff friendlinessEXCELLENTAverage wait time 10 to 15 minutesHave you seen Dr. Howard Liang, MD?Leave a Review.Are you Dr. Liang?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Get started today!Looking for a General Surgery Specialist?  We found others matching your search, to help you compare.Dr. Zachary Gleit, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(16)Dr. Gudrun Aspelund, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(1)Dr. William Middlesworth, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(5)Dr. Vincent Duron, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(1)Dr. Jeffrey Zitsman, MDGeneral Surgery Specialist(3)These providers are brought to you by and on medical staff atNewYork-Presbyterian/Morgan Stanley Children's HospitalHospital Referral Line: (212) 235-1531View More Providers Like ThisSee all general surgeons in New York, NY×Dr. Liang's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 months Specializes in General Surgery Board certified in General Surgery No malpractice claims found No sanctions found No board actions found×Awards & RecognitionAwards & HonorsHealthgrades Honor RollWhat is a recognized doctor Healthgrades Recognized Doctor designation identifies leading doctors who:Are board certified.Have not had their license surrendered or revoked since Healthgrades started collecting data in 2000.Have no malpractice judgments, adverse arbitration awards, or monetary settlements for the last five years in the states in which Healthgrades can collect malpractice data.Are free of state or federal disciplinary actions (sanctions) for the last five years.Healthgrades updates the Recognized Doctor list quarterly based on board certification data. Healthgrades also receives sanction and malpractice data throughout the year, depending on how frequently the state medical boards release updates. We remove a newly sanctioned doctor from the Recognized Doctor list as soon as we receive the information. However, it is important to note that malpractice information is publically available in only 14 states.Media & PublicationsDr. Liang has no media or publications listed.Background Check 0 Malpractice ClaimsNo malpractice history found for New York.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0Board ActionsNo board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Board CertificationsWhy It Matters: Dr. Liang's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the... More Why It Matters: Dr. Liang's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the United States.Board certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which he or she practices. A board-certified doctor is more likely than a non-board-certified doctor to have the most current skills and knowledge about how to treat your medical condition.Dr. Liang is Board Certified in:General SurgeryAccrediting Board: American Board of Surgery ** This information is proprietary data maintained in a copyrighted database compilation owned by the American Board of Medical Specialties. Copyright 2017 American Board of Medical Specialties. All rights reserved.Less General SurgeryConditions TreatedAbdominal DisordersAbdominal PainAbscessAnal DisordersAnal and Rectal CancerAneurysmAppendicitisBenign TumorBiliary AtresiaBreast CancerBreast DiseasesBreast LumpCancerCholecystitis and GallstonesCollapsed Lung (Pneumothorax)Colorectal CancerConstipationCrohn's DiseaseDiaphragmatic and-or Hiatal HerniaEsophageal DiseasesEsophageal VaricesFractureGallbladder and Biliary Tract CancerGallstonesGastrointestinal DiseasesGynecologic CancerHemorrhoidsHerniaHyperparathyroidismIncisional HerniaInflammatory Bowel DiseaseInguinal HerniaIntestinal AbscessIntestinal ObstructionLipomasLiver CancerLung CancerNeuroendocrine TumorsPancreatic CancerParathyroid (Gland) DiseasePartial Lung CollapsePeripheral Arterial AneurysmPeripheral Arterial Aneurysm and DissectionPeripheral Arterial DissectionPeripheral Arterial Embolism and ThrombosisPeripheral Vascular Disease (PAD, PVD)Phlebitis and ThrombophlebitisPulmonary DiseasePyloric StenosisRib FractureSecondary MalignanciesSmall Intestine CancerSoft Tissue SarcomaStomach CancerStomach DiseasesStomach and Small Intestine CancerThrombosisThyroid CancerUlcerUlcerative ColitisUmbilical HerniaVaricose VeinsVascular DiseaseVentral HerniaEducationMedical SchoolWashington Univ Sch Of MedGraduated in 1974Internship HospitalNyu Langone Medical CenterCompleted in 1975Residency HospitalNyu Langone Medical CenterCompleted in 1982Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Liang does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Liang and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesGeneral SurgeryProcedures PerformedAbscess or Fluid Incision and DrainageAdrenalectomyAppendectomy, LaparoscopicAppendectomy, OpenColectomyColon and Rectal SurgeryDressing and-or Debridement of Wound, Infection, or Burn (incl. Negative Pressure Wound Therapy)Enterostomy (Laparoscopic or Open)Esophageal SurgeryExcision of Skin LesionExcision of Stomach TumorExcision, Shaving, or Destruction of Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue (incl. Mohs Micrographic Surgery), Tissue TransferFemoral Hernia Repair, OpenGallbladder RemovalGallbladder Removal (Cholecystectomy), LaparoscopicGallbladder Removal (Cholecystectomy), OpenGastroenterology ProceduresHepatectomyHernia RepairIncision and Removal of Foreign ObjectInguinal Hernia Repair, OpenIntestinal Transplant (incl. Enterectomy)Laparoscopic Surgical ProcedureLaparotomyLung SurgeryLymph Node Biopsy or ExcisionOpen Diaphragmatic and-or Paraesophageal Hiatal Hernia RepairOpen Incisional and-or Ventral Hernia RepairOrchiectomyPeripheral Artery CatheterizationProctectomy, Open or Laparoscopic (incl. Swenson and Duhamel Procedures)Removal of Reproductive Organs (Hysterectomy, Oophorectomy, Salpingectomy, Salpingo-Oophorectomy, Resection of Peritoneal Malignancy)Removal or Destruction of Rectal or Intestinal Tumor (incl. Colonoscopy, Proctosigmoidoscopy, Sigmoidoscopy and Control of Hemorrhage)SplenectomySplenectomy and SplenorrhaphyStomach SurgeryThoracentesisTracheal SurgeryTransendoscopic Stent PlacementUmbilical or Ventral Hernia Repair, LaparoscopicVaginal SurgeryWound Repair

































 


 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.





 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























