



Liberty Harbor Llc in Brunswick, GA 31520 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Georgia
» Brunswick
» New Homes
» Liberty Harbor Llc








 





Liberty Harbor Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





101 Conservation Way  Brunswick, Georgia 31520


(912) 554-3800
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Liberty Harbor Llc is located at the address 101 Conservation Way in Brunswick, Georgia 31520.  They can be contacted via phone at (912) 554-3800 for pricing, hours and directions.  Liberty Harbor Llc specializes in Heating & Cooling, Patios, Investment Property.  Liberty Harbor Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Bobby  Barfield, Manager or  go to www.mylibertyharbor.comLiberty Harbor Llc provides Remodeling, Development, Foundations to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Liberty Harbor Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Liberty Harbor Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Chippers
, Concrete
, Motors
, Siding
, Ceramic
, Brick
, Central Air
, Vinyl Siding
, Insulation
, Built-In Units



SERVICES


Marketing
, Water Systems
, Electrical
, Construction
, Sand & Gravel Work
, Building
, Development
, Remodeling
, Demolition & Removals
, Foundations


 BRANDS


Owens Corning
, Kohler
, Whirlwind
, Sears
, Carrier
, Energy Star
, Whirlpool
, Lennox
, Wick
, American Standard


 SPECIALTIES


Waterfront Property
, Custom Construction
, Walls
, Gutters
, Investment Property
, Patios
, Lots
, Coastal Property
, Heating & Cooling
, Ranch Property



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (912) 554-3800
Website: www.mylibertyharbor.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 6
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
Specialties: Rentals, Apartments, Homes, Condos
Specialties Syn: Condominiums, Houses
CATEGORIES:


New Homes
Real Estate



People Also Viewed


Palmetto Point Inc


3805 Community Rd  Brunswick, Georgia 31520




Oak Grove Island Limited Llp


104 Key Dr  Brunswick, Georgia 31520




R L Construction


6508 New Jesup Hwy  Brunswick, Georgia 31523





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Bobby  Barfield
MANAGER
Phone: (912) 554-3800 
 



Kevin  Parks
BROKER/OWNER
Phone: (912) 554-3800 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












LIBERTY HARBOR LLC - CLEVELAND, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



CLEVELAND



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            LIBERTY HARBOR LLC
                                    



 





















L 


LIBERTY HARBOR LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1600 W 2ND ST STE 1100 CLEVELAND, OH 44113
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Liberty Harbor Llc is located at 1600 W 2nd St Ste 1100 in Cleveland and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 




Liberty Harbor North Urban Renewal LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























liberty harbor north urban renewal llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: Real Estate Owners & Developers
Liberty Harbor North Urban Renewal LLC provides real estate services. The Company operates as a land sub-divider and developer.




Corporate Information
Address:

United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 







Liberty Harbor Holding, LLC































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










April 17, 2012
Liberty Harbor Holding, LLC



Track this case


Case Number:
2:12-bk-19958
Court:
New Jersey
Nature of Suit:

Firms

Becker Meisel
Chiesa Shahinian
Cole Schotz
Genova Burns
McElroy Deutsch
Saul Ewing
Stark & Stark
Trenk DiPasquale
Wasserman Jurista

Sectors & Industries:









View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Coverage


December 20, 2013
NJ Developer Faces Ch. 11 Challenge Over $350M Land Row
A management company with a stake in the $350 million Jersey City, N.J., property at the center of Liberty Harbor Holding LLC's proposed Chapter 11 reorganization plan urged a New Jersey bankruptcy court Thursday not to confirm the plan until a real estate dispute is resolved.


							2 other articles on this case. View all »



Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In





















Welcome To Liberty Harbor








































WW GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. / LIBERTY HARBOR DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
                          


                          WW Group Holdings was founded by Gary Waxman in 1990 as a parent company to several successful steel related firms.  WW Group Holdings built a reputation for acquiring and turning around failing steel related companies and piecing together a solid, integrated business involving steel trading and distribution, the manufacturing of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems, as well as hardware, metal doors, and frames.  At the time of its sale, in November 2004, WW Group Holdings had more than 40 locations and 1,300 employees.  Since 2002, WW Group Holdings has diversified into real estate development, applying the same financial discipline and aggressive management which has been the hallmark of their success for 15 years.


                            Gary Waxman 
                            CEO, WW Group Holdings, Inc. and Principal, Liberty Harbor Development, LLC




Summary: 
    Gary possesses a rare combination of the most insightful and exacting vision, energetic and passionate leadership and the razor focus of a bottom line business manager who is unstoppable.  It is this unique skill set that helped him build the largest network of contract hardware distributors in the United States.  Gary has worked with his family in the development, construction, management, and acquisition of hundreds of apartments, as well as commercial properties.
                          Education:
                          
  Emory University School of Business, BBA
                          Projects:
Liberty Harbor , Brunswick , GA – 110 acre, 1600+/- unit waterfront destination condominium, hotel, and retail development in the Golden Isles area of Georgia ’s Atlantic Coast.
                          
                          Jeff Weiner 
                            CPA, Vice Chairman, WW Group Holdings, Inc. and CFO, Liberty Harbor Development, LLC
                          Summary: 
    Jeff Weiner started his career at Arthur Andersen as an audit accountant. He joined a former client, a steel service center company in 1982, moving from Controller to President in seven years. Mr. Weiner joined WW Group Holdings in 1991, where he currently serves as Vice Chairman and CFO of Liberty Harbor Development, LLC. Over the last 15 years, Jeff has been involved with the, renovation, and/or leasing of millions of square feet of manufacturing, warehouse and distribution, and office facilities on behalf of WW Group Holdings.
    Education: 
    Miami University , graduate cum laude
                          
Mike Friedman
                            VP Sales & Marketing, Liberty Harbor Development, LLC
                          Summary: 
    An integral part of the 8 most successful real estate launches in Florida history. Mike’s dynamic and aggressive marketing strategies on these developments have generated over $1 billion in revenue. As the leader of the Sales & Marketing initiatives for Liberty Harbor , Mike will bring his vast track record of success to ensure the community sets the new standard for real estate sales in coastal Georgia . 
                          Education: 
    University of California , MS
                          Projects:
Reunion Resort & Club, Orlando , FL
Tesoro, Port St. Lucie , FL
Hammock Beach , Palm Coast , FL
Bella Collina, Monteverde , FL 
Paul Levine
      
                          President, Paul Levine & Associates and Strategic Advisor to Liberty Harbor, LLC 
                           
Summary: 
                           Paul Levine & Associates and Strategic Advisor to Liberty Harbor , LLC Summary:
                          Paul Levine & Associates owns, manages and assists others in managing a diverse group of industrial and service companies. Consistently achieving major turnaround results and substantial return on investments, the firm has helped its clients gain favorable coverage within the financial community, attract and retain the personnel required to maintain corporate momentum and implement financial reporting, cost forecasting and establish early warning, capital and operating budgets. 
                          Education:
    Harvard University and the Fletcher School of International Law and Economics
CONSULTANTS TO WW GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
 D. Kenneth Patton, CRE
                           Director NYU Real Estate Institute 
    Summary: 
    A pioneer in urban economic development, D. Kenneth Patton has more than 30 years experience as an economist, real estate consultant and developer. He served for 13 years as COO of Helmsley-Spear, Inc where he brokered more than $1 billion worth of transactions. Prior to joining Helmsley-Spear, Kenneth served for 7 years as President of the Real Estate Board of New York. He also served for six years as New York City ’s Economic Development Administrator and Commissioner of Commerce, heading the creation of the nation’s largest and most comprehensive effort at urban economic developmentBackground:
Economic Development Administrator/Commissioner of Commerce, City of New York
Established the nation’s first network of Urban Industrial Parks.
Assembled 2,000 acres of land for job development.
Purchased and restored Yankee Stadium.
Aided in the revitalization of film production in New York City.
Created Operation Main street New York City , upgraded shopping streets in 120 neighborhoods.
Rebuilt the Marine Passenger Terminal.
Organized and funded the Convention Center Authority which later produced the Javits Convention Center.
Funded and supported the South Street Seaport.
Created 3 major ‘downtown’ re-developments in the outer boroughs.
Advanced the case of minority business development.
Purchased and redeveloped the Brooklyn Navy Yard which created over 16,000 jobs.
Privatized Public Markets and constructed Hunts Point Market.
President of the Real Estate Board of New York
Involved the real estate industry in the civic betterment of New York .
    Represented the Real Estate Industry in the ‘Work Out’ of New York City ’s financial crisis.
Chaired Governor Carey’s Committee on Issues in Transportation and re-defined the role of the Port Authority in economic development.
Acted as HUD’s principal private sector consultant in setting up the U.D.A.G. program and advised on transaction in 12 rounds of U.D.A.G. loans.
Revised the architecture of the U.D.A.G. program from a grant to a loan program and assisted in the training of staff and community in use of the program.
 
                         
                       Senior Vice President/Director of Operations Hemsley-Spear, Inc., New York , NY
Acted as a private developer during this period, creating economic revitalization projects in challenging urban areas.
Associate Dean & Director, New York University , The Real Estate Institute, New York , NY 
Administrative head of the country’s largest professional real estate program encompassing 6,000 non-credit students and 250 Masters of Science in Real Estate students annually.
Education:
    Northwestern Kellogg School of Management , MBA 
                          Projects:
Yankee Stadium, Bronx , NY – purchase for City of New York and restoration.
Marine Passenger Terminal, New York , NY – Rebuilt for the City of New York
Brooklyn Navy Yard, Brooklyn , NY – purchase and redevelop for the City of New York 
Hunts Point Market, New York NY
Key Bank center and 2 office buildings – Newburgh , NY - 120,000 sq. ft., $100 million
The Aerospace Center - Washington , D.C. - 380,000 sq. ft, $220 million
The re-use of Bucknell Military Hospital - Brigham City , Utah - 2,000,000 sq. ft.
Mt. St. Mary ’s School - Peekskill , NY – Residential Conversion - 56 units, $2 million
Ansonia Clockworks, Brooklyn , NY - Residential Conversion - 76 units, $3.5 million
The Old Mill, Paterson , NJ – Residential Conversion - 150,000 sq. ft.

ARCHITECTURE 

Perkins Eastman 
                          
                        Since its founding in 1981, Perkins Eastman has become a leading international architecture, urban design, and interior design firm offering programming, planning, design, strategic planning and consulting, real estate and economic analyses, and program management services. Forging a multi-faceted practice around the interests of our principal designers, we have cultivated a diverse portfolio of projects for private- and public-sector clients in the following practice areas:
                          


 Corporate interiors
Cultural
Education
Healthcare
Hospitality
Housing
Laboratories
Mixed-use
Public sector
Religious
Senior living
Urban design 

 



  The firm is united in the belief that innovative design is the result of an understanding of client goals, building type, context, and budget, and the synthesis of these issues by principal-level architects with proven design abilities. This philosophy allows us to produce award-winning projects and earn the respect of our clients, resulting in many long-term relationships.
  

  This dual concern with client satisfaction and design excellence has fostered organic growth; we have expanded from our small design office roots into a service-oriented firm of approximately 550 staff with offices in New York, NY; Charlotte, NC; Chicago, IL; Los Angeles, CA; McLean, VA; Oakland, CA; Pittsburgh, PA; Shanghai, PRC; Stamford, CT; and Toronto, ON. The firm is also strengthened by two affiliate companies offering landscape architecture and real estate and transportation planning services.

Housing
  One of Perkins Eastman's largest practice areas is housing, ranging from single-family residences to large-scale high-rise, low-rise and mixed-use developments; from low-income to middle-income and luxury apartment complexes; and housing for special populations. The firm has also designed private homes and apartments, subdivisions for single-family homes, and multi-unit townhouse developments in several states

Projects:
Avalon Riverview, Queens, NY
Canterbury Green, Stamford, CT
Clayton Park, White Plains, NY
Fox Way Commons, Pittsburgh, PA
Old Country Park Master Plan, Plainview, NY

www.perkinseastman.com LAND PLANNING 

EDSA 
  EDSA has established itself as one of the world's leading planning and landscape architectural firms in the world. Practicing since 1960, the firm is widely recognized for its abilities to deal with a variety of complex landscape architectural projects both domestically and internationally. Our experience spans the globe across the United States to China, Latin America and other exciting destinations abroad.
                          EDSA has the resources to manage every planning and design challenge for public and private sector clients. The EDSA staff consists of approximately 150 planners, landscape architects, urban designers, graphic designers, and support personnel. As a unique service and an integral part of landscape architectural design, EDSA offers complete Graphic Design services including environmental graphics, logo design, and print production and design guidelines. In addition, the firm employs an interdisciplinary approach to its projects and often collaborates with experts in other fields such as architecture, engineering, economic and market research, traffic planning, social sciences and ecology. 
                          
Edward D. Stone Jr, FASLA, Chairman
Edward D. Stone, Jr., Chairman and founder of EDSA is a graduate of Yale University and Harvard University. Following service as a US Air Force Fighter Pilot, Mr. Stone began his professional career in 1959, in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. In 1960, he founded EDSA. Throughout 44 years of professional practice, Mr. Stone and his firm have developed recognized expertise in planning and design for resort and community developments.
                           
                          

Joseph J. Lalli, FASLA, President, and Managing Principal 
Joseph is currently President and Managing Principal of EDSA and has been responsible for the management, design and production of numerous projects ranging from resorts and hotels to golf and mixed-use community developments, as a mentor and teacher, Joe effectively involves younger EDSA generations in all aspects of the profession – inspiring them with his undeniable passion. 
Gregg R. Sutton, Associate Principal 
Joining EDSA in 1996, Greg has more than 12 years experience in many aspects of landscape architecture, ranging from large-scale planning to detail site design. He has been a valuable team member in the management of many projects.
  
Major projects include the following:
Downtown Disney’s West Side, Walt Disney World, Florida,
                              Disney’s West Side is the newest component within Walt Disney World’s recently created “Downtown Disney” district, comprised of the Village Marketplace and Pleasure Island. This location-based entertainment attraction was master planned for 600,000 square feet of high energy venues. EDSA prepared the project’s overall master plan and provided full-service detailed site design for all exterior spaces associated with the project, including full time construction administration. EDSA also played a key role in establishing the project’s themed environment and design of its themed elements. 
                              

                              Paradise Island, Nassau, Bahamas
                              This 30-acre mega-resort offers 1,147 hotel rooms, 12 restaurants, an 18-hole golf course, private airport, and a 30,000-square foot casino. The centerpiece of Atlantis is a 14-acre waterscape of meandering streams, freshwater pools, saltwater lagoons, and waterfalls amidst a tropical garden setting of more than 1,400 coconut palms. In addition, there are numerous aquariums where guests can observe 100 species of marine life including predatory sharks, barracudas, stingrays, and sea turtles. EDSA acted as the design team leader for all site works during design development and construction document preparation. EDSA continued its role as design team leader throughout the construction coordination responsibilities.
                              

                            Orlando International Airport, Orlando, Florida
                              Due to Orlando International Airport’s emergence as a global gateway to Florida, the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority decided to improve the overall visual image of the airport. This expansion project included a number of elements including: 3 miles of airport access roadways and bridges, a 450-room Hyatt Regency hotel, new terminal areas, and the Great Hall interior atrium. EDSA provided master landscape planning, complete design, and extensive construction observation services for all areas of this project.

www.edsaplan.com  
ENGINEERING
THOMAS & HUTTON ENGINEERING CO.


                            The company was founded in 1946. As consultants to private, industrial, municipal and government clients, the firm has concentrated its skills in the areas of civil, environmental, marine and structural engineering, surveying, and Geographic Information Systems. Offices are located in Savannah and St. Simons Island, Georgia as well as Charleston and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. 
                            The firm is highly knowledgeable in the planning, design and function of engineering projects in a coastal environment. Ninety percent of Thomas & Hutton's design work is for projects within 150 miles of the coast. Strong professional relationships are maintained with state resource agencies, the Corps of Engineers, and local, state, and federal government representatives within the Coastal Empire. Thomas & Hutton has worked with these agencies on engineering reports and major design projects. 
                              Thomas & Hutton has more than 200 professionals and support staff that include principals who are actively involved in all planning and design assignments. Survey teams, project and design engineers, and technical resource personnel assure that projects are efficiently developed from planning and permitting phases through construction management and operations' certification
                              
Sam McCachern, Senior Vice President 
                              Sam is a professional engineer with 20 years of experience designing and managing residential site development projects, particularly in the coastal region of Georgia and South Carolina. 
                              
Charles Ezelle, Civil Engineer 
                              Charles is a professional engineer with 8 years of experience designing and coordinating the construction of residential site development projects along the Georgia coast. His duties for Liberty Harbor include project coordination, rezoning, and permitting in addition to the engineering design of the site. www.thomas-hutton.com
                              
Notable projects include:
Limeburn Condominiums, Glynn Count, Georgia
Lake Cottages, St. Simons, Georgia
 Golden Isles Condominiums, St. Simons Georgia
760 Ocean Boulevard Condominiums, St. Simons, Georgia
Sea Palms Beach Condominiums, St. Simons Island, Georgia
St. Simons Island Grand, St. Simons Island, Georgia
Ocean Forest, Sea Island, Georgia
www.thomas-hutton.com                            

CONSTRUCTION MANAGER AND GENERAL CONTRACTOR
J. HOLDEN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY



                          J. Holden Construction Company, a Construction Manager and General Contractor located in Warrensville Heights, Ohio, has developed a solid expertise in virtually all aspects of the construction industry by bringing more than 85 years of combined construction experience to its clients.  

The J. Holden Construction team has been involved in the development and construction of projects exceeding $1 billion, specializing in multi-family construction and rehabilitation, making them one of the largest participants in construction and development of multi-family housing in the state of Ohio.  Some of their most recent completed projects include a residential multi-family high-rise building, notably the largest HUD financed project in the State of Ohio, and the renovation and expansion of a high end retail project with costs exceeding $35 million.
Mark Milstein
                              Mr. Milstein is Senior Project Manager for J. Holden Construction Company. Mr. Milstein’s responsibilities include management analysis, construction design and delivery, and contract development.
                              Mr. Milstein joined Associated Estates Corporation in December 1987, and worked as a Senior Project Manager in AEC’s Construction Division (Adam Construction Company). Mr. Milstein currently serves on the Board of Directors of Associates Estates Realty Corporation.
Mark Milstein graduated from Southern Methodist University in 1985 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in mathematics. He received his Masters of Business Administration in Real Estate Finance from Southern Methodist University in 1987.
Jay Fraigun
                                
                          Mr. Fraigun has developed an expertise in a wide range of construction projects ranging from moderate to substantial rehabilitation of existing buildings and new construction that includes two-story walk-ups, multi-story apartment buildings and nursing homes. He attended Ohio State University from 1964-1968.
                              In addition to his position as President/Project Manager of J. Holden Construction Company, Mr. Fraigun served as Vice President of Estates Insurance Agency, prepared specifications, determined loss exposures, prepared bids, and purchased all of the insurance requirements of NYSE listed companies. Mr. Fraigun has since become a licensed insurance agent for both life and property/casualty and has completed several parts of the CPU requirement designated for a chartered property underwriter.
                              Gene J. Stancak
                                Serving as Vice President for J. Holden Construction Company, Ltd. since its inception in 1998, Gene Stancak is responsible for day to day operation in addition to overseeing project estimating, project delivery, and contract development, change order procedures and responding to RFP’s and RFI’s from Owners/Architects, etc. He is also fluent in developing and implementing CPM scheduling, as well as construction claims resolution

ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTANT
Duane Harris 
                              Formerly the Coastal Resources Division Director for the Georgia Department of Natural Resources, whose mission it is to sustain, enhance, protect and conserve the state’s natural resources, Duane now serves as an environmental consultant to coastal developments including Liberty Harbor.
                             
                              
                              
JHS Resort Design, Inc.

JHS Resort Design Team specializes in projects that involve the integrated services of architecture, interior design and engineering to create market leading, luxury, for sale primary and secondary resort communities. The team is led by Mr. Clint Burdett, a principal in the firm who has practiced with JHS since his graduation from the University of Kansas. Mr. Burdett has become a soughtout expert in the field of high end resort development and currently has projects underway in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Texas.

					      His team takes on a very limited number of clients on an annual basis. In 2005 two clients accounted for over 90% of the team's workload. These two clients, Drake Development and The Ginn Company accounted for an aggregate construction value in excess of $100 million during this time period. These projects ranged from a 95 unit project in Palm Coast, Florida to preliminary planning for a $140 million project in Galveston, Texas comprising of condominiums, pool amenities, restaurant, spa, fitness and retail spaces.

					      The team is typically involved in resort projects from initial site selection to the final certificate of occupancy, and offers services in site analysis, site planning, building design and engineering, landscape planning, telecommunications coordination, interior design, furniture planning, furniture specification and procurement, equipment planning, and construction administration. Since 1998, The JHS Digital Design Studio has provided multimedia design services for sales and marketing materials including highly detailed, realistic, virtual reality walk-throughs of selected projects.

HOSPITALITY CONSULTANT

BAZARIAN INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL ASSOCIATES, LLC
                              Investment Banking
                            
Carl Bazarian, Jr., Principal 
                              Bazarian International is an international investment banking firm located in Washington, D.C. providing clients with extensive financial services at every stage of their project. The company was founded by Carl J. Bazarian who is a seasoned veteran in hospitality developments, international finance, and project advisory. Bazarian International has as its mission to provide clients with the highest-quality service, guidance, and efficiency in order to produce the most successful project possible. 
                              Bazarian will recommend the luxury hotel/lodging brands conducive to the above attributes. Once the Liberty Harbor development team decides upon the most suitable and desirable brand for the project, Bazarian International will provide strategic consultation in the negotiation, execution, and implementation of a suitable branding agreement.
                              Prior to founding Bazarian International, Carl Bazarian spent 20 years at East-West Financial Services in Washington, providing investment banking services to over 40 projects throughout the Caribbean, as well as in countries such as Argentina, Costa Rica, Armenia, Georgia, Greece, and the Ukraine. 
                              
Projects in the Caribbean where he has completed investment banking assignments include:
Four Seasons, Exuma
The Marriott and Americana Hotels, Aruba
The Marriott Los Suenos, Costa Rica
Golden Anchor Yacht Club, Bonaire 
The Renaissance Resort Ocho Rios, Jamaica
Current resort projects include:
The Westin Macao Beach in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic
The Mandarin Oriental in the Cayman Islands 
The Ritz-Carlton in Aruba 
The Ritz-Carlton Isle of West Caicos, Turks & Caicos 
LEGAL COUNCIL/ ENTITLEMENTS 
EPSTEIN BECKER & GREEN, P.C. 

Maxine Hicks, Managing Partner, CPA 
                            Maxine Hicks is a shareholder and member of the Board of Directors of Epstein Becker & Green, P.C. Working out of the firm’s Atlanta office, Maxine heads the national real estate division of the firm and has extensive experience in the acquisition and development of properties, as well as experience in leasing, state and federal regulation of real property, and municipal planning. Maxine acts as representative for developers of residential, commercial, resort and mixed-use planned communities on a broad range of real estate issues. In addition to her day job she is also a noted author and lecturer on issues relating to master-planned communities and has been invited to speak before many organizations including:
                           American Bar Association Real Property Section
American Resort Development AssociationNational Association of Home BuildersCommunity Association Institute
                              
                          She has written articles for:Building News
American BuilderMulti-Housing News
                              In total, the firm has more than 375 attorneys practicing in 11 offices throughout the United States and affiliations worldwide. 

                              www.ebglaw.com/home.htm

LEGAL SERVICES
ULMER & BERNE LLP



                          From the acquisition and financing of a corporate headquarters to the construction of a publicly funded sporting facility, the lawyers of Ulmer & Berne have the background and experience to successfully complete a client’s real estate project.
Privately and publicly held corporations, as well as individual investors, around the country turn to Ulmer & Berne real estate lawyers for assistance in all aspects of real estate law, whether it’s leasing, acquisitions, shopping center development, tackling difficult environmental issues, private and public financing, property taxation including tax exemptions and abatements, land assemblage and zoning, tax credit syndications, residential and commercial construction, multi-family development, tax-deferred exchanges or any of the multitude of other real estate needs a client may have. 
Ranked No. 14 by Midwest Real Estate News magazine in 2005 as one of the Top 25 Real Estate Law Firms in the Midwest, Ulmer & Berne boasts a real estate practice consisting of lawyers with a broad scope of talent and expertise. The firm’s real estate lawyers are listed in national publications such as Chambers USA and Best Lawyers in America, as well as in state and local publications as being among the tops in their profession.
The firm serves as national leasing counsel to a specialty retailer with approximately 900 stores around the country, and is regularly engaged by the world’s largest restaurant company (with over 33,000 restaurants worldwide) with respect to property transfers around the country. Their clients also include leading apartment owners and developers, shopping center owners, general contractors, national home builders, property managers, lenders, investors, municipalities and school districts. Their local and national clients reflect the diverse and specialized areas engaged in by the firm’s real estate lawyers. 

McElroy, Deutsch, Mulvaney 
						        & Carpenter, LLP
								Albert J. Pucciarelli, Chair the Hotels and Resorts Practice Group of McElroy, Deutsch, Mulvaney & Carpenter, LLP., has been retained for the negotiation of agreements for the hotel portion of Liberty Harbor. Mr. Pucciarelli was Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Inter-Continental Hotels & Resorts (1988 – 1998), one of the world’s major hotel companies, and is a recognized expert with a broad range of experience in hotel development and operations. He represents developers of major downtown and resort hotels, including Courtyard, Marriott, Ritz-Carlton, Mandarin Oriental, Westin, Hyatt and other hotel and resort projects. Mr. Pucciarelli is a member of various bar association committees, including the American Bar Association Hospitality Industry Liaison Subcommittee, and was Chair of the Hotels, Restaurants and Tourism Committee of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York (2001-2004). He is a frequent speaker at conferences on hotel and resort development and has written many articles on the subject.
								McElroy, Deutsch, Mulvaney & Carpenter, LLP, with over 220 lawyers in five offices, offers a full range of legal services for corporate and individual clients. 

								  www.mdmc-law.com
 MORRISTOWN, NJ  NEWARK, NJ  RIDGEWOOD,NJ  NEW YORK, NY  DENVER, CO


REAL ESTATE SALES SERVICES
WEICHERT, REALTORS

Kevin Parks, Broker/Owner 
                              Kevin Parks is a Broker/Owner of Weichert Realtors; a firm’s whose 2004 sales were $62.5 billion. The companies Lead Network is the only one of its kind in the industry. It is open 7 days a week and an average of 12 hours each day. The company is at the forefront of the industry in lead capture and has an average of 2.4 million visitors to its web site per month. The Lead Network gives Weichert the ability to respond within minutes of an internet inquiry. Weichert and Kevin’s team along with their Lead Network will provide the infrastructure and support to manage the reservation and sales process as Liberty Harbor. 

Weichert Realtors has been responsible for closing thousands of unit sales for the following notable projects:
                            
The Plaza Resort & Spa, Daytona Beach, FL
The Palisades, Fort Lee, NJ
The Portofino, Jersey City, NJ
www.weichert.com/office/Office.asp?CEQ_OfficeCode=50-G10 

MARKETING AND ADVERTISEMENT
EPIPHANY BRANDING & MARKETING SERVICES
Elva Pellouchoud, President 
                              Epiphany specializes in the development and implementation of brand and marketing initiatives for resort real estate communities and hotels across the country and abroad. The proprietary programs created and executed by Epiphany principals have helped developers sell more than $2 billion in real estate at paces that far exceed their respective market’s absorption rates. 
                              

Notable projects include:
The Palmyra Resort & Spa, Jamaica
Spanish Peaks, Montana
Reunion Resort & Club, Orlando, FL
Tesoro, Port St. Lucie, FL
Hammock Beach, Palm Coast, FL
Grand Elk, Colorado
Riverwalk, Colorado
Alpenglow, Colorado
BriarRose, Georgia
Oceanview, Delaware
LOCAL PUBLIC RELATIONS
FAULKENBERRY CERTAIN ADVERTISING, INC.
Lawrence H. Certain, Executive Vice President 
                              A native of St. Simons Island, Certain received his undergraduate and graduate degree from the University of Georgia’s Grady School of Journalism and Mass Communications. Prior to becoming co-owner and an equity partner in Faulkenberry Certain in 1987, he was Senior Vice President of Unger Associates, Inc., an international advertising agency headquartered in Atlanta, GA. He currently serves on numerous civic and charitable boards in Glynn County and has received more than 60 industry awards for his create work. 
                              

REAL ESTATE CONSULTANT
A.B. Scharf & Company Ltd.
Alan Scharf, President                          
                              Based in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, A.B. Scharf and Company Ltd. has been in business for 25 years providing real estate consulting services to institutional and private clients. During its tenure the firm has provided strategic leadership for projects such as LNR Properties, Centex Homes, Gulfstream Housing Corporation, Cenvile Corporation, and Chase Manhattan Bank.

LOCAL LEGAL CONSULTANT
Jim Bishop 
                                A resident of the Golden Isles of 38 years, he is well known in his practice, specializing in local, regional, and state matters.

SECURITY INTEGRATION
CHANDLER SECURITY SYSTEMS, INC.

Jim Chandler, President 
                          Chandler Security Systems, Inc. began providing security integration services in 1984 and has steadily grown, taking on larger projects while earning a stellar reputation within the Security industry as a company committed to quality workmanship and customer satisfaction. This reputation allows the company access to the top manufactures in the security industry who offer the highest quality and most innovative products. The company will provide the latest technology to seamlessly integrate and manage Access Control, ID Management, Alarm Monitoring, Physical Asset Management, Digital Video, and Wide Area Network Functions for the Liberty Harbor community. 

Major products include the following:
The Connecticut State Capitol, located in Hartford, CT 
                                This project included the instillation and integration of new video surveillance equipment, a video switch, networked digital video recording, card access and more.
                                The Mohegan Sun Casino Expansion, located in Uncasville, CT 
                                Chandler Security System was installed over 1500 cameras using state of the art technology for the expansion of the casino. The entire project tripled the square footage of the existing casino to over 4 million square feet and cost over $1 billion to complete.
www.chandlersecurityinc.com 

PREFERRED LENDER
WELLS FARGO HOME MORTGAGE





Nico Bolzan, Market Manager 
                                Nico Bolzan is the Southeastern Market Manager for Wells Fargo Home Mortgage, the #1 Retail Mortgage Lender for 12 consecutive years, the #1 New Construction Lender and the #1 Home Equity Lender. Providing financing for approximately one out of eight American homes, Wells Fargo Home Mortgage services a portfolio of more than 5 million customers with a loan balance of more than $891 billion. Nico Bolzan will work with Liberty Harbor as the preferred lender of the project.

                                www.wellsfargo.com/mortgage/














Copyright © 2005 Liberty Harbor 
 


 
 











Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Environmental Consulting Services Industry Report


















Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLCCompany Information

200 West StNew York, NY, 10282 United States(212) 902-1000 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLC Company Profile
Services, nec, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

New York, NY, United States
Environmental Consulting Services







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Environmental Consulting Services Industry Report















Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLC Revenue and Financial Data
Services, nec, nsk







Financials Information for Liberty Harbor Natural Resources Fund, LLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.08 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Medium
                        These businesses have a moderate projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure.






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















Home | Liberty HarborLive The DreamThe VisionWelcome to a place where it’s all within reach; where life is different, unique and better than before. It is a community built on possibility. Liberty Harbor is built upon being more than a living space. It is where you will find the world’s city at your doorstep. Where life and lifestyles blend seamlessly to exceed expectations. Welcome to Liberty Harbor’s Jersey City apartments. A new center, a new design for living – and a new era on the Gold Coast.Community Map333 Grand50 RegentThe ZenithThe RegentThe JunctionBrownstonesThe SuttonWe began this enterprise with a vision: to raise the bar of luxury and high-tech convenience in urban living… and to create a comfortable environment totally in sync with your busy lifestyle. That vision has been realized in Liberty Harbor, our Jersey City apartments. With its close proximity to New York City and its great waterfront location, Liberty Harbor is the perfect fit for the new downtown area.With exciting floor plans and a full menu of design options, these Jersey City condominiums, town houses and rental residences of this tech-enabled community truly make Liberty Harbor a dream residence.Liberty Harbor simply offers the best of the best when it comes to luxury apartments for rent in Jersey City. From outstanding amenities, to breathtaking views, Liberty Harbor residents have it all. Our Jersey City apartments cater to the needs of residents while embracing the urban lifestyle. For commuters and city dwellers alike- our residences offer exactly what you need to feel at home only a hop, skip and jump from the Big Apple. It truly does not get much better than Liberty Harbor.Community Map


Ironstate Development | Liberty Harbor















Home
About Us
Properties
Press
Contact












Liberty Harbor
A textbook example of growth through New Urbanism, Liberty Harbor is transforming the face of downtown Jersey City while preserving community institutions


Situated immediately adjacent to Jersey City’s Hudson-Bergen Light Rail, our Liberty Harbor North community will contain over 1,400 contemporary apartments in downtown Jersey City.  225 Grand, completed in 2011, is a 15-story landmark building containing 348 amenity-rich residences — all of which were leased within 10 months of the building’s opening. 18 Park, completed in 2015, is an 11-story, LEED Silver-designated building comprising 422 apartments, street-level retail including Downtown Pharmacy and Beechwood Café, and a new state-of-the-art Boys & Girls Clubs of Hudson County.


Following the principles of New Urbanism, Liberty Harbor ensures each development creates or enhances universally accessible public spaces and community institutions. One such institution is the area’s beloved Boys & Girls Clubs of Hudson County, which moved into a new 32,000 square-foot, state-of-the-art facility within 18 Park in September, 2014.  The organization, which has been in the forefront of youth development since 1893, now provides a modern and safe haven for children to help them reach their full potential.











In 2009, 225 Grand was one of the first developments in the newly-formed Liberty Harbor neighborhood of Jersey City. Strengthening housing options along the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail, the new luxury rental building helped pave the way for more transit-oriented development in the area.






“
            Hudson County indisputably rules the rental housing market 
            in New Jersey: It has the largest supply of Class A units 
            —around 13,000, according to industry experts— and commands 
the highest average rental rates of any part 
of the state. 
            ”








Prior to 225 Grand’s development, the renowned urban planner Andres Duany, founder of New Urbanism, was integral in the rezoning of Jersey City. He created a vision for a more walkable, livable city. In continuing with Duany’s framework, we created a diverse housing stock, new retail space, public parks, and community resources along public transit lines.






With modern interiors, exciting amenities and vibrant retail space, 225 Grand and 18 Park both reached full capacity in short order and helped define downtown Jersey City’s newest urban residential destination.



The Boys and Girls Clubs of Hudson County had been operating out of a building that was built in 1912 and had since become outdated, inefficient and costly to maintain.  Recognizing its critical need for a safe and modern environment, we forged a unique partnership with the organization and created a new state-of-the-art facility within 18 Park to enable it to remain in the heart of a community it has been serving for more than 100 years.






To provide a new home for The Boys and Girls Clubs of Hudson County, we constructed a brand new 32,000 square-foot, state-of-the-art facility within 18 Park for the community institution.  The new facility includes a large gymnasium with basketball courts, versatile classrooms, science labs for biology and physics, a recording studio and a teaching culinary kitchen, as well as a home for The Great Futures Charter High School for the Health Sciences, a joint effort with Jersey City Medical Center—St. Barnabas Health.






2010
Ironstate begins leasing of 225 Grand in the spring.


2012
Groundbreaking ceremony for 18 Park in June.


2014
Leasing begins for 18 Park in May.  Boys & Girls Clubs of Hudson County moves into new facility within 18 Park in September.


2016
Construction to start on 235 Grand.


2017
Construction to start on 101 Grove.







Partnering with KRE Group, we developed 18 Park alongside an existing Light Rail Station to provide a dynamic, energy-infused lifestyle for today’s urban professionals.  The property has become the centerpiece of the Liberty Harbor North neighborhood while fostering a more meaningful, socially-interactive lifestyle for residents.


LOOKING FORWARD
For Ironstate, changing the face of Downtown Jersey City also meant preserving its community institutions and strengthening its natural assets. Improving upon what is immediately available in the area as well as providing new opportunities; Ironstate’s development plan will provide essential new amenities to the district.
With 18 Park and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Hudson County’s new facilities now completed, we will break ground in 2016 on 235 Grand, a 45-story, 549-unit rental building, and in 2017 on 101 Grove, a 10-story, 131-unit rental building.  The new developments will provide additional essential housing/lifestyle opportunities as well as more public green space for Liberty harbor residents.













235 Grand, a new 45-story apartment building, will serve as a distinct welcoming gateway for the newly-revived Liberty Harbor district.  In addition to a more diverse housing stock, 235 Grand will also make way for an extension of Grove Street and the revitalization of an adjacent, underutilized park.





Following 235 Grand, we will start construction in 2017 on 101 Grove, a new 10-story, 131-unit rental building.






← Previous / Staten Island Urby
Next / Jersey City Urby →










© 2013 Ironstate Development CompanyAll rights reserved
Hoboken: 201.963.5200      SoHo: 212.966.4660



Home
About Us
Properties
Contact




Privacy Policy







 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING


































liberty harbor llc - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Form An LLC At Incorporate.com - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Liberty Harbor Cruises - Statue of Liberty Harbor Cruises.



Ad
 ·
LibertyTickets.us/​HarborCruises



Statue of Liberty Harbor Cruises. Book Online and Save Today!





New York Helicopter Tours



Ferry Services



Harbor Cruises



Ellis Island Tickets





Searches related toliberty harbor llc



gs liberty harbor llc


liberty harbor


liberty harbor north jersey city


liberty harbor development



goldman sachs liberty harbor


liberty harbor corporate credit strat...


liberty harbor brunswick georgia


goldman sachs liberty harbor capital




Web Results

Welcome To Liberty Harbor - Florida Castles

www.floridacastles.com/lib11.html


WW GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. / LIBERTY HARBOR DEVELOPMENT, LLC WW Group Holdings was founded by Gary Waxman in 1990 as a parent company to several ...


Goldman Sachs Liberty Harbor Capital LLC - Business Insider

www.businessinsider.com/goldman-sachs-liberty-harbor-capital-llc...


Goldman Sachs Is Going To Start A New Type Of Fund For Its Rich Clients . John Carney, ... The managers of GS Liberty Harbor LLC — let's call it ...


Liberty Harbor PF LPR LLC: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Liberty Harbor PF LPR LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


LIBERTY HARBOR LLC - CLEVELAND, OH - Company Information

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/libertyharborllc-cleveland...


Find the LIBERTY HARBOR LLC business profile in CLEVELAND, OH at DandB.com. Explore the Credibility Review Business Directory to learn more.


Home | Liberty Harbor

libertyharbor.com


That vision has been realized in Liberty Harbor, our Jersey City apartments. With its close proximity to New York City and its great waterfront location, ...


Liberty Harbor Llc - Chamber of Commerce

https://www.chamberofcommerce.com/.../2116938-liberty-harbor-llc


Find Liberty Harbor Llc located at 101 Conservation Way, Brunswick, Georgia, 31520. Contact 9125543800. Ratings, reviews, hours, phone number and directions from ...


LIBERTY HARBOR MASTER FUND I, L.P. C/O GOLDMAN SACHS ...

www.isda.org/lcdsprot/lcdspdf/Liberty-Harbor-MF-LP.pdf


liberty harbor master fund i, l.p. c/o goldman sachs investment strategies, llc one new york plaza, 39th floor new york, new york 10004 september 10, 2007


Contact | Liberty Harbor

libertyharbor.com/contact


Contact. Liberty Harbor, Jersey City, NJ 07302 For Sales & Rental Information Call 201-639-0333. First Name* Last Name* Phone*


Liberty Harbor Holding, LLC - Law360

https://www.law360.com/cases/4f9047c6fb1ea732a4000001


Parties, docket activity and news coverage of federal case Liberty Harbor Holding, LLC, case number 2:12-bk-19958, from New Jersey Court.


SWJ MANAGEMENT, LLC v. LIBERTY HARBOR HOLDING, LLC (2:14 ...

https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/3635459/SWJ_MANAGEMENT...


SWJ MANAGEMENT, LLC v. LIBERTY HARBOR HOLDING, LLC (2:14-cv-03311), New Jersey District Court, Filed: 05/21/2014 - PacerMonitor Mobile Federal and Bankruptcy Court ...










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Form An LLC At Incorporate.com - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Liberty Harbor Cruises - Statue of Liberty Harbor Cruises.



Ad
 ·
LibertyTickets.us/​HarborCruises



Statue of Liberty Harbor Cruises. Book Online and Save Today!





New York Helicopter Tours



Ferry Services



Harbor Cruises



Ellis Island Tickets




Searches related toliberty harbor llc



gs liberty harbor llc


liberty harbor


liberty harbor north jersey city


liberty harbor development



goldman sachs liberty harbor


liberty harbor corporate credit strat...


liberty harbor brunswick georgia


goldman sachs liberty harbor capital




12345Next






Answers







Liberty Alliance, LLC



Liberty Alliance, LLC is a private United States company with its headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia which operates a collection of conservative and...

more






Hausman LLC



Hurricane Sandy restoration repairs of infrastructure. Hausman handled PR for Natoli as the latter completed work on The Statue of Liberty. Rogers...

more






Capitol Records, LLC v Vimeo, LLC



implications of applying the safe harbor protection to recordings made before February 1972. References External links Capitol Records, LLC v. Vimeo,...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








