


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














      Lighthouse AI: More than a camera, it's an interactive assistant.
    


























So much more than the best security camera.


              It's an interactive assistant that tells you everything
            

              you want to know about your life at home.


See it in action














    Bubble: What did Bryce do while I was out yesterday?
  




“What did Bryce do while I
  was out yesterday?”










Bubble: Ping me if you don't see someone with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.




“Ping me if you don't see someone
  with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.”





Tell Lighthouse what things you care about. 
Know when they happen.








Bubble: If you don't see the kids by 4pm on weekdays, let me know.




“If you don't see the kids by 4pm 
 on weekdays, let me know.”







Bubble: Who did you see at the front door on Tuesday?




“Who did you see at the front 
 door while I was out?”










    Bubble: What did Bryce do while I was out yesterday?
  




“What did Bryce do while I
  was out yesterday?”










Bubble: Ping me if you don't see someone with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.




“Ping me if you don't see someone
  with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.”







Bubble: If you don't see the kids by 4pm on weekdays, let me know.




“If you don't see the kids by 4pm 
 on weekdays, let me know.”







Bubble: Who did you see at the front door on Tuesday?




“Who did you see at the front 
 door while I was out?”















































































01_Security






02_Search






03_Activity






04_Communication




















      Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
    








01_Security







		Security SVG icon: Lighthouse-home-security-cameras
	
























              Home security with smart AI.
            


              False alerts are practically a “feature” on home security cameras
              because their ordinary sensors get tricked by pets, headlights and
              moving shadows. Lighthouse camera's AI monitoring eliminates false alerts using a 3D sensor
              and machine learning, so it only notifies you when it
              detects actual movement triggered by a person it doesn’t recognize.
              Hit the siren or call the police, right from the alert.
            



See how




See how







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              











02_Search







		Search SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-camera
	






































              Need to know?  Just ask.
            


              Want to know “What did the kids do with the babysitter?”
              or “What did the dog do after I left?”  Instead of scrubbing
              through hours of boring home security camera footage or watching live view all day, all you
              have to do is ask, and the right moments appear instantly.
              It's not actually magic, but your friends will think it is.
            



See Examples




See Examples







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              











03_Activity







		Activity SVG icon: Lighthouse-indoor-camera
	
























              Tell Lighthouse what you care about.
            


              Simply ask
              "Ping me if the kids don't come home by 4pm on weekdays" or "Let me know when you
              see John with the dog while I'm out."  Or maybe just "Tell me when you see the
              cat jumping in the kitchen."  It's so much better than being alerted “something
              moved” for the umpteenth time.
            


See examples




See Examples







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              











04_Communication







		Communication SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-device
	





























              Wave to say hello. Naturally.
            


              The Lighthouse camera recognizes natural gestures, like a simple wave.
              So while you’re away from home, your kids can wave to the camera
              to send you a hello that goes right to your phone. With two-way
              talk, you can say hello right back.
            



See how




See How







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              












The future. In your home.


                We helped create the first self-driving car. And now we’ve built another first - a 
                smart home camera with the same 3D sensing and machine learning technology.
              


See the tech













Pre-Order Special

Get our wall mount for free ($30 value) when you order Lighthouse.


Pre-Order


Lighthouse Intelligence™ Service:
            AI‑powered security alerts,
            activity search, custom pings and more, along with instant access
            to the last 30 days of recorded video in the cloud.
          






      Real Testimonials
    

      People are talking.
    










            "Lighthouse has integrated computer vision technology into a device
            allowing it to identify the difference between people, pets, etc.,
            which eliminates false alarms. Add in the ability to set custom
            notifications and search through your recordings and it is unique to the market."
          

              —
          

              Josh, Beta User
          










            "Initially, I thought Lighthouse was just a next-gen security system,
            but after using it, it has become apparent that it’s much more.
            I can customize it to ping me about events I specifically care
            about at home. Not only does this give continuous assurance,
            it also simplifies my life."
          

            —
          

            Jitze, Beta User
          










              "I am lucky enough to have 3 Lighthouse devices throughout my house. I love them for many reasons - they do a great job at classifying and alerting me when appropriate, and I am super impressed with how quick feeds load and how clear and crisp they are. The overall design is also beautiful, and it is easy to find a spot for it."
          

              —
            

              Gregory, Beta User
            



 
 











              "Lighthouse has integrated computer vision technology into a device
              allowing it to identify the difference between people, pets, etc.,
              which eliminates false alarms. Add in the ability to set custom
              notifications and search through your recordings and it is unique to the market."
            

                —
            

                Josh, Beta User
            










              "Initially, I thought Lighthouse was just a next-gen security system,
              but after using it, it has become apparent that it’s much more.
              I can customize it to ping me about events I specifically care
              about at home. Not only does this give continuous assurance,
              it also simplifies my life."
            

              —
            

              Jitze, Beta User
            










                "I am lucky enough to have 3 Lighthouse devices throughout my house. I love them for many reasons -
              they do a great job at classifying and alerting me when appropriate, and I am
              super impressed with how quick feeds load and how clear and crisp they are. The overall
              design is also beautiful, and it is easy to find a spot for it."
            

                —
              

                Gregory, Beta User
              





























×









×






















      Lighthouse: Features
    






















      Explore Features
    




            01_Security
          





            02_Search
          





            03_Activity
          





            04_Communication
          





            05_Privacy
          





            06_Service
          





            07_Hardware
          











		Security SVG icon: Lighthouse-home-security-cameras
	























            True Alerts
          


              Since Lighthouse only triggers on 3D movement
              and understands what it's looking at, you'll only
              receive security alerts when there's actually a person that warrants your attention. You’ll see a snapshot
              right on your phone’s lock screen, so you can decide if immediate action is required.
              And Lighthouse automatically enables and disables alerts based on
              whether you're home, so you, your family and trusted guests can
              come and go without triggering unwanted alerts.
              No more 4-digit access codes.
            




                Person recognition
          


              Using facial recognition, Lighthouse learns your household's members and guests,
              so you know instantly who's coming and going, and if someone new arrives on the scene.
            




                Live stream
          


              See your home live in beautiful 1080p, with support for portrait and landscape modes.
            




                Emergency activation
          


              When you’re alerted to a possible security threat, you can sound a
              siren, speak through the camera or call the police—right from the app.
            




                Night vision
          


              With high quality night vision, Lighthouse keeps watch even
              after the lights go down.
            




                Fine-grained access control
          


              Invite family members and guests to your home, and
              control permissions for viewing video and receiving notifications.
            







		Search SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-camera
	





































                Voice and text search
          


              When it comes to home, you’re always on a need-to-know basis.
              With the Lighthouse app, all you have to do is ask.
              Instead of scrubbing through hours of video, you can just ask. Some examples:
              

 "What did the kids do while I was out yesterday?"
              
 "Has the cat done anything interesting since I left?"
              
 "Who did you see at the front door on Tuesday between 8 and 10am?"
              
 "Have you seen the kids running around recently?"
              
 "Did you see Chris with the dog at the front door last week while I was away?"
              

              And if you’re the quiet type, you can instead type a brief search -
              just like you're Googling your home.

            




                HaloVision
          


              Any time you go back and review recorded video, color-coded halos
              make it easy to follow and sort out activity around adults,
              children and pets. And they’re just so cool.
            




                Daily Recap
          


              Review the events of the day with one tap. Timelapse videos
              automatically skip past periods of inactivity, so you can go
              straight to the action. Be in the know, in less than a minute.
            




                Save and share
          


              Select, download and share Lighthouse clips in just a few taps.
            




                All your cameras in one place
          


              Easily switch views and search for activity across multiple cameras or multiple homes.
            







		Activity SVG icon: Lighthouse-indoor-camera
	























                Pings
          


              Ask Lighthouse to ping you the moment something important happens - or doesn't happen.  Five seconds to set up, endless peace of mind.

              
 "If you don't see the kids by 4pm on weekdays while I'm away, let me know."
                
 "Tell me if you see the kids alone in the garage."
                
 "Send me a ping when John gets home today."
                
 "Ping me if Dana doesn't arrive on Saturdays between 10 and 11am."
                
 "Notify me if you see the kids downstairs between 10pm and 6am."
                
 "When the cat jumps on the kitchen table, send me a notification."
                
 "Alert me if you don't see someone with the dog at the front door between 12 and 2pm when I'm out."
                 "Let me know if no one enters the kitchen between 4pm and 8pm."
                






            Rich notifications
          


              Know exactly what’s going on, without even opening the app.
              Get a preview of security alerts and pings, right from your phone’s lock screen.
            




                Activity feed
          


              See the day’s important events, such as how long someone’s been home, who’s been coming and going,
              the camera being armed and disarmed, and security alerts, all in one place.
            




                All systems go
          


            With the tri-color LED indicator on the camera or a quick check of
            the app, you can instantly check that Lighthouse is online,
            recording and streaming.
          







		Communication SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-device
	




























            Wave hello
          


              Since Lighthouse is smart enough to recognize a friendly wave,
              family members can say hello when you’re away just by waving to
              the camera. So enjoy the hug away from home or use the mic to chat
              and check in live.
            




                Two-way talk
          


              Listen and speak to family members and guests — of both the two
              and four-legged variety — using the built-in speaker and microphone.
              For added privacy and control, you can turn audio on and off whenever you’d like.
            







		Privacy SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-camera
	











                Encryption
          


              All connections are encrypted using bank-grade
              TLS/SSL with 2048-bit keys and AES-256 session encryption.
              Users log in using industry leading SRP-6a/PBKDF2 protocol.
              Device software is tamper-proof via a digitally signed bootloader and updates.
              All data is stored encrypted at rest with AES-256.
              Read more





            Data Privacy
          


              Your data is your own, period. No one will ever view your data
              without your explicit permission, and we will never sell your data
              for any reason. All data is encrypted at rest and expunged completely
              after 30 days.
              Read more





                Privacy you can control
          


              You can set the camera feed and audio to automatically pause recording when you return home,
              and resume when you leave, so your private time is your own.  No one sees your data unless
              you explicitly share it.
            
















              Service
          


              For the same price that traditional cameras charge simply for storage,
              Lighthouse’s low monthly fee gives you access to all of these features,
              making it the most sophisticated combination of hardware and software ever included with a home device:
              
 Ask Lighthouse: Know what happened at home just by asking.
                
 Real-Life Pings: Receive customized updates about activities you care about.
                
 Security Alerts with Emergency Activation: Get security alerts based on 3D
                  movement and unknown person detection. Sound a siren or call the police from the app.
                
 HaloVision: Color halos help you review video clips by people and pets.
                
 Wave Hello: Your family can say hello while you’re away, just by waving to Lighthouse.
                
 30-day Cloud Storage: Access the last 30 days of recorded video.
                













































































































































































































            Hardware
          



 1080p HD video
                
 High-quality automatic night vision
                
 95° diagonal field of view
                
 Tilt up and down
                
 Included table base; wall mount is an optional purchase
                
 Multi-camera setup - view all Lighthouse devices in one
                  stream, or search by device, within a home or across multiple homes
                
 Integrations are coming. Email us at help@light.house
                  to let us know what you’d like to see
                
 Check out all the tech specs here















Pre-Order Special


              Get our wall mount for free ($30 value) when you order Lighthouse. 
          

Pre-Order



Lighthouse Intelligence™ Service:
            AI‑powered security alerts,
            activity search, custom pings and more, along with instant access
            to the last 30 days of recorded video in the cloud.
          










×









×




















      Lighthouse: Technology
    




















              Seriously state of the art.
            

              Through our founders' PhD work on self-driving cars at Stanford -
              where they built Stanley, the first autonomous car to complete
              the 132-mile DARPA Grand Challenge race - it became clear that
              combining cameras with 3D sensors would enable extraordinary
              computer vision capabilities. For the first time we’re
              bringing that technology into the home, so Lighthouse sees
              and understands your world as you do.
            








              3D makes the extraordinary possible.
            

              Lighthouse has a custom optical module featuring the first-ever
              3D time-of-flight sensor on a home awareness device. This sensor measures the
              time it takes for emitted light to return to Lighthouse after
              bouncing off objects in the environment, producing a
              continuously updating 3D model of the scene - fundamental to the advanced
              computer vision that makes the Lighthouse experience possible.
            















              Seriously state of the art.
            


              Through our founders' PhD work on self-driving cars at Stanford -
              where they built Stanley, the first autonomous car to complete
              the 132-mile DARPA Grand Challenge race - it became clear that
              combining cameras with 3D sensors would enable extraordinary
              computer vision capabilities. For the first time we’re
              bringing that technology into the home, so Lighthouse sees
              and understands your world as you do.
            

































              3D makes the extraordinary possible.
            

              Lighthouse has a custom optical module featuring the first-ever
              3D time-of-flight sensor on a home awareness device. This sensor measures the
              time it takes for emitted light to return to Lighthouse after
              bouncing off objects in the environment, producing a
              continuously updating 3D model of the scene - fundamental to the advanced
              computer vision that makes the Lighthouse experience possible.
            














                  3D MAPPING
                





                  False alerts, gone forever. Really.
                

                  Because Lighthouse directly measures the full 3D structure of the environment, we’ve eliminated the
                  false alerts from changing light conditions and shadows that plague
                  all other home cameras.
                












                  DEEP LEARNING
                





                  Always (machine) learning.
                

                  We’ve spent over two years building machine learning models that can
                  accurately classify dogs, cats, children and adults, and ignore movement
                  from objects like curtains or fans. 3D sensing makes it possible to
                  understand the motion of objects through space and time,
                  enabling highly accurate models that we update continuously and validate with large scale
                  quantitative testing.
                












                  PERSON RECOGNITION
                





                  Next-level person identification.
                

                  Our team of computer vision PhDs have built models that allow
                  Lighthouse to quickly learn the difference between known and unknown
                  faces.  And 3D sensing opens the door to advanced algorithms that
                  identify a known person by size, shape or movement, even when it
                  can’t see a face.
                












                  ACTION RECOGNITION
                





                  Action recognition beyond simple gestures.
                

                  Using action recognition models trained on the 3D sensor,
                  we’re able to distinguish and alert you to interesting
                  activity in your home, like your dog jumping on the counter,
                  kids running around or a loved one waving hello.
                














            All spec’d out.
          

            A look at Lighthouse by the numbers.
          






                Camera
              



– 

                  1080p HD video + 3D time-of-flight sensor
                


– 

                High-quality automatic night vision
                


– 

                95° diagonal field of view
                


– 

                Tilt up and down via base or optional wall mount
                


– 

                8.5” (217mm) tall x 3.4” (87mm) diameter
                


– 

                1.6 lbs (731g) weight
                






                Audio
              



– 

                Two-way audio with mic and speaker
                


– 

                100 dB siren
                






                Power Adapter
              



– 

                12V power supply in-box
                


– 

                Supports 100-240V AC
                






                Connectivity
              



– 

                Dual-Band Wi-Fi: 2.4GHz and 5GHz
                


– 

                802.11a/b/g/n
                


– 

                Bluetooth(R) Smart 4.1
                






                Customizable recording
              



– 

                Custom options to turn video and audio on and off
                






                Security & Data Protection
              



– 

                Encrypted cloud storage
                


– 

                Secure data transfer (SSL/TLS) with 2048-bit keys
                


– 

                AES 256-bit data encryption
                


– 

                  Digitally signed bootloader and updates
                


– 

                  Key stretching with PBKDF2 for improved password security
                


– 

                  Bluetooth connections disabled after Wi-Fi configuration
                






                OS Requirements
              



– 

                iOS 10 or later
                


– 

                Android 4.4 or later
                






                Wall Mount
              



– 

                Base included
                


– 

                Wall mount sold separately
                






                Weather Resistance
              



– 

                Indoor use only
                






                Operating Temperature Range
              



– 

                32° to 104° F (0° to 40° C)
                






                Warranty
              



– 

                Comes with a 1-year limited warranty
                





              Class 1 Laser Device
            









Pre-Order Special


                Get our wall mount for free ($30 value) when you order Lighthouse. 
            

Pre-Order


Lighthouse Intelligence™ Service:
              AI‑powered security alerts,
              activity search, custom pings and more, along with instant access
              to the last 30 days of recorded video in the cloud.
            









×









×






















      Lighthouse: About us
    



























          01_Our_Vision
        


        Building the future of our dreams.
      

        There’s nothing like the feeling of knowing when you’re part of
        something new. Something exciting. And something meaningful. We live in
        a time where some fundamental technologies — like artificial
        intelligence, computer vision, deep learning and natural language
        processing — have a chance to make a huge impact on our world and
        everyday lives. And for us, one of the most interesting possibilities
        is how we can apply all of this to the place that matters most: our home.
      





          02_Our_Story
        


        The start of something big.
      

        Lighthouse got its start in the computer science labs of Stanford,
        where our CTO and Co-founder Hendrik Dahlkamp worked on Stanley,
        Stanford’s pioneering self-driving car. After being on the first team to
        ever win the DARPA Grand Challenge for autonomous vehicles, Hendrik
        continued his work in Sebastian Thrun’s lab, where he met our CEO and
        Co-founder Alex Teichman, an expert in semi-supervised learning on
        3D sensors. The two computer scientists helped develop multiple technologies that enabled
        advancements in computer vision and depth perception.  Alex and Hendrik
        saw a huge opportunity in applying these technologies in transformative
        ways, and Lighthouse was born.

      






          Stanley, the first autonomous vehicle to complete the
          132-mile DARPA Grand Challenge course in the Mojave Desert.
        





        03_Our_Team
      

        Our founders.
      








          Alex Teichman — CEO and Co-founder
        



            While receiving his PhD in computer science, Alex led Stanford’s research
            on self-driving car perception, inventing machine learning techniques that
            enabled self-driving cars to learn to recognize objects on their own instead
            of requiring large-scale human annotation. Intrigued by the
            potential range of uses for computer vision and artificial
            intelligence, he was inspired to leverage these new technologies
            for real-world applications in the home. Alex has an undergrad degree
            in Electrical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and a
            PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University.
        










          Hendrik Dahlkamp — CTO and Co-founder
        



            Hendrik previously co-founded two companies, both acquired by Google.
            His work led to the creation of Google Street View, Google Maps’
            turn-by-turn directions and gesture recognition that was
            incorporated into Android’s technology. He is a DARPA Grand
            Challenge winner for Stanley, the first self-driving car, and was
            the first engineer at Google X. Hendrik has a BS in Computer
            Science and Math and an MS in Computer Science from
            Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) in Germany. He left
            Stanford University’s PhD program to become an entrepreneur.
        





        Board members and advisors.
      








          Sebastian Thrun — Founding Board Member
        



          Sebastian is the Founder and President of Udacity, a Research Professor
          at Stanford University, former Google Fellow, inventor of the
          autonomous car and lead on various projects at Google X including
          Google Glass. Sebastian has been named the 5th Most Creative
          Person in Business (Fast Company) and among the 50 Smartest
          People in Tech (Fortune).
        










        Lior Susan — Investor and Board Member
        



          Lior is the Founder of hardware venture fund Eclipse Ventures.
          Prior to launching Eclipse, Lior was Founder and General Partner at
          LabIX, the hardware investment platform of Flextronics. Lior is a
          serial entrepreneur, having founded multiple companies in
          Silicon Valley and Israel.
        










            Andy Rubin — Investor and Advisor
          



            Andy is the Co-founder and CEO of hardware venture fund
            Playground Global. He is best known as the creator of Android,
            which, under his leadership at Google, became the world’s most
            widely used operating system.  He also led Google’s robotics and
            automation division.
          










            Bruce Leak — Investor and Advisor
          



            Bruce is a Co-founder at Playground Global. He has over three decades
            of experience in tech, most notably as the creator of QuickTime
            and the co-founder of WebTV. Besides being a serial entrepreneur,
            Bruce has had successful stints at both Microsoft and Apple.
          










            Chris Farmer — Investor and Advisor
          



            Chris is the founder and CEO of SignalFire, an early stage venture
            capital fund. Previously, Chris was a Partner with General Catalyst
            Partners, focusing on seed investment activities, a VP at Bessemer
            Venture Partners and a consultant with Bain & Co. He is an investor
            and advisor to numerous early stage startups.
          






        04_Our_Space
      

        Our home at Playground Global.
      

        We’re proud to work under the Playground roof where innovation is
        not only encouraged, it’s expected. Our space fosters creativity and
        collaboration, giving the Lighthouse team an opportunity to take risks,
        challenge the status quo and build something truly innovative.
      









        05_Careers
      

        Join our team.
      

        If you’re passionate about creating a great user experience,
        building an awe-inspiring product and working with ground-breaking
        AI technology, you’ll fit right in.
        
Apply now.







×









×





















Lighthouse AI Blog






















































Skip to content







								Lighthouse AI Blog							




Menu














		Featured	
Inside Lighthouse, Episode 3: Deep Learning 










Inside Lighthouse, Episode 2: The Evolution 










Inside Lighthouse, Episode 1: The Founders 










Lighthouse on Bloomberg and Fox Business 










Introducing Lighthouse 




























































































































































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Lighthouse Apartments LLC - 首页 | Facebook

















Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？首页简介照片点评视频帖子社群服务创建主页登录 Facebook，查看 Lighthouse Apartments LLC 的更多内容向主页发消息，获取近期活动等信息。登录或注册登录 Facebook，查看 Lighthouse Apartments LLC 的更多内容向主页发消息，获取近期活动等信息。登录或注册以后再说We are a higher-end full service landlording firm,  NOW offering FURNISHED and UNFURNISHED apartments. NEW 2017, Airbnb!506 位用户赞了，508 位用户关注0 位用户去过简介全部Franklin, Rocky Grove, Oil City 123 Timber Ln 16323(814) 673-7000673RENT.com公寓及复合式公寓楼 · 存储设施人气506 位用户赞了访客来帖Joyce Young2016年11月26日 20:40Very nice people known Corey awhile back now and attend church with them very good family and does amazing work!:)1赞 · 评论 · 分享Kim Allen Rock2016年9月12日 07:09It was great meeting you on Friday night.  I enjoyed talking with all of you!1赞 · 评论 · 分享Jessica Ewing - Falco2016年3月15日 18:10Brooke Benedict-Hoffman1赞 · 评论 · 分享类似主页Oniboni Construction & Masterson Construction家居装修Polly's Ice Cream热狗摊Matt's Custom Car Accessories社群中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017点评6 条点评你打几分？Rich Mulholland · 2016年3月17日These are top line apartments for people who do not want to live in a slum.  Everything is remodeled or new.  The kitchens rival the nicest of homes.  A huge pl...us is a security door, AND free laundry.  Perfect for local professionals that do not want to pay property tax or want the hassle of outside oukeep. 展开Brandy Brown · 2017年7月20日Great people! They're units are top notch! Very well kept!全部视频Call us today to be placed on a waiting list for your next dream apartment! 814-673-RENT2全部帖子Lighthouse Apartments LLC 分享了帖子 · 昨天 07:51 · Coming soon! Call to schedule a showing today! 814-673-7000+3Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 6 张新照片。 · 2016年10月22日 · 1259 Liberty Street, Apt 3. Edible Arrangements Building. Another one complete. And another happy tenant! Now Leasing!Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 4 张照片和 1 个视频。 · 7月23日 17:27 · We will be closing on our newest endeavor soon! Lighthouse Apartments "RIVERVIEW" A total of 6-2BR Suites, each with a balcony offering stunning views of the Alleghany River as well as a side porch for grilling just outside the kitchen! Suites offer a living room, formal dining room, chefs kitchen with commercial range and a pot filler for the Top Chef of the family, 2 BR's, 1 bathroom & outdoor living space. Hardwood flooring, custom tiling, internet & laundry are only a few... of the amenities these units have to offer! Only a couple left, call to reserve yours today! Building will be completely renovated.  Sarah is designing a new custom front Courtyard with 7' Water fountain, Ceder Pergola & patio to be completed as well as a complete exterior facelift, Lord willing before Applefest 2017! This is going to be awesome! Starting at only $995/month plus utilities. PLEASE SHARE! Call 814-673-7000 展开+2全部服务Airbnb New this year we are offering furnished and unfurnished apartments. We are also catering to Airbnb enthusiasts as well! $75/ Night. ( Min 7 nights )Airbnb New this year we are offering furnished and unfurnished apartments. We are also catering to Airbnb enthusiasts as well! $75/ Night. ( Min 7 nights )Airbnb New this year we are offering furnished and unfurnished apartments. We are also catering to Airbnb enthusiasts as well! $75/ Night. ( Min 7 nights )全部帖子Lighthouse Apartments LLC 分享了 Masterson Enterprises, LLC 的帖子 · 7月18日 17:04 · https://www.facebook.com/MastersonEnterprisesLLC/posts/1916726401916673+3Masterson Enterprises, LLC 上传了 6 张新照片。 · 7月18日 17:04 · New facia, gutters, downspouts and chimney repointing nearly complete! Another fantastic job completed by the team! Call us for your next project!Lighthouse Apartments LLC 更换了封面照片 · 7月9日 12:36 · Lighthouse Apartments LLC 更换了封面照片 · 7月9日 12:35 · Lighthouse Apartments LLC 分享了视频 · 7月9日 12:18 · NOW OFFERING FULLY FURNISHED APARTMENTS & Airbnb! Call 814-673-7000 for more information.? Our goal is to promote Tourism & Local businesses.  If you are a local business who would like us to help promote your business or service in our new endeavor, please contact us to find out how to get involved! We have an amazing opportunity to promote our historic town and the entire Oil region at our doorstep ! Please Share!发布者：Lighthouse Apartments LLC538 次播放538 次播放Lighthouse Apartments LLC · 4月3日 · Call us today to be placed on a waiting list for your next dream apartment! 814-673-RENTLighthouse Apartments LLC · 6月30日 22:24 · http://m6737000.com/(814)-673-7000 – Please contact us today for a quote on your next project.What began as a childhood apprenticeship with my father in 1987, has resulted in Masterson Enterprises, LLC – one of the area’s most reputable construction companies.  We are a licensed and fully insured residential & commercial construction company specializing in all aspects of the remodeling and…m6737000.comLighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 13 张新照片。 · 6月29日 20:19 · Very rare! First floor large two bedroom apartment located on Chestnut Street in downtown Franklin. Beautiful historic custom woodwork throughout, gas fireplace in the living area, large main bedroom with sitting area, private side entrance, newer appliances, private rear patio and in unit laundry are just a few of the amenities this one has to offer. $1049 per month plus all utilities. Call 814-673-7000 to schedule a showing today. Available October 2017+10Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 8 张新照片。 · 6月29日 20:16 · NEW!! Now Offering FULLY FURNISHED APT's!! Why stay in a hotel when you're in town on business?? This Cozy 1BR second level apartment is located on Elk Street in downtown Franklin & has everything you need, including two mountain bikes and two kayaks to explore the Historic Oil Region! Private side porch, newer appliances and newly renovated & fully furnished! Only $75/ Night! ( Min Stay 7 nights ) Call 814-673-7000 to schedule a showing today! Currently booked through September 8, 2017.+5Lighthouse Apartments LLC · 6月29日 20:14 · Rare one bedroom first floor apartment on Central Avenue in Oil City. Large, spacious unit, newly remodeled and includes all appliances, laundry hook up and a beautiful gas fireplace. $749 per month plus all utilities. Call 814-673-7000 to schedule a showing today. Available August 2.Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 4 张新照片。 · 6月29日 20:12 · Beautiful 2BR townhouse style apt on Buffalo Street in downtown Franklin. Newer appliances, hardwood flooring and free laundry or just a few of the amenities this one has to offer. $799 plus all utilities. Call 814-673-7000 to schedule a showing today. Available August 1.Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 5 张新照片。 · 6月29日 20:09 · LEASED! Cozy 2BR Single Family House in downtown Franklin! Newly Remodeled, newer appliances, hardwood flooring & laundry are just a few of the amenities this one has to offer. Call 814-673-7000 to schedule a showing today! $995/mo plus all utilities.+2Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 7 张新照片。 · 6月14日 · 1107 Otter Street in downtown Franklin. Beautiful one bedroom second level apartment located directly across the street from the beautiful French creek. Hardwood flooring, tile backsplash and nice appliances are just a few of the amenities this apartment has to offer. Call 814-673-7000. $699+ all utilities per month+4Lighthouse Apartments LLC 上传了 5 张新照片。 · 6月5日 · LEASED! Office space available! RT 8 in Franklin on Allegheny Boulevard. Beautiful office space with reception area in the state farm insurance building on route eight in Franklin. Located on one of the most heavily traveled routes in Venango County, this location will definitely boost sales! Call 814-673-7000 for more information. Please Share!!+2更多














Professional Property Management Services in Michigan Areas





























 



		Skip to content	
Sitemap 


(616) 257-9577 





 









 




 
Login

Tenant
Owner


 



Login

Tenant
Owner


 
 
 




Local Expertise, Professional ResultsWe provide a variety of property management services the West Michigan area. 








Pay Rent Online
Did you know that you can now pay your rent online? It’s fast, easy, and secure, so why wait? 
Tenant Portal 



Available Properties
View our available rental properties and submit an application quickly and easily.
View Rentals 



Management Services
We manage your properties efficiently and effectively, providing exceptional service.
Learn More 













Lighthouse Property Management
 
Lighthouse Property Management was founded in 2003 with the intent to become a provider of world-class service in the property management business. Our innovative business model integrates the customer service and management disciplines of the institutional property management industry at a local level. This unique approach and our commitment to hiring the very best professionals have resulted in strong business growth and our long-lasting tenure in the area, making us one of the most respected and trusted local property management companies.


Areas We Serve:

Grand Rapids
Wyoming
Rockford
Heritage Hill
Holland



 

Muskegon
Allendale
Grand Haven
Lansing
Wayland



 
Client Feedback
“The Lighthouse gang manages my inventory of investment properties as if it was their own. My time is now freed up to focus on other areas of my business.”
– Image Prop. And Investments



















Lighthouse Property Management LLC950 28th St SE, Suite 200BGrand Rapids, MI 49508T: (616) 257-9577F: (616) 257-9578 



Contact Us 

950 28th St SE, Suite 200B
Grand Rapids, MI 49508
T: (616) 257-9577
F: (616) 257-9578
 


1259 Peck St
Muskegon, MI 49441
T: (231) 903-4427



 



Associations & Affiliations 


 



 



 



 


 






© 2010 - 2017 Lighthouse Property Management LLCSitemap












 













Lighthouse Apartments LLC | Apartments - Franklin Area Chamber of Commerce,PA















 




















































Login









Contact









Staff

























Pages



Members



Categories



Quicklinks



Events























Join Us!


















































































































































Lighthouse Apartments LLC





Share:
 
 
 
 
 
 





Apartments







Lighthouse Apartments LLC


Visit Website
Request Info



123 Timber Lane
Franklin, PA 16323
(814) 673-7368








Rep Info
Map







Whom to Contact



 
Cory & Sarah Masterson    
123 Timber Lane
Franklin, PA 16323


Phone:
(814) 673-7368


Send an Email












What's Nearby?





Distance:
5
10
15
20
25
50

mi.





























































































Upcoming Events

























































































Play









Shop









Rest









Eat









Live





























Directory







Deals







Map







News







Events







Government




































Lighthouse Landings Apartments LLC - WHITELAND, IN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



WHITELAND



Apartment Building Operators



Apartment Building Operators



                            Lighthouse Landings Apartments LLC
                                    



 





















L 


Lighthouse Landings Apartments LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



540 TRACY RD STE A WHITELAND, IN 46184
Get Directions



(317) 780-8100





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $850,000.00
 Employee Count 20
 Industries Apartment Building Operators
 Contacts Sidney Blazek







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1998, Lighthouse Landings Apartments Llc has been providing Apartment Building Operators from Whiteland. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Lighthouse Investment Properties LLC, Lighthouse Apartments: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:12 PM ET
Real Estate Management and Development

Company Overview of Lighthouse Investment Properties LLC, Lighthouse Apartments



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lighthouse Investment Properties LLC, Lighthouse Apartments comprises real estate residential property that includes five buildings including 52 units. The asset is located in Hamilton, Ohio.


9 Beth LaneHamilton, OH 45013United States










Key Executives for Lighthouse Investment Properties LLC, Lighthouse Apartments


Lighthouse Investment Properties LLC, Lighthouse Apartments does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 '47 Brand LLC United States +Process Team LLC United States 02 Lafayette LLC United States 1 Park Place LLC United States 10-12 MLane, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lighthouse Investment Properties LLC, Lighthouse Apartments, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Lighthouse Management Home Page










(585) 544-5649 Rochester, NY 14608    







Home
For Rent


How to Rent
1-2 Bedroom Apts.
3+ Bedroom Apts.
Houses


For Sale
Clients


Property Maintenance & Management
FAQS
Becoming a Client
Forms
Acquiring an ITIN


Tenants


Forms


Contact










Real Estate Agents for Rental Properties in Rochester, New York










Our Company
Since 2002, the real estate agents at the Lighthouse Management group of companies have offered quality rental properties in Western New York to people throughout the cities of Buffalo, Niagara Falls and Rochester, NY. From apartments to whole houses, we have the real estate in Western NY you are sure to love. 

    We pride ourselves in offering clean and safe units at reasonable rates, with a wide range of options that include studios, 1- to 4-bedroom apartments, and whole houses for rent. Contact us today to request more information on any of our Rochester, Buffalo or Niagara Falls real estate selections.

Who We Are
The Lighthouse Management Group has two offices, one in Rochester and one in Buffalo, serving all of upstate New York From Niagara Falls to east of Rochester. 
  Lighthouse Management Partners, Inc. services Niagara and Erie Counties covering Niagara Falls, NY and Buffalo, NY. The office is managed by Christopher Valentine, Lic. Associate R.E. Broker. It is co-owned by Scott Seppen and Christopher Valentine.

Together, they presently manage more than 1000 units in the Western NY area, working with Investors from all over the world, including England, South Africa, and Hong Kong. Both companies are individually Licensed NYS Real Estate Brokers and members of their local real estate boards.
Contact us today to speak with a real estate agent about your property needs!


Contact Us



*First Name:





*Last Name:





*Phone:





*Email:





Comments/Questions:



*Enter the Code Shown






*Required Fields







Why Choose Us?
•GRAR & BNAR, Licensed Broker
•Licensed NYS Real Estate Broker
•Courteous Personalized Service
Hours of Operation:
Monday–Friday, 9:00 a.m.�5:00 p.m.



Lighthouse Management LLC
|
Rochester, NY 14608
|
(585) 544-5649
|
info@lighthouserochester.com





Lighthouse Properties apartments in Hamilton Township, NJ×Apartment Guide - Find Your Next Apartment - Free Mobile AppRentPath, LLCGETFind ApartmentsFind Apartments MenuBy StateApartment TypesNearby CitiesNearby NeighborhoodsNearby Zip CodesNearby CollegesNearby Military BasesBlogGet Our AppNext StepsNext Steps MenuFind a MoverExplore Home ServicesAdvertise Your PropertyMy PlacesSaved PropertyMy Places AccountRegisterLog InFind Your Next ApartmentSearch Beds Filter MenuStudio1 Bedroom2 Bedrooms3 Bedrooms4 BedroomsPRICESearch Price Filter Menu - Any$500$700$900$1100$1300$1500$2000$2500$3000$4000$5000$500$700$900$1100$1300$1500$2000$2500$3000$4000$5000AnyMORESearch More Filter MenuSearch ButtonSearch Apartments{{dim_text}}Clear FiltersApartments Found: 0Message TextBaths1 Bath2 Baths3 BathsDistance5 miles10 miles20 miles30 miles40 miles50 miles75 miles100 milesRatings1 Star & Above2 Stars & Above3 Stars & Above4 Stars & Above5 StarsLaundryLaundry FacilityWasher & Dryer ConnectionsWasher & Dryer In UnitAir ConditioningPets AllowedClear SelectionsUpdate ResultsMore OptionsHomeNew JerseyHamilton TownshipApartment TypesCollege ApartmentsMilitary ApartmentsCorporate ApartmentsSenior ApartmentsFind a New Home Wherever You AreThank You!We have sent a text message containing a link to download our mobile app to: Send the download link to your phone:By clicking 'send', I represent that the number provided is my mobile phone number and expressly consent to receive an automated text message from Apartment Guide at the number provided. Messaging and data rates may apply.More InfoLog in to your accountRentersLog in with FacebookLog in with FacebookLog in with GoogleLog in with GoogleLog in with TwitterLog in with TwitterRemember meForgot Password?Don't have an account? Sign upProperty ManagersAccess your MyRentPath dashboard to:Manage your listingAccess advanced reportsSubscribe to competitive insightsCreate and send campaignsContact your concierge representativeDiscover what's new at RentPath (or Apartment Guide)Property Manager Log InCreate your accountRentersLog in with FacebookLog in with FacebookRemember meBy creating an account, you agree to RentPath's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.Already have an account? Login hereProperty ManagersLet RentPath be your marketing partner and gain access to:Advanced reportingCompetitive analytics and insightsLeading communication technology and more!To learn more about the benefits or to request a marketing consultation, click below.Learn MoreEdit your account detailsReset PasswordWe are experiencing technical difficulties at the moment. Please try again later.CloseYour Account Has Been UpdatedCloseWelcome to My PlacesKeep track of apartments you like. Once you’ve saved or contacted properties, you can find them in My Places.Helpful tips:Save ApartmentsClick the heart icon on a listing to save to My PlacesCompare ApartmentsSelect apartments from My Places to compare them Don't show this againLighthouse Properties Apartments for Rent in Hamilton Township, New JerseySort by: Best Match Best MatchName (A to Z)Name (Z to A)Price (Lowest First)Price (Highest First)Bedrooms (Lowest First)Bedrooms (Highest First)Distance (Nearest First)Coupon (List First)Pet Friendly (List First)Local InformationWELCOME TO APARTMENTGUIDE.COM, YOUR SOURCE FOR HAMILTON-TOWNSHIP, NEW-JERSEY APARTMENTS FOR RENT!No local information available at this time.Hamilton Estates120 Estates Boulevard, Hamilton Township, New Jersey 08610Save PropertySavePrevious ImageNext Image1 of 13$1015 - $14351 Bed$1015 - $11502 Beds$1300 - $1435Current Rent SpecialsWasher & Dryer In UnitAir ConditioningFitness CenterCheck Availability(609) 601-4810(609) 585-2363(609) 528-4481(609) 583-0622Miry Run ApartmentsUniversity Heights145 Brookwood Road, Mercerville, New Jersey 08619Save PropertySavePrevious ImageNext Image1 of 15$1185 - $14501 Bed$11852 Beds$1450Current Rent SpecialsWasher & Dryer In UnitAir ConditioningWasher & Dryer ConnectionsCheck Availability(609) 372-2629(609) 588-5657(609) 528-4471(609) 631-5439Pet FriendlyZip Codes Near Hamilton Township, NJNo results found.Cities Near Hamilton Township, NJNo results found.Neighborhoods Near Hamilton Township, NJBirch ValleyBraeburn HeightsChambersburgChestnut ParkChewalla ParkEldridge ParkFranklin ParkHutchinson MillsJuniper HillNorth ParkNorth TrentonParkway VillagePennington - ProspectRed Cedar HillSnowball GateSouth TrentonThornridgeTwin OaksUpper OrchardVermillion HillsAll Hamilton Township NeighborhoodsColleges Near Hamilton Township, NJThomas Edison State College, NJThe College of New Jersey, NJHarris School of Business  Trenton, NJRider University, NJMercer County Community College, NJMilitary Bases Near Hamilton Township, NJNo results found.Sponsored PropertiesHamilton Township, NJ Pros & ConsProsConsDiscover More About Hamilton Township »Quick Search LinksDistanceLifestyleApartments Within 10 Miles Of Hamilton TownshipApartments Within 20 Miles Of Hamilton TownshipOff Campus Apartments In New JerseyMilitary Housing In New JerseyAll aboutHamilton Township, NJAG BlogMobile AppsSite MapAbout UsEmploymentInterest-Based AdsAdvertisePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceContact UsAvoid ScamsProperty Manager LoginFollow ApartmentGuide.com:InstagramPinterestFacebookGoogle+TwitterYouTube© 2017 RentPath, LLC. All rights reserved.  All photos, videos, text and other content are the property of RentPath, LLC. APARTMENT GUIDE and the APARTMENT GUIDE Trade Dress are registered trademarks of RentPath, LLC or its affiliates.Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.Information is copyrighted and school data provided by GreatSchools.org.  Information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Schools listed above are based on distance from the selected location and are just a sampling of the schools in the area. To find a particular school district, and how it relates to a specific apartment, please contact the apartment manager.ApartmentGuide.com is part of the Network of Sites CloseCall:What is a Certified ResidentCertified Resident Review?A resident who lives at the property and has completed a resident satisfaction survey.Advertising properties provide a list of email addresses of its residents to Kingsley Associates, a third party market research firm, who then sends out the satisfaction survey to the residents.  Properties may also conduct satisfaction surveys of its residents through other third party market research firms.  In those cases, we will publish those survey responses as long as the questions conform to our standard survey format.Because reviews are from Certified Residents, and are managed by a third party, you can feel confident that the feedback provided is accurate and trustworthy.Check AvailabilityPreviousNext of Send this property to a phoneEnter your mobile number:* This service is free. Standard messaging and data rates may apply.SuccessText successfully sentHaven't received it yet? RetrySomething went wrongRetryApartments for Rent in New Jersey - ApartmentGuide.com×Apartment Guide - Find Your Next Apartment - Free Mobile AppRentPath, LLCGETFind ApartmentsFind Apartments MenuApartment TypesCollege ApartmentsMilitary ApartmentsCorporate ApartmentsSenior ApartmentsCheap ApartmentsLuxury ApartmentsPopular CitiesAtlanta ApartmentsSeattle ApartmentsPhiladelphia ApartmentsAustin ApartmentsHouston ApartmentsPhoenix ApartmentsBoston ApartmentsRichmond ApartmentsPortland ApartmentsDallas ApartmentsLas Vegas ApartmentsSacramento ApartmentsDenver ApartmentsLos Angeles ApartmentsSan Antonio ApartmentsDetroit ApartmentsCharlotte ApartmentsSan Diego ApartmentsSelect a StateAlabama ApartmentsIllinois ApartmentsMontana ApartmentsPennsylvania ApartmentsAlaska ApartmentsIndiana ApartmentsNebraska ApartmentsRhode Island ApartmentsArizona ApartmentsIowa ApartmentsNevada ApartmentsSouth Carolina ApartmentsArkansas ApartmentsKansas ApartmentsNew Hampshire ApartmentsSouth Dakota ApartmentsCalifornia ApartmentsKentucky ApartmentsNew Jersey ApartmentsTennessee ApartmentsColorado ApartmentsLouisiana ApartmentsNew Mexico ApartmentsTexas ApartmentsConnecticut ApartmentsMaine ApartmentsNew York ApartmentsUtah ApartmentsDelaware ApartmentsMaryland ApartmentsNorth Carolina ApartmentsVirginia ApartmentsDistrict of Columbia ApartmentsMassachusetts ApartmentsNorth Dakota ApartmentsWashington ApartmentsFlorida ApartmentsMichigan ApartmentsOhio ApartmentsWest Virginia ApartmentsGeorgia ApartmentsMinnesota ApartmentsOklahoma ApartmentsWisconsin ApartmentsHawaii ApartmentsMississippi ApartmentsOregon ApartmentsWyoming ApartmentsIdaho ApartmentsMissouri ApartmentsBlogGet Our AppNext StepsNext Steps MenuFind a MoverExplore Home ServicesAdvertise Your PropertyMy PlacesSaved PropertyMy Places AccountRegisterLog InFind Your Next ApartmentSearch Beds Filter MenuStudio1 Bedroom2 Bedrooms3 Bedrooms4 BedroomsPRICESearch Price Filter Menu - Any$500$700$900$1100$1300$1500$2000$2500$3000$4000$5000$500$700$900$1100$1300$1500$2000$2500$3000$4000$5000AnyMORESearch More Filter MenuSearch ButtonSearch Apartments{{dim_text}}Clear FiltersApartments Found: 0Message TextBaths1 Bath2 Baths3 BathsDistance5 miles10 miles20 miles30 miles40 miles50 miles75 miles100 milesRatings1 Star & Above2 Stars & Above3 Stars & Above4 Stars & Above5 StarsLaundryLaundry FacilityWasher & Dryer ConnectionsWasher & Dryer In UnitAir ConditioningPets AllowedClear SelectionsUpdate ResultsMore OptionsHomeNew-JerseyApartment TypesCollege ApartmentsMilitary ApartmentsCorporate ApartmentsSenior ApartmentsFind a New Home Wherever You AreThank You!We have sent a text message containing a link to download our mobile app to: Send the download link to your phone:By clicking 'send', I represent that the number provided is my mobile phone number and expressly consent to receive an automated text message from Apartment Guide at the number provided. Messaging and data rates may apply.More InfoLog in to your accountRentersLog in with FacebookLog in with FacebookLog in with GoogleLog in with GoogleLog in with TwitterLog in with TwitterRemember meForgot Password?Don't have an account? Sign upProperty ManagersAccess your MyRentPath dashboard to:Manage your listingAccess advanced reportsSubscribe to competitive insightsCreate and send campaignsContact your concierge representativeDiscover what's new at RentPath (or Apartment Guide)Property Manager Log InCreate your accountRentersLog in with FacebookLog in with FacebookRemember meBy creating an account, you agree to RentPath's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.Already have an account? Login hereProperty ManagersLet RentPath be your marketing partner and gain access to:Advanced reportingCompetitive analytics and insightsLeading communication technology and more!To learn more about the benefits or to request a marketing consultation, click below.Learn MoreEdit your account detailsReset PasswordWe are experiencing technical difficulties at the moment. Please try again later.CloseYour Account Has Been UpdatedCloseWelcome to My PlacesKeep track of apartments you like. Once you’ve saved or contacted properties, you can find them in My Places.Helpful tips:Save ApartmentsClick the heart icon on a listing to save to My PlacesCompare ApartmentsSelect apartments from My Places to compare them Don't show this again
Apartments for rent in New Jersey
Get an apartment in New Jersey and you will understand why it is called "The Garden State". Farms and horses fill the land of this beautiful state.  New Jersey, whose state's motto is "liberty and prosperity", is the most popular state to live in. It has the highest population density of any U.S. state. If you are looking for state with a nice blend of urban culture and pedestrian-friendly green space, New Jersey is the state for you. Enjoy the beauty, the many busy diners, and endless cultural activities that New Jersey has to offer.   

How would you like to rent a New Jersey apartment in Atlantic City? This city is a popular nation-wide destination for business conventioneers and tourists. Casinos, theme parks, museums, the ocean boardwalk and many cultural events are in yours to explore.  Many people like to live in New Jersey because it's such an easy commute to New York City. If you rent an apartment in Union City or Newport you can access main line train stations or bus stops within walking distance of your front door! 

If you enjoy the outdoors, New Jersey is one of the most gorgeous states to see bald eagles, red-tailed hawks, marsh hawks, ospreys, great blue herons, swans, and other wildlife in their natural environment.  Rent a New Jersey apartment near The Wharton State Forest and spend your weekends canoeing, mountain biking, horseback riding, or hiking on the Batona Trail.  If you prefer more action, join the many New York Giants fans at an exciting fall football game. If you rent an apartment in East Rutherford, home of the Giants Stadium, you might be able to hear the crowd cheering from your front porch! 

The endless stimulation of New York City is right next door if you rent an apartment in New Jersey. However, don't under estimate the excitement and charm of New Jersey's own towns.  The quarky little town of Hoboken is a haven for art lovers. Once home to Frank Sinatra, the waterfront defines Hoboken as a port town where many Hobokenites enjoy strolling the Pier. Hackensack is another unique New Jersey city to rent an apartment. Pack a picnic for the outdoor summer concert series on the courthouse green.  

New Jersey, has some of North America's most family-friendly attractions.  The kids will love Adventure Aquarium in Camden where they can see a variety of animals including jelly fish, sharks, and even a hippo exhibit. Take the family to Creambridge, NJ where you can visit Six Flags Hurricane Harbor.

New Jersey also features a number of pet-friendly apartments and many inexpensive rentals for college students, senior citizens, and families. Browse the wide variety of affordable apartment rentals in New Jersey. ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZAberdeen ApartmentsAbsecon ApartmentsAllentown ApartmentsAnnandale ApartmentsAsbury Park ApartmentsAtlantic City ApartmentsAtlantic Highlands ApartmentsAvenel ApartmentsBarnegat ApartmentsBarrington ApartmentsBasking Ridge ApartmentsBayonne ApartmentsBayville ApartmentsBelle Mead ApartmentsBelleville ApartmentsBellmawr ApartmentsBelmar ApartmentsBergenfield ApartmentsBerkeley Heights ApartmentsBerlin ApartmentsBlackwood ApartmentsBloomfield ApartmentsBloomingdale ApartmentsBordentown ApartmentsBound Brook ApartmentsBradley Beach ApartmentsBranchburg ApartmentsBrick ApartmentsBridgeton ApartmentsBridgewater ApartmentsBrielle ApartmentsBudd Lake ApartmentsBurlington ApartmentsBurlington Township ApartmentsButler ApartmentsCaldwell ApartmentsCamden ApartmentsCarneys Point ApartmentsCarteret ApartmentsCedar Grove ApartmentsCedar Knolls ApartmentsChatham ApartmentsCherry Hill ApartmentsCinnaminson ApartmentsClark ApartmentsClayton ApartmentsClementon ApartmentsCliffside Park ApartmentsCliffwood ApartmentsClifton ApartmentsClinton ApartmentsCollingswood ApartmentsColonia ApartmentsColts Neck ApartmentsCranford ApartmentsDelran ApartmentsDenville ApartmentsDeptford ApartmentsDover ApartmentsDumont ApartmentsEast Brunswick ApartmentsEast Orange ApartmentsEast Rutherford ApartmentsEast Windsor ApartmentsEastampton ApartmentsEatontown ApartmentsEdgewater ApartmentsEdgewater Park ApartmentsEdison ApartmentsElizabeth ApartmentsElmwood Park ApartmentsEnglewood ApartmentsEwing ApartmentsFair Lawn ApartmentsFlanders ApartmentsFlemington ApartmentsFlorham Park ApartmentsFort Lee ApartmentsFranklin Lakes ApartmentsFranklin Park ApartmentsFranklinville ApartmentsFreehold ApartmentsGalloway ApartmentsGalloway Township ApartmentsGarfield ApartmentsGarwood ApartmentsGlassboro ApartmentsGlen Gardner ApartmentsGlen Ridge ApartmentsHackensack ApartmentsHackettstown ApartmentsHaddon Heights ApartmentsHaddon Township ApartmentsHaddonfield ApartmentsHamilton ApartmentsHamilton Township ApartmentsHarrison ApartmentsHasbrouck Heights ApartmentsHawthorne ApartmentsHelmetta ApartmentsHi Nella ApartmentsHighland Park ApartmentsHillsborough ApartmentsHoboken ApartmentsHowell ApartmentsIrvington ApartmentsIselin ApartmentsIvy Hill ApartmentsJackson ApartmentsJamesburg ApartmentsJersey City ApartmentsKearny ApartmentsKeasbey ApartmentsKeyport ApartmentsKinnelon ApartmentsLakewood ApartmentsLaurence Harbor ApartmentsLawrenceville ApartmentsLebanon ApartmentsLedgewood ApartmentsLeonia ApartmentsLincoln Park ApartmentsLinden ApartmentsLindenwold ApartmentsLittle Ferry ApartmentsLivingston ApartmentsLodi ApartmentsLong Branch ApartmentsLong Valley ApartmentsLumberton ApartmentsLyndhurst ApartmentsMadison ApartmentsMagnolia ApartmentsMahwah ApartmentsManahawkin ApartmentsManalapan ApartmentsManasquan ApartmentsMantua ApartmentsMaple Shade ApartmentsMaplewood ApartmentsMarlboro ApartmentsMarlton ApartmentsMatawan ApartmentsMays Landing ApartmentsMedford ApartmentsMercerville ApartmentsMetuchen ApartmentsMiddlesex ApartmentsMidland Park ApartmentsMilford ApartmentsMillburn ApartmentsMillville ApartmentsMonmouth Junction ApartmentsMonroe ApartmentsMontclair ApartmentsMoorestown ApartmentsMorganville ApartmentsMorris Plains ApartmentsMorristown ApartmentsMount Arlington ApartmentsMount Ephraim ApartmentsMount Holly ApartmentsMount Laurel ApartmentsNeptune ApartmentsNeptune City ApartmentsNetcong ApartmentsNew Brunswick ApartmentsNew Milford ApartmentsNewark ApartmentsNewton ApartmentsNorth Arlington ApartmentsNorth Bergen ApartmentsNorth Brunswick ApartmentsNorth Plainfield ApartmentsNutley ApartmentsOaklyn ApartmentsOcean ApartmentsOcean Township ApartmentsOld Bridge ApartmentsOrange ApartmentsPalisades Park ApartmentsPalmyra ApartmentsPark Ridge ApartmentsParlin ApartmentsParsippany ApartmentsPassaic ApartmentsPaterson ApartmentsPemberton ApartmentsPennsauken ApartmentsPennsville ApartmentsPerth Amboy ApartmentsPhillipsburg ApartmentsPine Brook ApartmentsPine Hill ApartmentsPiscataway ApartmentsPitman ApartmentsPlainfield ApartmentsPlainsboro ApartmentsPleasantville ApartmentsPoint Pleasant Beach ApartmentsPompton Lakes ApartmentsPrinceton ApartmentsRahway ApartmentsRamsey ApartmentsRandolph ApartmentsRaritan ApartmentsRed Bank ApartmentsRidgewood ApartmentsRiver Edge ApartmentsRiverdale ApartmentsRiverside ApartmentsRivervale ApartmentsRobbinsville ApartmentsRockaway ApartmentsRockaway Township ApartmentsRoseland ApartmentsRoselle ApartmentsRoselle Park ApartmentsRunnemede ApartmentsRutherford ApartmentsSaddle Brook ApartmentsSalem ApartmentsSayreville ApartmentsScotch Plains ApartmentsSecaucus ApartmentsShort Hills ApartmentsSicklerville ApartmentsSomerdale ApartmentsSomers Point ApartmentsSomerset ApartmentsSomerville ApartmentsSouth Amboy ApartmentsSouth Bound Brook ApartmentsSouth Brunswick ApartmentsSouth Orange ApartmentsSouth Plainfield ApartmentsSouth River ApartmentsSpring Lake ApartmentsSpringfield ApartmentsStirling ApartmentsStratford ApartmentsSummit ApartmentsSussex ApartmentsSwedesboro ApartmentsTinton Falls ApartmentsToms River ApartmentsTrenton ApartmentsTuckerton ApartmentsTurnersville ApartmentsUnion ApartmentsUnion City ApartmentsUpper Saddle River ApartmentsVerona ApartmentsVineland ApartmentsVoorhees ApartmentsWallington ApartmentsWaretown ApartmentsWarren ApartmentsWashington ApartmentsWatchung ApartmentsWayne ApartmentsWeehawken ApartmentsWest Berlin ApartmentsWest Deptford ApartmentsWest End ApartmentsWest Long Branch ApartmentsWest New York ApartmentsWest Orange ApartmentsWest Windsor ApartmentsWestfield ApartmentsWestville ApartmentsWestwood ApartmentsWharton ApartmentsWhippany ApartmentsWilliamstown ApartmentsWillingboro ApartmentsWood Ridge ApartmentsWoodbridge ApartmentsWoodbridge Township ApartmentsWoodbury ApartmentsWoodland Park ApartmentsWoodstown ApartmentsWrightstown ApartmentsAG BlogMobile AppsSite MapAbout UsEmploymentInterest-Based AdsAdvertisePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceContact UsAvoid ScamsProperty Manager LoginFollow ApartmentGuide.com:InstagramPinterestFacebookGoogle+TwitterYouTube© 2017 RentPath, LLC. All rights reserved.  All photos, videos, text and other content are the property of RentPath, LLC. APARTMENT GUIDE and the APARTMENT GUIDE Trade Dress are registered trademarks of RentPath, LLC or its affiliates.Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.Information is copyrighted and school data provided by GreatSchools.org.  Information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Schools listed above are based on distance from the selected location and are just a sampling of the schools in the area. To find a particular school district, and how it relates to a specific apartment, please contact the apartment manager.ApartmentGuide.com is part of the Network of Sites Close


Residential Services | LightHouse Apartments







































































Contact Us At:
(812) 288-4400






0° F






HomeAbout Us
Take A Tour
Amenities
Guide

What’s Close Guide


Promotions
Events
Residential Services
Contact Us

Directions to Lighthouse
Rental Homes


 




Lighthouse Apartments at Pebble Creek takes great pride in the quality of residents we attract and retain. We strive to provide an extensive list of resident services to meet the different needs of individual residents in all of our units.
For after office hour and non-emergency related resident services, please submit your request in the form below.
Lighthouse Apartments;
900 Lighthouse Drive
Jeffersonville, IN 47130
(812) 288-4400
Office Hours
Weekdays: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM
Saturday: 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM
Sunday and Holidays: Closed



Attention! Please correct the errors below and try again.						
Your name is required.
Your e-mail address is required.
You must enter a message to send.


Email sent successfully!





Your name



Your e-mail adress




Subject

-
Support
Sales
Report a bug



Message










Newsletter
Email address: 





 View Apartments 



01 Jan - 01 Jan
1 Bedroom – 1 Bath





01 Jan - 01 Jan
2 Bedrooms – 2 Baths Split





01 Jan - 01 Jan
2 Bedrooms – 2 Baths Standard





01 Jan - 01 Jan
3 Bedrooms – 2 Baths




Find us on Facebook 






 Location Please Feel free to contact us on the below given details: 
900 Lighthouse Drive,  Jeffersonville, IN 47130 (812) 288-4400 Contact@lighthouseapartmentsjeff.com 

Quick LinksHome
Gallery
Floor Plans
Rental Application
Contact Us
Rental Homes
  Join Us 




Downloads Rental Application
 






Stonebridge Apartments © 2015. Designed by ImaginationBase.com




                Website Development by ImaginationBase.com 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














      Lighthouse AI: More than a camera, it's an interactive assistant.
    


























So much more than the best security camera.


              It's an interactive assistant that tells you everything
            

              you want to know about your life at home.


See it in action














    Bubble: What did Bryce do while I was out yesterday?
  




“What did Bryce do while I
  was out yesterday?”










Bubble: Ping me if you don't see someone with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.




“Ping me if you don't see someone
  with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.”





Tell Lighthouse what things you care about. 
Know when they happen.








Bubble: If you don't see the kids by 4pm on weekdays, let me know.




“If you don't see the kids by 4pm 
 on weekdays, let me know.”







Bubble: Who did you see at the front door on Tuesday?




“Who did you see at the front 
 door while I was out?”










    Bubble: What did Bryce do while I was out yesterday?
  




“What did Bryce do while I
  was out yesterday?”










Bubble: Ping me if you don't see someone with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.




“Ping me if you don't see someone
  with the dog between 12 and 2 pm.”







Bubble: If you don't see the kids by 4pm on weekdays, let me know.




“If you don't see the kids by 4pm 
 on weekdays, let me know.”







Bubble: Who did you see at the front door on Tuesday?




“Who did you see at the front 
 door while I was out?”















































































01_Security






02_Search






03_Activity






04_Communication




















      Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
    








01_Security







		Security SVG icon: Lighthouse-home-security-cameras
	
























              Home security with smart AI.
            


              False alerts are practically a “feature” on home security cameras
              because their ordinary sensors get tricked by pets, headlights and
              moving shadows. Lighthouse camera's AI monitoring eliminates false alerts using a 3D sensor
              and machine learning, so it only notifies you when it
              detects actual movement triggered by a person it doesn’t recognize.
              Hit the siren or call the police, right from the alert.
            



See how




See how







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              











02_Search







		Search SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-camera
	






































              Need to know?  Just ask.
            


              Want to know “What did the kids do with the babysitter?”
              or “What did the dog do after I left?”  Instead of scrubbing
              through hours of boring home security camera footage or watching live view all day, all you
              have to do is ask, and the right moments appear instantly.
              It's not actually magic, but your friends will think it is.
            



See Examples




See Examples







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              











03_Activity







		Activity SVG icon: Lighthouse-indoor-camera
	
























              Tell Lighthouse what you care about.
            


              Simply ask
              "Ping me if the kids don't come home by 4pm on weekdays" or "Let me know when you
              see John with the dog while I'm out."  Or maybe just "Tell me when you see the
              cat jumping in the kitchen."  It's so much better than being alerted “something
              moved” for the umpteenth time.
            


See examples




See Examples







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              











04_Communication







		Communication SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-device
	





























              Wave to say hello. Naturally.
            


              The Lighthouse camera recognizes natural gestures, like a simple wave.
              So while you’re away from home, your kids can wave to the camera
              to send you a hello that goes right to your phone. With two-way
              talk, you can say hello right back.
            



See how




See How







                Your browser does not support the video tag. Please upgrade your browser.
              












The future. In your home.


                We helped create the first self-driving car. And now we’ve built another first - a 
                smart home camera with the same 3D sensing and machine learning technology.
              


See the tech













Pre-Order Special

Get our wall mount for free ($30 value) when you order Lighthouse.


Pre-Order


Lighthouse Intelligence™ Service:
            AI‑powered security alerts,
            activity search, custom pings and more, along with instant access
            to the last 30 days of recorded video in the cloud.
          






      Real Testimonials
    

      People are talking.
    










            "Lighthouse has integrated computer vision technology into a device
            allowing it to identify the difference between people, pets, etc.,
            which eliminates false alarms. Add in the ability to set custom
            notifications and search through your recordings and it is unique to the market."
          

              —
          

              Josh, Beta User
          










            "Initially, I thought Lighthouse was just a next-gen security system,
            but after using it, it has become apparent that it’s much more.
            I can customize it to ping me about events I specifically care
            about at home. Not only does this give continuous assurance,
            it also simplifies my life."
          

            —
          

            Jitze, Beta User
          










              "I am lucky enough to have 3 Lighthouse devices throughout my house. I love them for many reasons - they do a great job at classifying and alerting me when appropriate, and I am super impressed with how quick feeds load and how clear and crisp they are. The overall design is also beautiful, and it is easy to find a spot for it."
          

              —
            

              Gregory, Beta User
            



 
 











              "Lighthouse has integrated computer vision technology into a device
              allowing it to identify the difference between people, pets, etc.,
              which eliminates false alarms. Add in the ability to set custom
              notifications and search through your recordings and it is unique to the market."
            

                —
            

                Josh, Beta User
            










              "Initially, I thought Lighthouse was just a next-gen security system,
              but after using it, it has become apparent that it’s much more.
              I can customize it to ping me about events I specifically care
              about at home. Not only does this give continuous assurance,
              it also simplifies my life."
            

              —
            

              Jitze, Beta User
            










                "I am lucky enough to have 3 Lighthouse devices throughout my house. I love them for many reasons -
              they do a great job at classifying and alerting me when appropriate, and I am
              super impressed with how quick feeds load and how clear and crisp they are. The overall
              design is also beautiful, and it is easy to find a spot for it."
            

                —
              

                Gregory, Beta User
              





























×









×






















      Lighthouse: Features
    






















      Explore Features
    




            01_Security
          





            02_Search
          





            03_Activity
          





            04_Communication
          





            05_Privacy
          





            06_Service
          





            07_Hardware
          











		Security SVG icon: Lighthouse-home-security-cameras
	























            True Alerts
          


              Since Lighthouse only triggers on 3D movement
              and understands what it's looking at, you'll only
              receive security alerts when there's actually a person that warrants your attention. You’ll see a snapshot
              right on your phone’s lock screen, so you can decide if immediate action is required.
              And Lighthouse automatically enables and disables alerts based on
              whether you're home, so you, your family and trusted guests can
              come and go without triggering unwanted alerts.
              No more 4-digit access codes.
            




                Person recognition
          


              Using facial recognition, Lighthouse learns your household's members and guests,
              so you know instantly who's coming and going, and if someone new arrives on the scene.
            




                Live stream
          


              See your home live in beautiful 1080p, with support for portrait and landscape modes.
            




                Emergency activation
          


              When you’re alerted to a possible security threat, you can sound a
              siren, speak through the camera or call the police—right from the app.
            




                Night vision
          


              With high quality night vision, Lighthouse keeps watch even
              after the lights go down.
            




                Fine-grained access control
          


              Invite family members and guests to your home, and
              control permissions for viewing video and receiving notifications.
            







		Search SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-camera
	





































                Voice and text search
          


              When it comes to home, you’re always on a need-to-know basis.
              With the Lighthouse app, all you have to do is ask.
              Instead of scrubbing through hours of video, you can just ask. Some examples:
              

 "What did the kids do while I was out yesterday?"
              
 "Has the cat done anything interesting since I left?"
              
 "Who did you see at the front door on Tuesday between 8 and 10am?"
              
 "Have you seen the kids running around recently?"
              
 "Did you see Chris with the dog at the front door last week while I was away?"
              

              And if you’re the quiet type, you can instead type a brief search -
              just like you're Googling your home.

            




                HaloVision
          


              Any time you go back and review recorded video, color-coded halos
              make it easy to follow and sort out activity around adults,
              children and pets. And they’re just so cool.
            




                Daily Recap
          


              Review the events of the day with one tap. Timelapse videos
              automatically skip past periods of inactivity, so you can go
              straight to the action. Be in the know, in less than a minute.
            




                Save and share
          


              Select, download and share Lighthouse clips in just a few taps.
            




                All your cameras in one place
          


              Easily switch views and search for activity across multiple cameras or multiple homes.
            







		Activity SVG icon: Lighthouse-indoor-camera
	























                Pings
          


              Ask Lighthouse to ping you the moment something important happens - or doesn't happen.  Five seconds to set up, endless peace of mind.

              
 "If you don't see the kids by 4pm on weekdays while I'm away, let me know."
                
 "Tell me if you see the kids alone in the garage."
                
 "Send me a ping when John gets home today."
                
 "Ping me if Dana doesn't arrive on Saturdays between 10 and 11am."
                
 "Notify me if you see the kids downstairs between 10pm and 6am."
                
 "When the cat jumps on the kitchen table, send me a notification."
                
 "Alert me if you don't see someone with the dog at the front door between 12 and 2pm when I'm out."
                 "Let me know if no one enters the kitchen between 4pm and 8pm."
                






            Rich notifications
          


              Know exactly what’s going on, without even opening the app.
              Get a preview of security alerts and pings, right from your phone’s lock screen.
            




                Activity feed
          


              See the day’s important events, such as how long someone’s been home, who’s been coming and going,
              the camera being armed and disarmed, and security alerts, all in one place.
            




                All systems go
          


            With the tri-color LED indicator on the camera or a quick check of
            the app, you can instantly check that Lighthouse is online,
            recording and streaming.
          







		Communication SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-device
	




























            Wave hello
          


              Since Lighthouse is smart enough to recognize a friendly wave,
              family members can say hello when you’re away just by waving to
              the camera. So enjoy the hug away from home or use the mic to chat
              and check in live.
            




                Two-way talk
          


              Listen and speak to family members and guests — of both the two
              and four-legged variety — using the built-in speaker and microphone.
              For added privacy and control, you can turn audio on and off whenever you’d like.
            







		Privacy SVG icon: Lighthouse-smart-home-camera
	











                Encryption
          


              All connections are encrypted using bank-grade
              TLS/SSL with 2048-bit keys and AES-256 session encryption.
              Users log in using industry leading SRP-6a/PBKDF2 protocol.
              Device software is tamper-proof via a digitally signed bootloader and updates.
              All data is stored encrypted at rest with AES-256.
              Read more





            Data Privacy
          


              Your data is your own, period. No one will ever view your data
              without your explicit permission, and we will never sell your data
              for any reason. All data is encrypted at rest and expunged completely
              after 30 days.
              Read more





                Privacy you can control
          


              You can set the camera feed and audio to automatically pause recording when you return home,
              and resume when you leave, so your private time is your own.  No one sees your data unless
              you explicitly share it.
            
















              Service
          


              For the same price that traditional cameras charge simply for storage,
              Lighthouse’s low monthly fee gives you access to all of these features,
              making it the most sophisticated combination of hardware and software ever included with a home device:
              
 Ask Lighthouse: Know what happened at home just by asking.
                
 Real-Life Pings: Receive customized updates about activities you care about.
                
 Security Alerts with Emergency Activation: Get security alerts based on 3D
                  movement and unknown person detection. Sound a siren or call the police from the app.
                
 HaloVision: Color halos help you review video clips by people and pets.
                
 Wave Hello: Your family can say hello while you’re away, just by waving to Lighthouse.
                
 30-day Cloud Storage: Access the last 30 days of recorded video.
                













































































































































































































            Hardware
          



 1080p HD video
                
 High-quality automatic night vision
                
 95° diagonal field of view
                
 Tilt up and down
                
 Included table base; wall mount is an optional purchase
                
 Multi-camera setup - view all Lighthouse devices in one
                  stream, or search by device, within a home or across multiple homes
                
 Integrations are coming. Email us at help@light.house
                  to let us know what you’d like to see
                
 Check out all the tech specs here















Pre-Order Special


              Get our wall mount for free ($30 value) when you order Lighthouse. 
          

Pre-Order



Lighthouse Intelligence™ Service:
            AI‑powered security alerts,
            activity search, custom pings and more, along with instant access
            to the last 30 days of recorded video in the cloud.
          










×









×




















      Lighthouse: Technology
    




















              Seriously state of the art.
            

              Through our founders' PhD work on self-driving cars at Stanford -
              where they built Stanley, the first autonomous car to complete
              the 132-mile DARPA Grand Challenge race - it became clear that
              combining cameras with 3D sensors would enable extraordinary
              computer vision capabilities. For the first time we’re
              bringing that technology into the home, so Lighthouse sees
              and understands your world as you do.
            








              3D makes the extraordinary possible.
            

              Lighthouse has a custom optical module featuring the first-ever
              3D time-of-flight sensor on a home awareness device. This sensor measures the
              time it takes for emitted light to return to Lighthouse after
              bouncing off objects in the environment, producing a
              continuously updating 3D model of the scene - fundamental to the advanced
              computer vision that makes the Lighthouse experience possible.
            















              Seriously state of the art.
            


              Through our founders' PhD work on self-driving cars at Stanford -
              where they built Stanley, the first autonomous car to complete
              the 132-mile DARPA Grand Challenge race - it became clear that
              combining cameras with 3D sensors would enable extraordinary
              computer vision capabilities. For the first time we’re
              bringing that technology into the home, so Lighthouse sees
              and understands your world as you do.
            

































              3D makes the extraordinary possible.
            

              Lighthouse has a custom optical module featuring the first-ever
              3D time-of-flight sensor on a home awareness device. This sensor measures the
              time it takes for emitted light to return to Lighthouse after
              bouncing off objects in the environment, producing a
              continuously updating 3D model of the scene - fundamental to the advanced
              computer vision that makes the Lighthouse experience possible.
            














                  3D MAPPING
                





                  False alerts, gone forever. Really.
                

                  Because Lighthouse directly measures the full 3D structure of the environment, we’ve eliminated the
                  false alerts from changing light conditions and shadows that plague
                  all other home cameras.
                












                  DEEP LEARNING
                





                  Always (machine) learning.
                

                  We’ve spent over two years building machine learning models that can
                  accurately classify dogs, cats, children and adults, and ignore movement
                  from objects like curtains or fans. 3D sensing makes it possible to
                  understand the motion of objects through space and time,
                  enabling highly accurate models that we update continuously and validate with large scale
                  quantitative testing.
                












                  PERSON RECOGNITION
                





                  Next-level person identification.
                

                  Our team of computer vision PhDs have built models that allow
                  Lighthouse to quickly learn the difference between known and unknown
                  faces.  And 3D sensing opens the door to advanced algorithms that
                  identify a known person by size, shape or movement, even when it
                  can’t see a face.
                












                  ACTION RECOGNITION
                





                  Action recognition beyond simple gestures.
                

                  Using action recognition models trained on the 3D sensor,
                  we’re able to distinguish and alert you to interesting
                  activity in your home, like your dog jumping on the counter,
                  kids running around or a loved one waving hello.
                














            All spec’d out.
          

            A look at Lighthouse by the numbers.
          






                Camera
              



– 

                  1080p HD video + 3D time-of-flight sensor
                


– 

                High-quality automatic night vision
                


– 

                95° diagonal field of view
                


– 

                Tilt up and down via base or optional wall mount
                


– 

                8.5” (217mm) tall x 3.4” (87mm) diameter
                


– 

                1.6 lbs (731g) weight
                






                Audio
              



– 

                Two-way audio with mic and speaker
                


– 

                100 dB siren
                






                Power Adapter
              



– 

                12V power supply in-box
                


– 

                Supports 100-240V AC
                






                Connectivity
              



– 

                Dual-Band Wi-Fi: 2.4GHz and 5GHz
                


– 

                802.11a/b/g/n
                


– 

                Bluetooth(R) Smart 4.1
                






                Customizable recording
              



– 

                Custom options to turn video and audio on and off
                






                Security & Data Protection
              



– 

                Encrypted cloud storage
                


– 

                Secure data transfer (SSL/TLS) with 2048-bit keys
                


– 

                AES 256-bit data encryption
                


– 

                  Digitally signed bootloader and updates
                


– 

                  Key stretching with PBKDF2 for improved password security
                


– 

                  Bluetooth connections disabled after Wi-Fi configuration
                






                OS Requirements
              



– 

                iOS 10 or later
                


– 

                Android 4.4 or later
                






                Wall Mount
              



– 

                Base included
                


– 

                Wall mount sold separately
                






                Weather Resistance
              



– 

                Indoor use only
                






                Operating Temperature Range
              



– 

                32° to 104° F (0° to 40° C)
                






                Warranty
              



– 

                Comes with a 1-year limited warranty
                





              Class 1 Laser Device
            









Pre-Order Special


                Get our wall mount for free ($30 value) when you order Lighthouse. 
            

Pre-Order


Lighthouse Intelligence™ Service:
              AI‑powered security alerts,
              activity search, custom pings and more, along with instant access
              to the last 30 days of recorded video in the cloud.
            









×









×






















      Lighthouse: About us
    



























          01_Our_Vision
        


        Building the future of our dreams.
      

        There’s nothing like the feeling of knowing when you’re part of
        something new. Something exciting. And something meaningful. We live in
        a time where some fundamental technologies — like artificial
        intelligence, computer vision, deep learning and natural language
        processing — have a chance to make a huge impact on our world and
        everyday lives. And for us, one of the most interesting possibilities
        is how we can apply all of this to the place that matters most: our home.
      





          02_Our_Story
        


        The start of something big.
      

        Lighthouse got its start in the computer science labs of Stanford,
        where our CTO and Co-founder Hendrik Dahlkamp worked on Stanley,
        Stanford’s pioneering self-driving car. After being on the first team to
        ever win the DARPA Grand Challenge for autonomous vehicles, Hendrik
        continued his work in Sebastian Thrun’s lab, where he met our CEO and
        Co-founder Alex Teichman, an expert in semi-supervised learning on
        3D sensors. The two computer scientists helped develop multiple technologies that enabled
        advancements in computer vision and depth perception.  Alex and Hendrik
        saw a huge opportunity in applying these technologies in transformative
        ways, and Lighthouse was born.

      






          Stanley, the first autonomous vehicle to complete the
          132-mile DARPA Grand Challenge course in the Mojave Desert.
        





        03_Our_Team
      

        Our founders.
      








          Alex Teichman — CEO and Co-founder
        



            While receiving his PhD in computer science, Alex led Stanford’s research
            on self-driving car perception, inventing machine learning techniques that
            enabled self-driving cars to learn to recognize objects on their own instead
            of requiring large-scale human annotation. Intrigued by the
            potential range of uses for computer vision and artificial
            intelligence, he was inspired to leverage these new technologies
            for real-world applications in the home. Alex has an undergrad degree
            in Electrical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and a
            PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University.
        










          Hendrik Dahlkamp — CTO and Co-founder
        



            Hendrik previously co-founded two companies, both acquired by Google.
            His work led to the creation of Google Street View, Google Maps’
            turn-by-turn directions and gesture recognition that was
            incorporated into Android’s technology. He is a DARPA Grand
            Challenge winner for Stanley, the first self-driving car, and was
            the first engineer at Google X. Hendrik has a BS in Computer
            Science and Math and an MS in Computer Science from
            Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) in Germany. He left
            Stanford University’s PhD program to become an entrepreneur.
        





        Board members and advisors.
      








          Sebastian Thrun — Founding Board Member
        



          Sebastian is the Founder and President of Udacity, a Research Professor
          at Stanford University, former Google Fellow, inventor of the
          autonomous car and lead on various projects at Google X including
          Google Glass. Sebastian has been named the 5th Most Creative
          Person in Business (Fast Company) and among the 50 Smartest
          People in Tech (Fortune).
        










        Lior Susan — Investor and Board Member
        



          Lior is the Founder of hardware venture fund Eclipse Ventures.
          Prior to launching Eclipse, Lior was Founder and General Partner at
          LabIX, the hardware investment platform of Flextronics. Lior is a
          serial entrepreneur, having founded multiple companies in
          Silicon Valley and Israel.
        










            Andy Rubin — Investor and Advisor
          



            Andy is the Co-founder and CEO of hardware venture fund
            Playground Global. He is best known as the creator of Android,
            which, under his leadership at Google, became the world’s most
            widely used operating system.  He also led Google’s robotics and
            automation division.
          










            Bruce Leak — Investor and Advisor
          



            Bruce is a Co-founder at Playground Global. He has over three decades
            of experience in tech, most notably as the creator of QuickTime
            and the co-founder of WebTV. Besides being a serial entrepreneur,
            Bruce has had successful stints at both Microsoft and Apple.
          










            Chris Farmer — Investor and Advisor
          



            Chris is the founder and CEO of SignalFire, an early stage venture
            capital fund. Previously, Chris was a Partner with General Catalyst
            Partners, focusing on seed investment activities, a VP at Bessemer
            Venture Partners and a consultant with Bain & Co. He is an investor
            and advisor to numerous early stage startups.
          






        04_Our_Space
      

        Our home at Playground Global.
      

        We’re proud to work under the Playground roof where innovation is
        not only encouraged, it’s expected. Our space fosters creativity and
        collaboration, giving the Lighthouse team an opportunity to take risks,
        challenge the status quo and build something truly innovative.
      









        05_Careers
      

        Join our team.
      

        If you’re passionate about creating a great user experience,
        building an awe-inspiring product and working with ground-breaking
        AI technology, you’ll fit right in.
        
Apply now.







×









×





















Lighthouse AI Blog






















































Skip to content







								Lighthouse AI Blog							




Menu














		Featured	
Inside Lighthouse, Episode 3: Deep Learning 










Inside Lighthouse, Episode 2: The Evolution 










Inside Lighthouse, Episode 1: The Founders 










Lighthouse on Bloomberg and Fox Business 










Introducing Lighthouse 





























































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Lighthouse Apartments for Rent - West Sacramento, CA | ApartmentGuide.comBEDSPRICEMORESearch ApartmentsList ViewMap ViewBaths1 Bath2 Baths3 BathsDistance5 miles10 miles20 miles30 miles40 miles50 miles75 miles100 milesRatings1 Star & Above2 Stars & Above3 Stars & Above4 Stars & Above5 StarsLaundryLaundry FacilityWasher & Dryer ConnectionsWasher & Dryer In UnitAir ConditioningPets AllowedClear SelectionsMore OptionsUpdate ResultsHomeCaliforniaWest SacramentoLighthouseLighthouse Apartments for Rent -  West Sacramento, CA
Sort by: Best MatchSpotlight ApartmentsRush RiverPocket7556 Rush River Dr, Sacramento, California 95831Remodeled121$1105–$16491 Bed$1105–$1554 9 units available now2 Beds$1599–$1649 2 units available nowCurrent Rent SpecialsUpdated 7 hours agoFresh(916) 347-9157Check AvailabilityRiverview RanchWillow Creek2763 River Plaza Drive, Sacramento, California 95833$1100–$19001 Bed$1100–$15002 Beds$1225–$19003 Beds$1500–$1850Current Rent Specials(916) 407-0890Check AvailabilityThe WoodlandsSouth Natomas2025 W El Camino Ave, Sacramento, California 95833$1105–$14001 Bed$1105–$1200 3 units available now2 Beds$1255–$1400 5 units available nowCoupon & Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 1 week agoFeatured(916) 273-8498Check AvailabilityRiver TerraceNorth Sacramento2593 Mill Creek Drive, Sacramento, California 95833$1195–$14851 Bed$1195–$12252 Beds$1270–$1485Current Rent Specials(916) 647-5835Check AvailabilityLarkspur WoodsMetro Center2900 Weald Way, Sacramento, California 95833$1761–$26954.5(47 Ratings)1 Bed$1761–$2388 1 unit available now2 Beds$1817–$2695 4 units available now3 Beds$2059–$2364Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 1 hour agoFreshFeatured(916) 459-4463Check AvailabilityFurnished Studio - Sacramento - South NatomasMetro Center2810 Gateway Oaks Drive, Sacramento, California 95833FurnishedFrom $13501 BedFrom$1350Current Rent Specials(916) 764-3238Check AvailabilityThe VueSouth Natomas2450 Seamist Drive, Sacramento, California 95833$1050–$13751 Bed$1050–$1075 1 unit available now2 Beds$1125–$1375 3 units available nowCurrent Rent Specials(916) 550-9993Check AvailabilityThe Creek at 2645South Natomas2645 Stonecreek Drive, Sacramento, California 95833$1115–$18651 Bed$1115–$1245 1 unit available now2 Beds$1285–$1525 2 units available now3 Beds$1650–$1865 1 unit available nowCoupon & Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 2 hours agoFreshFeatured(916) 512-6269Check AvailabilityGovernors SquareDowntown1451 3rd Street, Sacramento, California 95814$1050–$2285Studio$1095–$11201 Bed$1050–$15002 Beds$1330–$20853 Beds$1645–$2285Current Rent Specials(844) 813-8978Check Availability800J LoftsDowntown800 J Street, Sacramento, California 95814From $1504Studio$1504–$26311 BedFrom$18532 BedsFrom$2033Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 23 hours ago(916) 347-9159Check AvailabilityCapitol TowersDowntown1500 7th Street, Sacramento, California 95814From $1475Studio$1475–$2415 5 units available now1 BedFrom$1485 6 units available now2 BedsFrom$2035 4 units available now3 BedsFrom$2145 3 units available nowCurrent Rent SpecialsUpdated 9 hours agoFresh(916) 347-0719Check AvailabilityFurnished Studio - Sacramento - West SacramentoRiverside795 Stillwater Road, West Sacramento, California 95605FurnishedFrom $18001 BedFrom$1800Current Rent Specials(916) 560-1838Check AvailabilityEVIVA MidtownDowntown1531 N Street, Sacramento, California 95814$2000–$32004.5(44 Ratings)Studio$2000 1 unit available now1 Bed$2175–$2570 2 units available now2 Beds$2645–$3200 3 units available nowCurrent Rent SpecialsUpdated 1 day ago(916) 512-3611Check AvailabilitySt. Anton BuildingMidtown2110 L Street, Sacramento, California 95816Pet Friendly$1350–$2686Studio$1350–$14001 Bed$1699–$18952 Beds$2100–$2686Current Rent Specials(916) 347-9094Check AvailabilityVillagioNatomas Crossing4101 Innovator Dr, Sacramento, California 95834$1400–$17601 Bed$1400–$1550 2 units available now2 Beds$1750–$1760 2 units available nowCurrent Rent SpecialsUpdated 2 days ago(916) 589-6246Check AvailabilityCapitol YardsUpper Land Park777 5th Street, West Sacramento, California 95605From $1790StudioFrom$17901 BedFrom$17922 BedsFrom$21193 BedsFrom$3489Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 5 hours agoFresh(916) 596-3079Check AvailabilityFurnished Studio - Sacramento - NorthgateSouth Natomas3825 Rosin Ct, Sacramento, California 95834FurnishedFrom $13681 BedFrom$1368Current Rent Specials(916) 764-3299Check AvailabilityWoodlake CloseWoodlake2059 Royal Oaks Drive, Sacramento, California 95815College$1100–$13751 Bed$11002 Beds$1325–$1375Current Rent Specials(916) 550-9961Check AvailabilityHomecoming At CreeksideCreekside4800 Kokomo Drive, Sacramento, California 95835$1468–$32451 Bed$1468–$1827 10+ units available now2 Beds$1810–$2615 10+ units available now3 Beds$2279–$3245 6 units available nowCurrent Rent SpecialsUpdated 7 hours agoFresh(916) 384-9905Check AvailabilityMiramonte TrovasRP Sports Compex4850 Natomas Blvd., Sacramento, California 95835College$1336–$21501 Bed$1336–$1592 4 units available now2 Beds$1665–$21503 Beds$1820–$1860Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 1 hour agoFreshFeatured(916) 347-9154Check AvailabilityFurnished Studio - Sacramento - Arden WayNorth Sacramento2100 Harvard Street, Sacramento, California 95815FurnishedFrom $14401 BedFrom$1440Current Rent Specials(916) 764-3211Check AvailabilityFountains At Point WestPoint West1761 Heritage Lane, Sacramento, California 95815$1200–$2980Studio$1385–$1680 1 unit available now1 Bed$1200–$2085 8 units available now2 Beds$1515–$2120 2 units available now3 Beds$2290–$2980 1 unit available nowCurrent Rent SpecialsUpdated 10 hours agoFresh(916) 550-9365Check AvailabilityAffordable near elderly living at its finestAlkali Flat505 10th Street, Sacramento, California 95814$7701 Bed$770Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 5 days ago(844) 693-4243Check AvailabilityCute 1 Bed 1 Bathroom Upstairs Duplex Downtown! wwSouthside Park1115 W Street, Sacramento, California 95818$12951 Bed$1295Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 4 days ago(844) 276-1030Check AvailabilitySuper Cute Upstairs 1bd/1ba in Midtown!Boulevard Park2320 G Street, Sacramento, California 95816$11501 Bed$1150Current Rent SpecialsUpdated 3 days ago(844) 706-0640Check Availability17 Crossley CourtNorth Sacramento17 Crossley Court, Sacramento, California 95833$22504 Beds$2250 1 unit available nowCurrent Rent Specials(916) 790-0795Check AvailabilityPrev12345NextAverage Rent in Lighthouse, West Sacramento, CAStudio: $18241 bedroom: $16402 bedrooms: $19283 bedrooms: $2477Quick Search LinksBedsDistanceCostLifestyleFeaturesStudio Apartments in Lighthouse1 Bedroom Apartments in Lighthouse2 Bedroom Apartments in LighthouseApartments Within 10 Miles Of LighthouseApartments Within 20 Miles Of LighthouseCheap Apartments in LighthouseLuxury Apartments in LighthousePet Friendly Apartments LighthouseOff Campus Apartments in LighthouseMilitary Housing in LighthouseShort Term Lease Apartments LighthouseFurnished Apartments LighthouseProperty Type LinksLighthouse Houses$SlideshowSQ.FT

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































