











Juliet Lim Named To Canadian Gaming Association Board Of Directors - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Juliet Lim Named To Canadian Gaming Association Board Of Directors






GlobeNewswire



Jun 14, 2017 7:30 AM EDT













 


















































 LAS VEGAS, June 14, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Everi Holdings Inc. (NYSE:EVRI) ("Everi" or the "Company"), the casino gaming industry's single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced that Juliet A. Lim, Executive Vice President, Payments Business Leader, was named to the Canadian Gaming Association's Board of Directors effective May 1, 2017.  Everi recently expanded its Canadian cash access capabilities to include ATM services for the first time and is growing its gaming device footprint throughout Canada. Ms. Lim said, "I am honored to join a distinguished group of industry peers as a member of the Canadian Gaming Association's Board of Directors. Everi has a long history of working with casino operators and provincial authorities across Canada, providing them with our comprehensive portfolio of payments solutions and, more recently, with our electronic gaming products.  We are excited to work more closely with our peers in Canada to further the goals of the Canadian Gaming Association." Everi also announced today that the Company will demonstrate its commitment to growing Canada's gaming industry as it showcases a selection of its industry-leading games and payments solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit, to be held June 20-21 at the Vancouver Convention Centre in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Company's display at Booth #202 will feature Everi's award-winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution and a variety of original and licensed brand game themes on the Core HDX™ cabinet.  Additional Games' products on display will be games featuring the Tower 370™ premium top box, HIGH RISE® series games, and games for the PLATINUM MPX® cabinet, all of which can display a mini bingo touchscreen for Class II settings.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Everi (EVRI) Stock Climbing on Q2 Revenue Beat
Everi (EVRI) reported revenue that topped Wall Street's expectations for the 2016 second quarter after Tuesday's closing bell.



Kaya Yurieff

Aug 10, 2016 2:13 PM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - EVRI, EA And BERY Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include EVRI, EA and BERY



TheStreet Wire

May 26, 2016 12:30 PM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - RWLK, ZION And EVRI Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include RWLK, ZION and EVRI



TheStreet Wire

May 24, 2016 12:00 PM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - ENDP, EVRI And CNOB Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include ENDP, EVRI and CNOB



TheStreet Wire

Nov 13, 2015 11:00 AM EST








































 











Trending


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


Micron Technology: What Today's Sloppy Drop in MU Means for Nervous Investors


A Stock Analyst Thinks Apple's iPhone 8 Release Will Resemble a Snake Eating a Pig


I Am Iffy on Amazon, but I Like Nvidia, Lam Research and Intel


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















Juliet Lim, Everi Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Juliet Lim

Exec VP:Payments/Secy/Gen Cnsl,
Everi Holdings Inc






Career History




Exec VP:Payments/Secy/Gen Cnsl
Everi Holdings Inc, 8/2015-PRESENT


Exec VP:Payments/Secy/Gen Cnsl
Global Cash Access Holdings, 1/2015-8/2015


Exec VP/Secretary/General Cnsl
Global Cash Access Holdings, 3/2014-1/2015


General Counsel/Secretary
Clear Energy Systems Inc, UNKNOWN-3/2014


Senior VP/Dpty General Counsel
Fidelity Natl Information Svcs, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.everi.com






Corporate Information
Address:

7250 South Tenaya Way
Suite 100
Las Vegas, NV 89113
United States


Phone:
1-702-855-3000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.everi.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Arizona
Bachelor's Degree, Finance


University of Arizona
JD








Memberships



Board Memberships




Everi Holdings Inc


Board Member, 5/2017-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of Directors





























      Questions? +1 800-883-2055
      

Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release

















        Why Us
        




        Press Releases
        



Services


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution


Resources

Contact









Contact





Resources

Contact





World Media Directory
    ·
    
RSS
    ·
    
Email Newsletters


    There were 705 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 171,424 in the last 365 days.
  









Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of Directors

Company to Demonstrate Games and Payments Solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit on June 20-21
LAS VEGAS, June  14, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Everi Holdings Inc. (NYSE:EVRI) (“Everi” or the “Company”), the casino gaming industry’s single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced that Juliet A. Lim, Executive Vice President, Payments Business Leader, was named to the Canadian Gaming Association’s Board of Directors effective May 1, 2017.  Everi recently expanded its Canadian cash access capabilities to include ATM services for the first time and is growing its gaming device footprint throughout Canada.
Ms. Lim said, “I am honored to join a distinguished group of industry peers as a member of the Canadian Gaming Association’s Board of Directors. Everi has a long history of working with casino operators and provincial authorities across Canada, providing them with our comprehensive portfolio of payments solutions and, more recently, with our electronic gaming products.  We are excited to work more closely with our peers in Canada to further the goals of the Canadian Gaming Association.” Everi also announced today that the Company will demonstrate its commitment to growing Canada’s gaming industry as it showcases a selection of its industry-leading games and payments solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit, to be held June 20-21 at the Vancouver Convention Centre in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Company’s display at Booth #202 will feature Everi’s award-winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution and a variety of original and licensed brand game themes on the Core HDX™ cabinet.  Additional Games’ products on display will be games featuring the Tower 370™ premium top box, HIGH RISE® series games, and games for the PLATINUM MPX® cabinet, all of which can display a mini bingo touchscreen for Class II settings. Everi’s payments solutions lineup at the Canadian Gaming Summit will include its VersatileXchange™ (“VXC”) non-cash dispensing kiosk that offers a bill acceptor, card reader, TITO printer and card dispenser that supports all funds dispensing kiosk functionality.  VXC also supports the Company’s innovative self-service modules, several of which will be on display. About Everi HoldingsEveri is dedicated to providing video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payments solutions and compliance and efficiency software. Everi Games provides: (a) comprehensive content, electronic gaming units and systems for Native American and commercial casinos, including both Wide-Area Progressive systems and the award winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution; and (b) the central determinant system for the video lottery terminals installed in the State of New York. Everi Payments provides: (a) access to cash at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine cash withdrawals, credit card cash access transactions, point of sale debit card transactions, and check verification and warranty services; (b) fully integrated gaming industry kiosks that provide cash access and related services; (c) products and services that improve credit decision making, automate cashier operations and enhance patron marketing activities for gaming establishments; (d) compliance, audit and data solutions; and (e) online payment processing solutions for gaming operators in states that offer intrastate, Internet-based gaming and lottery activities. About the Canadian Gaming AssociationThe Canadian Gaming Association is a nationwide not-for-profit organization with the mandate to create balance in the public dialogue about gaming in Canada and create a better understanding of the industry through advocacy and education. The Association’s members represent some of the world’s largest systems and equipment suppliers and manufacturers as well as some of Canada’s largest and most established public and private sector gaming operators. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often address our expected future business, plans, objectives and financial performance, and often contain words such as “goal,” “target,” “future,” “estimate,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “project,” “may,” “should,” or “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or assumed, including, but not limited to, the risks identified in the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Business" sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as applicable, and the other risks identified from time to time in our other press releases, reports and filings with the SEC.  If any of our projections or assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. /EIN News/ --  
Contacts:

Media 
Linda Trinh
VP, Marketing & Promotions, Everi
512-334-7627 or linda.trinh@everi.com

Investor Relations
Richard Land, James Leahy
JCIR
212-835-8500 or evri@jcir.com



  Share on
  
  Facebook
  ·
  
  Twitter
  ·
  
  LinkedIn
  ·
  
  Google+



      Distribution channels:
      Banking, Finance & Investment, Consumer Goods





  Share This Story




  Facebook

  Twitter

  LinkedIn

  Google+


    Print
  



  More From This Source



Idaho police officer named National School Resource Officer of the Year


Domo Releases Annual "Data Never Sleeps" Infographic


Lastline CEO Dr. Christopher Kruegel to Discuss Malware Analysis for Non-Windows Operating Systems at Black Hat USA

View All Stories From This Source


Submit Release





































EIN Presswire


Follow @EINPresswire






Back to top





Quick Links:


Submit Releases


Login


Set Up FREE Account


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution




Resources:


RSS


Email Newsletters


World Media Directory


EIN Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






Press Releases:


All Press Releases


Featured Press Releases


Search Press Releases


Browse by Date




Featured Clients:


WiseGuyReports.com


Marketwired


IT Governance






Help & Information Center:


Why Us?


About EIN Presswire


Helpful Tips


Video Tutorial


Client Testimonials


Blog


Services



Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release





User Agreement


Privacy Policy

Contact













EIN News Home

About EIN News

                  Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in real-time news tracking and digital information services. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered and organized into news streams. The process is supervised by a team of professional news editors.
                

                  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive news streams on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
                

EIN News
                  is a division of
                  Internet Product Development Group Inc.

                  To reach us send an
                  email
                  or call +1 202-540-8337 or +1 800-883-2055.
                



EIN Presswire


Events & Conferences


Newsfeed Maker


Inbox Robot


IPD Group



EIN Twitter



EIN Facebook






© 1995-2017 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire | EIN News. All Right Reserved.
  |
  User Agreement
  |
  Privacy Policy
  |
  Contact






Why Us


Testimonials - Client Reviews


Blog posts


Video Tutorials






Browse All Releases


Browse Featured Release


Browse By Topic


Browse by Date






Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release






Press Release Distribution


Media Monitoring






Distribution Overview


World Media Directory


U.S. TV-Radio


Microwires


Newsdesk


NewsPlugin




























Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of Directors - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for EVRI


View Print Version
                        
More from GlobeNewswire



Everi Holdings to Report 2017 Second Quarter Results on August 8 and Host Conference Call and Webcast
Las Vegas Chapter of Financial Executives International Names Randy Taylor Las Vegas Financial Executive of the Year – Manufacturing/Technology Category
Everi Launches Casablanca™ on New Empire MPX™ Premium Cabinet for Class II Wide-Area Progressive and Class III Local-Area Progressive



Referenced Stocks


EVRI
100%
Rate It





Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of Directors


By GlobeNewswire,  June 14, 2017, 07:30:00 AM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A








Company to Demonstrate Games and Payments Solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit on June 20-21

LAS VEGAS, June  14, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Everi Holdings Inc. (NYSE:EVRI) ("Everi" or the "Company"), the casino gaming industry's single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced that Juliet A. Lim, Executive Vice President, Payments Business Leader, was named to the Canadian Gaming Association's Board of Directors effective May 1, 2017.  Everi recently expanded its Canadian cash access capabilities to include ATM services for the first time and is growing its gaming device footprint throughout Canada.
Ms. Lim said, "I am honored to join a distinguished group of industry peers as a member of the Canadian Gaming Association's Board of Directors. Everi has a long history of working with casino operators and provincial authorities across Canada, providing them with our comprehensive portfolio of payments solutions and, more recently, with our electronic gaming products.  We are excited to work more closely with our peers in Canada to further the goals of the Canadian Gaming Association."
Everi also announced today that the Company will demonstrate its commitment to growing Canada's gaming industry as it showcases a selection of its industry-leading games and payments solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit, to be held June 20-21 at the Vancouver Convention Centre in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The Company's display at Booth #202 will feature Everi's award-winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution and a variety of original and licensed brand game themes on the Core HDX™ cabinet.  Additional Games' products on display will be games featuring the Tower 370™ premium top box, HIGH RISE® series games, and games for the PLATINUM MPX® cabinet, all of which can display a mini bingo touchscreen for Class II settings.
Everi's payments solutions lineup at the Canadian Gaming Summit will include its VersatileXchange™ ("VXC") non-cash dispensing kiosk that offers a bill acceptor, card reader, TITO printer and card dispenser that supports all funds dispensing kiosk functionality.  VXC also supports the Company's innovative self-service modules, several of which will be on display.
About Everi HoldingsEveri is dedicated to providing video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payments solutions and compliance and efficiency software. Everi Games provides: (a) comprehensive content, electronic gaming units and systems for Native American and commercial casinos, including both Wide-Area Progressive systems and the award winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution; and (b) the central determinant system for the video lottery terminals installed in the State of New York. Everi Payments provides: (a) access to cash at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine cash withdrawals, credit card cash access transactions, point of sale debit card transactions, and check verification and warranty services; (b) fully integrated gaming industry kiosks that provide cash access and related services; (c) products and services that improve credit decision making, automate cashier operations and enhance patron marketing activities for gaming establishments; (d) compliance, audit and data solutions; and (e) online payment processing solutions for gaming operators in states that offer intrastate, Internet-based gaming and lottery activities.
About the Canadian Gaming AssociationThe Canadian Gaming Association is a nationwide not-for-profit organization with the mandate to create balance in the public dialogue about gaming in Canada and create a better understanding of the industry through advocacy and education. The Association's members represent some of the world's largest systems and equipment suppliers and manufacturers as well as some of Canada's largest and most established public and private sector gaming operators.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains "forward-looking statements" as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often address our expected future business, plans, objectives and financial performance, and often contain words such as "goal," "target," "future," "estimate," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "project," "may," "should," or "will" and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or assumed, including, but not limited to, the risks identified in the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Business" sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as applicable, and the other risks identified from time to time in our other press releases, reports and filings with the SEC.  If any of our projections or assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from the forward-looking statements.


Contacts:

Media
Linda Trinh
VP, Marketing & Promotions, Everi
512-334-7627 or linda.trinh@everi.com

Investor Relations
Richard Land, James Leahy
JCIR
212-835-8500 or evri@jcir.com







Source: Everi Holdings Inc.





                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            EVRI




Latest News Video

The Senate GOP's Last-Ditch Plan fo... Wow! Scottsdale hotel whips up larg... Small business owners feel impact o... Eli Lilly beats on earnings as stoc... 








Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







Four Stocks Breaking Out


						7/25/2017 01:36 PM
					



Midday Update: S&P 500 Races to Record High on Earnings


						7/25/2017 01:10 PM
					



European Equity Benchmarks Close Higher; Banks, Mining Stocks Lift Markets


						7/25/2017 01:01 PM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
South Alabama Property Receives CSX Select Site Designation
GameStop and ThinkGeek Bring Comic-Con to You





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6422.15


11.34
 ▲ 
0.18%





DJIA

21653.58


140.41
 ▲ 
0.65%





S&P 500

2480.39


10.48
 ▲ 
0.42%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017 | 1:42PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

























































Juliet by Lim Heng Swee | Threadless



























































Log In /
Join Us!




Order Status


Help








Show Navigation



Threadless: t-shirt designs by artists worldwide





Search Tees
Search T-Shirts







View Search Page


View Notifications









Show Shopping Cart
0










 
 







Close

Log In
Join Us



Login

Username 
Password 

Forgot your password?
Not a member yet? Join us!




Create an account


Desired Username


Username Tip:
This is how you'll be known on the site. Choose wisely - it can't be changed.



Password


Password Tip:
Make it 3 characters or more, and type it twice to be sure.



Email


Email Tip:
We won't spam you or sell your address, but we might need to keep in touch about your account.








By clicking "Join Threadless!", you agree to our Terms of
                Service and Privacy
                Policy.

























Juliet

                          Design by Lim Heng Swee



Sold Out!
Want this design? Send us a Tweet with your request! (Don't forget to follow!)

Share







































About the Artist







ilovedoodle
Malaysia
ilovedoodle.com


Follow













 





Tags:
lim heng swee, 
                    
                        juliet, 
                    
                        butterfly, 
                    
                        butterflies, 
                    
                        fairy, 
                    
                        fairies, 
                    
                        girl, 
                    
                        cocoons, 
                    
                        chrysalis, 
                    
                        hanging, 
                    
                        suspended, 
                    
                        tanks, 
                    
                        tank tops, 
                    
                        made by, 
                    
                        boat neck, 
                    
                        boatneck, 
                    
                        white








Return Policy
 Close


Happiness, guaranteed. If your order isn't exactly what you expected, we'll
            replace any items you are unsatisfied with. Because awesome designs are the best.
            But your happiness is the super best.
        





























Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of Directors NYSE:EVRI









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of Directors
Company to Demonstrate Games and Payments Solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit on June 20-21



















June 14, 2017 07:30 ET

 | Source: Everi Holdings Inc.






LAS VEGAS, June  14, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Everi Holdings Inc. (NYSE:EVRI) (“Everi” or the “Company”), the casino gaming industry’s single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced that Juliet A. Lim, Executive Vice President, Payments Business Leader, was named to the Canadian Gaming Association’s Board of Directors effective May 1, 2017.  Everi recently expanded its Canadian cash access capabilities to include ATM services for the first time and is growing its gaming device footprint throughout Canada. Ms. Lim said, “I am honored to join a distinguished group of industry peers as a member of the Canadian Gaming Association’s Board of Directors. Everi has a long history of working with casino operators and provincial authorities across Canada, providing them with our comprehensive portfolio of payments solutions and, more recently, with our electronic gaming products.  We are excited to work more closely with our peers in Canada to further the goals of the Canadian Gaming Association.” Everi also announced today that the Company will demonstrate its commitment to growing Canada’s gaming industry as it showcases a selection of its industry-leading games and payments solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit, to be held June 20-21 at the Vancouver Convention Centre in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Company’s display at Booth #202 will feature Everi’s award-winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution and a variety of original and licensed brand game themes on the Core HDX™ cabinet.  Additional Games’ products on display will be games featuring the Tower 370™ premium top box, HIGH RISE® series games, and games for the PLATINUM MPX® cabinet, all of which can display a mini bingo touchscreen for Class II settings. Everi’s payments solutions lineup at the Canadian Gaming Summit will include its VersatileXchange™ (“VXC”) non-cash dispensing kiosk that offers a bill acceptor, card reader, TITO printer and card dispenser that supports all funds dispensing kiosk functionality.  VXC also supports the Company’s innovative self-service modules, several of which will be on display. About Everi HoldingsEveri is dedicated to providing video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payments solutions and compliance and efficiency software. Everi Games provides: (a) comprehensive content, electronic gaming units and systems for Native American and commercial casinos, including both Wide-Area Progressive systems and the award winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution; and (b) the central determinant system for the video lottery terminals installed in the State of New York. Everi Payments provides: (a) access to cash at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine cash withdrawals, credit card cash access transactions, point of sale debit card transactions, and check verification and warranty services; (b) fully integrated gaming industry kiosks that provide cash access and related services; (c) products and services that improve credit decision making, automate cashier operations and enhance patron marketing activities for gaming establishments; (d) compliance, audit and data solutions; and (e) online payment processing solutions for gaming operators in states that offer intrastate, Internet-based gaming and lottery activities. About the Canadian Gaming AssociationThe Canadian Gaming Association is a nationwide not-for-profit organization with the mandate to create balance in the public dialogue about gaming in Canada and create a better understanding of the industry through advocacy and education. The Association’s members represent some of the world’s largest systems and equipment suppliers and manufacturers as well as some of Canada’s largest and most established public and private sector gaming operators. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often address our expected future business, plans, objectives and financial performance, and often contain words such as “goal,” “target,” “future,” “estimate,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “project,” “may,” “should,” or “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or assumed, including, but not limited to, the risks identified in the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Business" sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as applicable, and the other risks identified from time to time in our other press releases, reports and filings with the SEC.  If any of our projections or assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Contacts:

Media 
Linda Trinh
VP, Marketing & Promotions, Everi
512-334-7627 or linda.trinh@everi.com

Investor Relations
Richard Land, James Leahy
JCIR
212-835-8500 or evri@jcir.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Everi Holdings Inc.


Everi Holdings to Report 2017 Second Quarter Results on August 8 and Host Conference Call and Webcast
July 25, 2017 10:30


Las Vegas Chapter of Financial Executives International Names Randy Taylor Las Vegas Financial Executive of the Year – Manufacturing/Technology Category
June 27, 2017 10:30


Everi Launches Casablanca™ on New Empire MPX™ Premium Cabinet for Class II Wide-Area Progressive and Class III Local-Area Progressive
June 22, 2017 07:30


Everi Reports 2017 First Quarter Results and Announces Completion of Refinancing
May 09, 2017 16:05


2017 Tournevent of Champions to Kick Off Sixth Annual Celebration of Slot Tournament Excitement in Style on April 28
April 27, 2017 13:30






471



other news releases in

Product / Services Announcement

in the last 30 days
                            






234



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Everi Holdings Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Las Vegas, Nevada, UNITED STATES
  http://www.gcainc.com




Contact Data
Contacts:

Media 
Linda Trinh
VP, Marketing & Promotions, Everi
512-334-7627 or linda.trinh@everi.com

Investor Relations
Richard Land, James Leahy
JCIR
212-835-8500 or evri@jcir.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Everi Holdings Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





Juliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 17 minsS&P 5002,480.39+10.48 (+0.42%)Dow 3021,654.85+141.68 (+0.66%)Nasdaq6,422.29+11.48 (+0.18%)Stocks to WatchMichael Kors buys Jimmy Choo, Barnes & Noble surges, Under Armour gets downgradedJuliet Lim Named to Canadian Gaming Association Board of DirectorsGlobeNewswire•June 14, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareLAS VEGAS, June 14, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Everi Holdings Inc. (EVRI) (“Everi” or the “Company”), the casino gaming industry’s single source provider of gaming products and payments solutions, today announced that Juliet A. Lim, Executive Vice President, Payments Business Leader, was named to the Canadian Gaming Association’s Board of Directors effective May 1, 2017.  Everi recently expanded its Canadian cash access capabilities to include ATM services for the first time and is growing its gaming device footprint throughout Canada.Ms. Lim said, “I am honored to join a distinguished group of industry peers as a member of the Canadian Gaming Association’s Board of Directors. Everi has a long history of working with casino operators and provincial authorities across Canada, providing them with our comprehensive portfolio of payments solutions and, more recently, with our electronic gaming products.  We are excited to work more closely with our peers in Canada to further the goals of the Canadian Gaming Association.”Everi also announced today that the Company will demonstrate its commitment to growing Canada’s gaming industry as it showcases a selection of its industry-leading games and payments solutions at the Canadian Gaming Summit, to be held June 20-21 at the Vancouver Convention Centre in Vancouver, British Columbia.The Company’s display at Booth #202 will feature Everi’s award-winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution and a variety of original and licensed brand game themes on the Core HDX™ cabinet.  Additional Games’ products on display will be games featuring the Tower 370™ premium top box, HIGH RISE® series games, and games for the PLATINUM MPX® cabinet, all of which can display a mini bingo touchscreen for Class II settings.Everi’s payments solutions lineup at the Canadian Gaming Summit will include its VersatileXchange™ (“VXC”) non-cash dispensing kiosk that offers a bill acceptor, card reader, TITO printer and card dispenser that supports all funds dispensing kiosk functionality.  VXC also supports the Company’s innovative self-service modules, several of which will be on display.About Everi HoldingsEveri is dedicated to providing video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payments solutions and compliance and efficiency software. Everi Games provides: (a) comprehensive content, electronic gaming units and systems for Native American and commercial casinos, including both Wide-Area Progressive systems and the award winning TournEvent® slot tournament solution; and (b) the central determinant system for the video lottery terminals installed in the State of New York. Everi Payments provides: (a) access to cash at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine cash withdrawals, credit card cash access transactions, point of sale debit card transactions, and check verification and warranty services; (b) fully integrated gaming industry kiosks that provide cash access and related services; (c) products and services that improve credit decision making, automate cashier operations and enhance patron marketing activities for gaming establishments; (d) compliance, audit and data solutions; and (e) online payment processing solutions for gaming operators in states that offer intrastate, Internet-based gaming and lottery activities.About the Canadian Gaming AssociationThe Canadian Gaming Association is a nationwide not-for-profit organization with the mandate to create balance in the public dialogue about gaming in Canada and create a better understanding of the industry through advocacy and education. The Association’s members represent some of the world’s largest systems and equipment suppliers and manufacturers as well as some of Canada’s largest and most established public and private sector gaming operators.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often address our expected future business, plans, objectives and financial performance, and often contain words such as “goal,” “target,” “future,” “estimate,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “project,” “may,” “should,” or “will” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or assumed, including, but not limited to, the risks identified in the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Business" sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as applicable, and the other risks identified from time to time in our other press releases, reports and filings with the SEC.  If any of our projections or assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from the forward-looking statements.Read MoreReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextGold Cup 2017: Schedule, teams, TV coverage & guide to the CONCACAF championshipGoal.comEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredA Former Canadian Sect Leader Has Been Found Guilty of Having 25 WivesTimeDunkirk Vet, 97, Breaks Down in Tears After Watching Movie: 'I Never Thought I Would See That Again'PeopleCan Money Buy Happiness? Yes, If You Spend It To Save TimeInternational Business TimesTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredU.S. police seek Burundi robotics teens seen at Canada borderReutersBoy Scouts forced to respond to Trump's wild, heavily political speech before tens of thousands of ScoutsBusiness InsiderDonald Trump thinks Jeff Bezos is his biggest threatYahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredMichael Kors buys Jimmy Choo, Barnes & Noble surges on sale talk, Under Armour gets downgradedYahoo FinanceChipotle: corporate sabotage rumors swirl following virus and ratsYahoo Finance VideoHot laps with the Lamborghini Aventador SYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderFirst ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Trailer LeakedInvestorPlaceDonald Trump Isn't Taking Russia Investigation Seriously, Invites Senate to Question 11-Year-Old Barron TrumpWill: The minor children of Presidents are off limits.  Trump has no problem throwing this tradition aside and put his minor son into the cross hairs.Join the Conversation1 / 5609








