









Life Insurance | Term | Universal | Variable| Lincoln Financial


























  



Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant




























 Life insurance

	Part of a solid financial plan





Life insurance provides protection for you and your loved ones, while also helping preserve your wealth or supplement your retirement income.
Protection as part of your plan 
Taking care of your family and protecting them from unforeseen events should be an important part of any long-term financial plan. We recognize the important role life insurance can play in protecting not just your assets, but also your family. To help secure what matters most to you, we offer a range of solutions that provide choice, flexibility and coverage options:

Term life insurance for temporary coverage
Universal life insurance for more flexible coverage
Variable universal life insurance for flexible coverage with the addition of growth potential

It’s more than just a death benefit
Beyond providing a guaranteed benefit to your family in the event of death, life insurance can also offer you:

Financial protection for your loved ones or business
Income replacement
Supplemental retirement income
Account value growth to use as a financial resource
Tax-deferred asset protection and accumulation
An efficient means of transferring wealth
A source of funding for business owners

   















Have you ever wondered if purchasing life insurance was the right decision for you? Learn how it can provide for your family not only in the future, but throughout your life.

















Learn about all of the benefits that come along with purchasing life insurance sooner rather than later.














Find an advisor

Discover solutions to help meet your financial goals. 


Find an advisor





Contact Us
Life insurance support



















Not sure which type of life insurance is right for you? 

	Choosing life insurance is a big step. Let us help by showing your options side by side. View a quick comparison.










					LCN 1736221-031517
				






















Term Life Insurance | Products | Lincoln Financial


























  




Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant
































Term lifeinsurance




                           Protect the ones you love for life
                        

Term life insurance, with a guaranteed income tax-free death benefit, can make it simple to protect your loved ones for a specific period of time. 
Maybe you have college expenses or mortgage costs that you want covered in case you’re no longer here. A term life product can offer a timely, accessible solution with affordable, guaranteed protection for your beneficiaries.
Choose the best term life insurance option for you
Lincoln TermAccel® Level Term

Highly competitive rates for people ages 50 and under with face amounts of $500,000 or less
Simple, convenient phone interview application
Fully electronic processing for fast approvals in as few as two days if no lab work is required

Lincoln LifeElements® Level Term

Highly competitive rates for people age 45+ with face amounts of $500,000 and above
Convenient phone interview application available for faster turnaround times than the traditional paper application process
Opportunity for no lab work if you qualify












Are you being offered life insurance by your employer?
Employer-sponsored term life policies let you select the coverage you need to help give you peace of mind.
Learn more about term life insurance options through your workplace.














Find an advisor
Choosing life insurance can be challenging – we can help.

Find an advisor










					LCN 1544138-071216
				






















Universal Life Insurance | Whole Life Alternative | Lincoln Financial


























  




Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant
































Universal lifeinsurance




	Universal life (UL) is a type of permanent life insurance that combines the flexibility of customizable death benefit protection with the ability to build the cash value of your policy.

	Universal life insurance benefits

	Universal life insurance provides all the benefits of traditional life insurance, plus:


		Potential to grow cash value over time at a set rate

		Flexibility to set the amount of your monthly premium

		Flexibility to set the amount of your death benefit while the policy is in force (subject to underwriting approval)

		Tax-deferred earnings


	Universal life insurance products


Lincoln LifeGuarantee® UL (2013) (not available in New York)


Lincoln LifeGuarantee ® UL (2012)


 (not available in New York)


Lincoln LifeCurrent ® UL


Lincoln LifeReserve® UL (2009)

Lincoln LifeGuarantee® SUL (2013) (not available in New York)

Lincoln LifeGuarantee ® SUL (2012)


 (not available in New York)


	Indexed universal life insurance products


Lincoln LifeReserve® Indexed UL Accumulator (2014)

Lincoln WealthAdvantage® Indexed UL

Lincoln WealthPreserve® Survivorship Indexed UL













Find an advisor

Discover solutions to help meet your financial goals. 


Find an advisor





Contact Us
Life insurance support







	Life insurance policies are issued by The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company does not solicit business in the state of New York, nor is it authorized to do so. Contractual obligations are subject to the claims-paying ability of The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company.

	Policies sold in New York are issued by Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York, Syracuse, NY. The contractual obligations are subject to the claims-paying ability of Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York.

	Product and features subject to state availability.







					LCN 1208569-052815
				






















Life Insurance Needs Calculator | Lincoln Financial 


























  




Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant































What type is right for me?



There are many factors you’ll want to consider when choosing the type of life insurance that’s best for your needs. What do you want in terms of death benefits, tax advantages and flexibility?
The three main types of life insurance

Term Life
Universal Life
Variable Universal Life

A quick comparison
Use this chart to get an overview of the differences between these types of life insurance and see which one might best meet your needs. An advisor can walk you through your options and discuss the right type for you.
 



 
Term
Universal
Variable Universal




Coverage
Temporary
Permanent
Permanent


Tax-Deferred
No
Yes
Yes


Premium
Fixed
Flexible
Flexible


Dependent on Investment Performance
No
No
Yes


Death Benefit
Yes, within term only
Yes
Yes


Cash Value
No
Yes, flexible
Yes, flexible



   









How much life insurance do you need?


	
		Use this calculator

















Find an advisor

Discover solutions to help meet your financial goals. 


Find an advisor





Contact Us
Life insurance support









					LCN 1208553-052815
				













	
	Lincoln Financial Group Executive Benefits


























HOME
EXECUTIVEBENEFITS
PRODUCTS
PARTNERSERVICES

Request Assistance








LFG.com
AboutLincoln
ContactUs












PRODUCTS






PARTNER SERVICES
Request Assistance
Register




PARTNER SERVICES
Request Assistance
















		We offer a variety of products designed for businesses and organizations of all types and sizes.  With an array of investment options, best in class service and accessibility to an experienced team, you get more than just a product ...you get Lincoln Executive Benefits.  Here are our Corporate Owned Life Insurance (COLI) and our Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) product offerings.
	

Corporate Owned Life Insurance (COLI)



					Lincoln Corporate Commitment VUL (LCC VUL)
				
				Lincoln Corporate Commitment VUL is a registered variable universal life insurance 
				product. It is most efficient in flexible premium, non-MEC case designs and is excellent 
				as an informal funding vehicle for many non-qualified executive benefit plans. It is used 
				to informally fund plans under 409a and FAS106 liabilities and is typically sold on a multi-pay basis. 
			


					Lincoln Corporate Commitment UL (LCC UL)
				
				This product provides corporate owned, flexible premium universal life insurance. 
				It is used to informally fund plans under 409a and FAS106 liabilities and is typically 
				sold on a multi-pay basis.



Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI)



					Lincoln Corporate Commitment BOLI (LCC BOLI)
				
				This is Lincoln's general account BOLI product designed to informally fund bank 
				benefit plan liabilities. The product charges only for mortality and credits a new-money 
				based interest rate. It is typically sold on a single-pay basis. 
			














© 2017 Lincoln National Corporation. All rights reserved.

Privacy
Legal
Business Continuity









		Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation and its affiliates.
	

LCN2039372PbProd















Variable Universal Life - Lincoln Financial Group


























  




Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant
































Variable universal life insurance




	Like universal life insurance, variable universal life insurance (VUL) combines the protection of term insurance with an accumulation value. In addition, it offers the upside potential of variable investment options. It is also known for its flexibility in premium and death benefits.

	Variable universal life insurance benefits


		All the benefits of universal life insurance

		Flexible premiums and death benefits

		Cash value growth potential based on the performance of your policy's allocations

		Ability to choose where your premiums are invested

		Tax-deferred earnings

	Single life insurance products


Lincoln AssetEdge® VUL (2015)


Lincoln AssetEdge® Exec VUL (2015)

Lincoln VULONE (2014)


 (not available in New York)

Lincoln AssetEdge ® VUL (2009)


Lincoln AssetEdge® Exec VUL (2009)


	Survivorship life insurance products


Lincoln SVULONE (2016) (not available in New York)

Lincoln PreservationEdge® SVUL


Lincoln SVULONE (2013)  


(not available in New York)

	New York insurance products


Lincoln AssetEdge® VUL (2015) NY

Lincoln AssetEdge® Exec VUL (2015) NY

Lincoln PreservationEdge® SVUL NY

Lincoln VIP Trust insurance products
LVIP — Prospectus/Reports

 LVIP Trust Holdings (PDF)


 LVIP Fund of Funds Holdings (PDF)


 LVIP Government Money Market Fund Daily NAV, Net Flows, and Liquidity (PDF)


 LVIP Government Money Market Fund Holdings – January  (PDF)


 LVIP Government Money Market Fund Holdings – February (PDF)


 LVIP Government Money Market Fund Holdings - March (PDF)


 LVIP Government Money Market Fund Holdings – April (PDF)


  LVIP Government Money Market Fund Holdings – May (PDF)


 LVIP Government Money Market Fund Holdings – June (PDF)

 
	Products not available for new sales


Single life
        




					AetnaVest
					
							




					AetnaVest II
					
							




					AetnaVest Plus
					
							




					American Legacy AssetEdgeSM VUL
					
							




					American Legacy AssetEdgeSM VUL (2009)
					
							




					American Legacy Estate Builder
					
							




					American Legacy Life (Policy Years 11+)
					
							




					American Legacy VUL
					
							




					American Legacy VUL CV-III
					
							




					American Legacy VUL CV-IV
					
							




					American Legacy VUL DB-II
					
							




					American Legacy VUL DB-IV
					
							




					CG ACCRU VUL
					
							




					CG VUL-1
					
							




					Emancipator Life
					
							




					Lincoln AssetEdge® VUL
					
							




					Lincoln AssetEdge® Exec VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble®  I VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® II VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® III VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® Accumulator VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® Exec VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® Exec 2006 VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® Protector VUL
					
							




					Lincoln MG VUL Elite
					
							




					Lincoln VUL CV
					
							




					Lincoln VUL CV-II
					
							




					Lincoln VUL CV-II Elite
					
							




					Lincoln VUL CV-III
					
							




					Lincoln VUL CV-IV
					
							




					Lincoln VUL DB
					
							




					Lincoln VUL DBElite
					
							




					Lincoln VUL DB-II
					
							




					Lincoln VUL DB--IV
					
							




					Lincoln VUL FLEX
					
							




					Lincoln VUL-1
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE





					Lincoln VULONE 2005
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE 2007
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE 2010
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE 2012
					
							




					Lincoln VUL-III
					
							




					Multi-Fund Variable Life
					
							







Survivorship life
        




							AetnaVest EP
							




							AetnaVest EPII
							




							American Legacy SVUL-III
							




							American Legacy SVUL-IV
							




							American Legacy PreservationEdgeSM SVUL
							




							Lincoln Ensemble® SVUL
							




							Lincoln Heritage SVUL 
							




							Lincoln SVUL
							




							Lincoln SVUL-I
							




							Lincoln SVUL-II
							




							Lincoln SVUL-II Elite
							




							Lincoln SVUL-III Elite
							




							Lincoln SVUL-IV
							




							Lincoln SVULONE





							Lincoln SVULONE 2007
							







New York products
        




					American Legacy VUL CV-III
					
							




					American Legacy VUL CV-IV
					
							




					American Legacy VUL DB-IV
					
							




					American Legacy SVUL-IV
					
							




					Lincoln AssetEdge® Exec VUL
					
							




					Lincoln Ensemble® II VUL
					
							




					Lincoln VULCV
					
							




					Lincoln VULCV-II Elite
					
							




					Lincoln VULCV-III
					
							




					Lincoln VULCV-IV
					
							




					Lincoln VULDB
					
							




					Lincoln VULDB-II
					
							




					Lincoln VULDB-IV
					
							




					Lincoln VULDB Elite
					
							




					Lincoln VUL FLEX
					
							




					Lincoln VUL-1
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE





					Lincoln VULONE 2005
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE 2007
					
							




					Lincoln VULONE 2010
					
							




					Lincoln SVUL
					
							




					Lincoln SVUL Elite
					
							




					Lincoln SVUL-II Elite
					
							




					Lincoln SVUL-III Elite
					
							




					Lincoln SVUL-IV
					
							




					Lincoln SVULONE





					Lincoln SVULONE  2007
					
							



















Find an advisor

Discover solutions to help meet your financial goals. 


Find an advisor





Contact Us
Life insurance support







	Variable Universal Life insurance products are issued on contract/policy forms LN698/LN696/LN699/LN697/LR697 and state variations by The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, and offered through broker-dealers with an effective selling agreement. Products and features are subject to state availability.

	Policies sold in New York are issued on policy form LN698/LN696/LN699/LN697/LR697 by Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York, Syracuse, NY, and distributed by Lincoln Financial Distributors, Inc. Contractual obligations are subject to the claims-paying ability of Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York.

	The No-Lapse provision will terminate if the death benefit option is changed. After the no-lapse benefit expires or terminates, the accumulation value must be sufficient to keep the policy in force or additional premiums will be required to avoid a policy lapse. This feature may not be available in all states. In Illinois, this provision must be referred to as Coverage Protection.

	Guarantees subject to the financial strength of the issuer.

Variable Life insurance products are sold by prospectus. Consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of the variable product and its underlying investment options carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about the variable product and its underlying investment options. Please review the prospectus available online for additional information. Read it carefully before investing.

	Policy values will fluctuate and are subject to market risk and to possible loss of principal.







					LCN 1481894-042516
				














































Pacific Life Insurance Products & Prospectuses ALL OTHER
	 | Pacific Life
	
















Chart Your Course 

 Meeting Your Needs



Chart Your Course Preserve Your LegacyRetirement IncomeRetirement PlanningSmall Business SolutionsWomen & Wealth
ResourcesCareer CenterEducation Center





Products & Services

 Annuities, Life Insurance & Mutual Funds



Products for YouAnnuitiesLife InsuranceMutual FundsResourcesCareer CenterEducation Center
Products For Your BusinessLife InsurancePension Risk TransferReal Estate InvestmentsStructured Settlements





About Pacific Life

 Learn About Pacific Life



About Pacific LifeOverviewInsurance RatingsFinancialsFoundation & CommunityLeadershipNewsroomSubsidiariesOverview
ResourcesCareer CenterEducation Center







Find a Financial ProfessionalContact UsHelp













Impersonation Mode


  Life Insurance









Client Account Sign-In

AnnuitiesLife InsuranceMutual Funds






Products & ProspectusesFunds & PerformanceFamily ProtectionEstate PlanningResources & Tip Library 










Pacific Life Insurance Products & Prospectuses
Home» Life Insurance» Products & Prospectuses» Pacific Life Insurance Products & Prospectuses





Include Life Insurance in Your Financial Plan
The death benefit protection against premature death provided by life insurance can be a key component in your financial plan. Pacific Life Insurance Company offers a variety of life insurance products to help you achieve your financial planning objectives.
For more information on Pacific Life Insurance Company products or to purchase a policy, contact your nearest life insurance producer appointed with Pacific Life.

 



Variable Universal Life Insurance Products:
Pacific Select VUL
Pacific Select VUL- Accumulation
(Policy Form #P12VUL or ICC12 P12VUL
based on state of policy issue.)
(Policy Form #P15PVA, P15PVA SP or ICC15 P15PVA,
ICC15 P15PVA SP based on state of policy issue.)


Client Guide
Prospectus & 
 Additional Information



Client Guide
Prospectus & 
 Additional Information


Pacific Select Survivorship VUL
Pacific Prime VUL
(Policy Form #P13SVL or ICC13 P13SVL
based on state of policy issue.)

(Policy Form #P11P1V or ICC11 P11P1V
 based on state of policy issue.) 

Client Guide
Prospectus & 
 Additional Information



Client Guide
Prospectus & 
 Additional Information


 
 


Pacific Select Fund: Prospectus and additional Pacific Select Fund information
Additional Prospectuses, Statements of Additional Information, Annual & Semi-Annual Reports


This and other information about Pacific Life is in prospectuses available on this web site or from your life insurance producer or by calling (800) 800-7681. Read them carefully before investing or sending money.

 



S16PDX or ICC15 P15IUL, ICC16 S16PDXIndexed Universal Life Insurance Products*:
Pacific Indexed Accumulator 5
Pacific Indexed Performer LT 2
(Policy Form #P15IUL, S15PIA5 or ICC15 P15IUL,
 ICC15 S15PIA5 based on state of policy issue.) 
(Policy Form #P15IUL, S15PIAP or ICC15 P15IUL,
 ICC15 S15PIAP based on state of policy issue.)


Client Guide



Client Guide


Pacific Indexed Protector 2

Indexed Pacific Estate Preserver 2
(Policy Form #P15IUL, S15PIAPR or ICC15 P15IUL,
 ICC15 S15PIAPR based on state of policy issue.) 

(Policy Form #P15SIL, S15IEP2 or ICC15 P15SIL,
 ICC15 S15IEP2 based on state of policy issue.) 



Client Guide



Client Guide


Pacific Discovery Xelerator IUL

 
(Policy Form #P15IUL, S16PDX or ICC15 P15IUL,
 ICC16 S16PDXbased on state of policy issue.) 

 


Client Guide


 

*These indexed products do not directly participate in any stock or equity investments.






Universal Life Insurance Products:
Versa-Flex PRO II
Pacific Estate Preserver III
(Policy Form #P10VP2)
(Policy Form #P07PE3)

Client Guide - CV Version



Client Guide


Versa-Flex NLG
Pacific Prime UL-NLG
(Policy Form #P08VN1)
(Policy Form #P10P1N)

Client Guide



Client Guide


Pacific PremierCare® Advantage1
Pacific PremierCare Advantage® Multi-Pay 2,3
(Policy Form #P12PPC or ICC12 P12PPC
based on state of policy issue.)


(Policy Form #P14PCF or ICC14 P14PCF
based on state of policy issue.)


Client Guide



Client Guide








Term Life Insurance Products:
Our Pacific Term series focuses on the essential elements of quality term products - attractive rates, conversion flexibility, competitive underwriting and quality policy services. The Pacific Term series includes:
 

Pacific PRIME Term
(Policy Form #P12TRS or ICC12 P12TRS for simplified underwritten policies and Policy Form #P12TRF or ICC12 P12TRF for fully underwritten policies.) Policy form number based on state of policy issue.  Form number will vary based on age of the insured and the face amount chosen at time of application.  Form number also correspond to the underwriting method associated with the application.



Client Guide
 


 



ICC15 CWS-L-2
  



1Pacific Life Insurance Company’s Pacific PremierCare Advantage (Policy Form #P12PPC or ICC12 P12PPC—policy form # based on state in which policy is issued) is a flexible premium adjustable life insurance policy with long-term care insurance payable through reimbursements.

 Only one premium is necessary to fund Pacific PremierCare Advantage. While this product allows additional premiums, they are not required and do not provide additional Long-Term Care Benefits, a greater Return of Premium Benefit, or increased Death Proceeds (unless a subsequent increase in the policy’s cash value requires a death benefit increase to satisfy IRC Section 7702 requirements). A premium load will apply to each premium payment. Once a sufficient premium has been paid, the long-term care coverage will continue as long as the insured lives; or until the policy is surrendered at the owner’s request; or until the maximum long-term care benefits have been paid; or until policy lapse. Policy charges (cost of insurance and coverage charges) are deducted from the policy’s accumulated value on a monthly basis. Policy lapse will only occur where the policy’s cash value less policy debt is not sufficient to cover monthly policy charges. Prior to lapse, the policy provides 61 days to pay premium sufficient to keep the policy in force.

2Pacific Life Insurance Company’s Pacific PremierCare Advantage Multi‐Pay (Policy Form #P14PCF or ICC14 P14PCF—policy form # based on state in which policy is issued) is a fixed premium universal life insurance policy with long-term care insurance payable through reimbursements.

 A premium load will apply to each premium payment.  As long as each premium is paid when due, the long-term care coverage as issued will continue as long as the insured lives; or until the policy is surrendered at the owner’s request; or until the maximum long-term care benefits have been paid; or until policy lapse. Policy charges (cost of insurance and coverage charges) are deducted from the policy’s accumulated value on a monthly basis. Policy lapse will occur where the policy debt exceeds the Cash Surrender Value; and/or the required premium was not paid within the Grace Period. Prior to lapse, the policy provides a Grace Period of 61 days to pay an amount sufficient to keep the policy in force as issued.

3Pacific PremierCare Advantage and Pacific PremierCare Advantage Multi-Pay are subject to underwriting and approval of the application and may include obtaining medical records from your physician. No medical exam is required, but a Medical Information Bureau (MIB) and prescription report will be ordered and a Personal History Interview and Cognitive Assessment will be performed via telephone as part of the underwriting process.

These products are not Partnership Qualified products. For more information on Partnership Qualified products, please contact your state department of insurance. These policies have certain exclusions and limitations. For costs and complete details of the coverage, contact your life insurance producer.

 These products are intended to provide federally tax-qualified long-term care insurance as defined in IRC Section 7702B(b). When benefits are received from multiple policies providing long-term care or chronic illness benefits for a given insured, including policies with different owners, all of those benefits must be aggregated to determine their taxability. Pacific Life cannot determine whether the benefits are taxable. If you have any questions concerning the tax implications of these products, qualified and independent legal and tax advisors should be consulted.

Reimbursements for covered long-term care expenses are subject to an elimination period and are provided by the Accelerated Benefit Rider (ABR) for Long Term Care (Form #R12ABR or ICC12 R12ABR) and the Extended Benefit Rider (EBR) for Long Term Care (Form #R12EBR or ICC12 R12EBR). (Rider form numbers vary based on state in which policy is issued.) The amount and duration of the maximum long-term care benefits will be based on the benefit options elected at time of application. Coverage elected for longer than two years is only provided through a combination of ABR and EBR. Actual amount and duration of long-term care benefits will vary based on the use of policy benefits and features. Covered long-term care expenses will be reimbursed until the total long-term care benefits are exhausted, which may vary from the elected duration. Premiums for long-term care benefits will vary depending upon the benefit options elected. Charges for ABR, EBR, and any Inflation Benefit Option are included in the initial premium payment.

Exclusions, Exceptions, and Limitations: We will not pay benefits for any room and board, care, treatment, services, equipment, or other items for care or services: 1) provided by the Insured’s Immediate Family unless he or she is a regular employee of an organization which is providing the treatment, service or care; and the organization receives the payment for the treatment, service or care; 2) for which no charge is normally made in the absence of insurance; 3) provided outside the United States of America, except as described in the International Benefit; 4) that result from an attempt at suicide (while sane or insane) or an intentionally self-inflicted injury; 5) provided in a government facility (unless otherwise required by law); 6) for which benefits are available under Medicare (including amounts that would be reimbursable but for the application of a deductible or coinsurance amount) or other governmental program (except Medicaid), any state or federal workers’ compensation, employer’s liability or occupational disease law, or any motor vehicle no-fault law. No benefits will be paid for services received while the Accelerated Benefit Rider (ABR) for Long Term Care and the Extended Benefit Rider (EBR) for Long Term Care are not in force.

 This is an insurance solicitation.

Pacific Life Insurance Company will provide you with a sample Pacific PremierCare Advantage policy by requesting one here.

Pacific Life Insurance Company will provide you with a sample Pacific PremierCare Advantage Multi-Pay policy by requesting one here.

You should carefully consider a variable life insurance product’s risks, charges, limitations, and expenses, as well as the risks, charges, expenses and investment goals/objectives of the underlying investment options. This and other information about Pacific Life insurance products are provided in the applicable product and underlying fund prospectuses which are available from your life insurance producer or by clicking here. Read them carefully before investing or sending money.

This material is not intended to be used, nor can it be used by any taxpayer, for the purpose of avoiding U.S. federal, state or local tax penalties. This material is written to support the promotion or marketing of the transaction(s) or matter(s) addressed by this material. Pacific Life, its distributors and their respective representatives do not provide tax, accounting or legal advice. Any taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer’s particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor.

Pacific Life refers to Pacific Life Insurance Company and its affiliates, including Pacific Life & Annuity Company. Insurance products are issued by Pacific Life Insurance Company in all states except New York and in New York by Pacific Life & Annuity Company. Product availability and features may vary by state. Each insurance company is solely responsible for the financial obligations accruing under the products it issues. Insurance products and their guarantees, including optional benefits and any crediting rates, are backed by the financial strength and claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company, but they do not protect the value of the variable investment options. Look to the strength of the life insurance company with regard to such guarantees as these guarantees are not backed by the broker-dealer, insurance agency or their affiliates from which products are purchased. Neither these entities nor their representatives make any representation or assurance regarding the claims-paying ability of the life insurance company. Variable insurance products are distributed by Pacific Select Distributors, LLC (member FINRA & SIPC), a subsidiary of Pacific Life Insurance Company, and an affiliate of Pacific Life & Annuity Company, and are available through licensed third-party broker-dealers.

Pacific Life is located in Newport Beach, CA.












Products & Prospectuses
First & Foremost

Income Benefits Options

Pacific Life & Annuity Products and Prospectuses

VUL Prospectuses, SAIs, Supplements, and Annual Reports
















Privacy PoliciesLegal Information & Website Usage

Copyright 2017 ©  Pacific Life Insurance Company













 




































Lincoln National Life Insurance Company Review


























 






































































































closeicon



























































































































































Lincoln National Life Insurance Company Review








Search the site
















GO


















 

 Insurance
 



	Lincoln National Life Insurance Company Review
		











                    Pin
                






                    Share
                






                    Flip
                






                    Email
                






 





        	mature man and woman in cafe with digital tablet.
        Getty Images/Tara Moore
    




 





 Insurance
 


 
Insurance Companies




 Health Insurance




 Car Insurance




 Home Insurance




 Life Insurance




 Tools & Calculators




 Other Insurance Topics




 Glossary








By Janet Hunt



    	Updated April 23, 2017 
		




Company OverviewFinancial strength and strong customer service are top considerations when choosing a life insurance company. Lincoln National Life Insurance Company has been in business for more than 100 years and is a well-trusted name in the insurance industry.Lincoln National Life Insurance Company is a subsidiary of Lincoln Financial Group. The company was founded in 1905 and is headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania.









 It is a Fortune 500 company, ranked 247 out of 500 and is a publicly traded company on the NYSE under the symbol LNC. The company is also on the Baron’s 500 list, and is ranked 220 out of 500. Total assets for the Lincoln Financial Group reached $223 billion in 2013.Lincoln Financial Group’s business operations are divided into four segments including: life insurance, annuities, group protection and retirement plan services. Lincoln Financial Group is involved in many philanthropic activities including its Lincoln Financial Foundation which donates over $10 million annually to the communities where it maintains a strong business presence.Life Insurance Policy OptionsLincoln National offers its customers a comprehensive line of life insurance products including:Term – Term life insurance products offered by Lincoln National Life Insurance Company include policies with 5, 10, 15, or 20 year term limits offering a fixed premium. Supplemental riders available with the term life insurance policy include: waiver of premium rider – premium payments may be waived if insured becomes totally disabled; children’s level term insurance rider -- Provides term coverage for children; and the accelerated benefit rider – You can receive a portion of the death benefit if you develop a terminal illness. All rider term life policy options and are available at an additional cost to the policy premium.



Universal – This policy offers permanent life insurance along with a cash accumulation value. Several policy options and endorsements are available with the universal life insurance policy through Lincoln National to customize a policy to fit your specific needs. Additional options include: accelerated benefits, accelerated benefits with critical illness, accidental death benefit, children’s term, disability waiver, guaranteed insurability, minimum death benefit and spouse term riders.









Variable Universal Life – An option that combines term life insurance with cash accumulation value with flexible premium and death benefit options. There are more than twelve variable universal life policies available through Lincoln National.Some life insurance products are not available in New York.Financial Stability Lincoln National Life Insurance Company is financially sound and has the ability to meet financial obligations as well as pay any claims presented. This ability is demonstrated by the ratings given by these top insurance rating organizations:A.M. Best – A+ SuperiorMoody’s Investor Service – A1 (Fifth Highest of 21 Ratings)Standard & Poor’s (S&P) – AA- (Fourth Highest Rating)Better Business Bureau RatingLincoln National Corporation, the parent company of Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, has an “A+” rating with the BBB and has been an accredited company since 1939. Over a three-year time period there were 92 total complaints with the majority of those being in the areas of problems with products or services.Pros & ConsLincoln National Life Insurance Company is a part of Lincoln Financial Group and offers a comprehensive choice of life insurance products. With excellent financial strength ratings, you can trust in its ability to pay claims and remain financially secure.










One advantage is being able to take care of all your long-term planning needs such as life insurance, asset management and retirement planning with one company. The life insurance rates are competitively priced. A disadvantage to the life insurance policy is the inability to receive a quote online.Contact InformationTo learn more about life insurance and other products offered, visit the Lincoln Financial Group website or call call 1-800-487-1485.




















































Show Full Article


 
















 



Pros and Cons of RiverSource Life Insurance







 



Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Review







 



United Home Life Insurance Company Review







 



Sagicor Life Insurance Company Review







 



Pacific Life Insurance Company Review







 



Foresters Life Insurance Company Review







 



New York Life Insurance Company Review







 



Transamerica Insurance Company Review














 



Principal Financial Group Disability Insurance Policy Review







 



Symetra Life Insurance Company Review







 



AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company Review







 



Northwestern Mutual Disability Insurance Policy Review







 



Assurity Life Insurance Company Review







 



Guardian Life Disability Insurance Policy Review







 



Combined Insurance Company Review







 



American Fidelity Assurance Review



















 













What is Flexible Premium Adjustable Life Insurance? 





















wiseGEEK
clear answers for common questions


Feedback
About wiseGEEK












Category: 


Finance
▼




Finance
Business
Law
United States
World
History
Technology
Internet
Education
Food
Beauty
Language
Miscellaneous
Industry
Science
Anatomy
Health
Crafts
Cars
Home
Medicine
Fashion
Fitness
Art
Environment
Travel
People
Hobbies





    What is Flexible Premium Adjustable Life Insurance?




























Flexible premium adjustable life insurance allows the most flexibility of the types of whole life insurance in regards to both investment and monthly premiums.






Whole life insurance is different from term as beneficiaries receive payment no matter what age the policy holder passes away.






The amount that a flexible premium adjustable life insurance policyholder pays in ultimately affects how much income she or he will earn from the life insurance policy.




View slideshow of images above


Watch the Did-You-Know slideshow












Follow @wiseGEEK



Article Details




	              	                Written By:
	              	              	                Alexis W.




	            Edited By: Heather Bailey




    		    Last Modified Date: 17 June 2017




Copyright Protected: 
2003-2017

Conjecture Corporation




Print this Article








        Free Widgets for your Site/Blog
      








                Did You Know?
              


Coney Island's Cannon Coaster was designed to leap over a gap in the track; this was filled in amid safety concerns. 
              more...



get widget
            















                This Day in History
              


July 25
, 
              1978
: 
              The world's first in-vitro fertilization baby was born. 
              more...



 get widget
            








Subscribe to wiseGEEK
Learn something new every day 
More Info...
   by email







 



wiseGEEK Slideshows





Adorable animal families that will make you "aww"






Top 10 amazing movie makeup transformations






You won't believe these 10 facts about people






Top 10 unbelievable historical concurrencies






Can you see through these real-life optical illusions?






10 most extreme places on Earth






10 hilariously insightful foreign words







These 10 animal facts will amaze you






These 10 facts about space will blow your mind






Top 10 facts about the world








Flexible premium adjustable life insurance is a type of whole life insurance policy that offers individuals the greatest amount of flexibility in terms of their investment choice and monthly premiums. It provides both a death benefit and an investment vehicle. Many individuals opt for such a policy because it provides a form of forced savings for retirement, while also protecting dependents in the event of premature death. 
The first key to understanding this type of insurance is understanding whole life insurance policies. Whole life policies are distinct from term life because the death benefit on a whole life policy is paid no matter when the insured dies. With term policies, the death benefit is paid only during a set period; for example, for his beneficiaries to collect the death benefit on a 30-year term, the insured would have to die within the 30-year period that the policy was active. 
With a whole life policy, premium payments continue for life and the death benefit is paid no matter when the insured dies. Premiums for this type of policy are generally more expensive than those for a term policy. They are also more expensive because the insured pays another fee, over and above the cost of insurance, which is invested in various types of investment vehicles.  


The payments are invested in one of two ways: the investor may have control over the investments and receive a variable rate of return, or he may have no control over the investment and receive a fixed rate of return. In other words, an investor with a variable policy pays extra premiums that are invested, and then gets to direct the course of that investment, ideally growing his policy, and the amount he is eventually paid. An investor with a fixed rate policy, on the other hand, pays extra premiums in and earns a fixed rate of return, while the insurance company invests those premiums. 
A flexible premium adjustable life insurance policy is an alternative fixed rate policy that gives investors greater freedom. Instead of paying the same premiums every month, the insured can choose to pay within a range. The amount he pays in ultimately affects how much income he will earn from the life insurance policy. 
He also has discretion to direct the investment of his money within the terms of the policy. The money eventually paid out to him in the form of withdrawals or dividends fluctuates based both on how much he paid on a monthly basis and based on how well his investments perform. Some policies may contain a guaranteed minimum rate of return when a policy is purchased, as long as a minimum amount of premiums are paid.  






Ad



 You might also Like 



Recommended








Related wiseGEEK Articles


What Is the Value of in-Force?



What Is a Residuary Beneficiary?



What Is Second-To-Die Insurance?



What is a Return Premium?



What is an Earned Premium?



What is Group Term Life Insurance?



What is a Waiver of Premium?




Ad






                  Discuss this Article
                





anon356662
Post 5





Make sure the financial strength rating is high according to A.M. Best. They rate the best insurance companies. Only 3 percent out of the 3,000 insurances companies in the U.S. have an A+ superior rating. So find one of those, because legally, life insurance companies can wait six months to pay out a death benefit and the average one waits 4.7 months. Also make sure that you are getting what you want out of the program. Lump sum or monthly installments? Income replacement or final expenses? All good things to consider. I would recommend a straight whole life policy that gets locked in at a young age to take care of final expenses and some term with a high face amount to cover your liabilities.                             


















anon328748
Post 4





I had an ordinary whole life level premium plan for $750K. My agent passed away and in the fourth year his 'replacement' called to say they had a new and better deal for me. It was called flexible premium adjustable life insurance. The only description he provided was that it provided a surplus or reserve premium to be invested in a variety of capital gain and income producing vehicles.
I told him to leave my original policy untouched, but he could write an additional policy to reach total $1 million. 
Instead, he rewrote entire policy for the "better" policy and collected a $10K commission. I did not know these details until 20 years later, because the new policy was mailed
                            


                                 to the trustee of the family trust who was named the beneficiary. 
The trustee received the policy and simply placed it in our trust file. It was uncovered only 20 years later when we were told premiums had reached a level twice what we had been paying ($21K/year).
In the course of our subsequent communication with the insurer, they admitted a significant error in calculation of the premiums from 20 years ago.
They are now recalculating and, you can imagine, things are a bit tense around here. I guess I should have had the decency to die younger, but at 87 I am now in something of a bind. I can't pay current $44K out of social security.
                            


view entire post




















anon189299
Post 3





When shopping for life insurance, it's basically the same thing as shopping around for any product or service - you compare rates and coverage from different life insurance companies.When we had our first child, I started getting life insurance quotes online to see what was available. One site was a good resource. It gave me rates, companies, and coverage options, and by getting a few quotes from three or four companies, I began to learn generally what a good price for certain coverage was. They also have tons of articles, but let's face it: you can't get specific prices without picking what specific coverage you want.Good luck, Alchemy. Hope this helps a bit in your search.                            





































Alchemy
Post 2





How do I tell if I am paying a good price for life insurance?  If buying life insurance is anything like buying automobile insurance, then prices can vary widely.  I am getting married soon, and I want to buy a motorcycle.  The only way my fiancée will let me have a motorcycle is if I buy some type of life insurance.  Riding bikes can be dangerous in Arizona, and we have a two-year-old daughter so I can agree with her point of view.  My only problem is I don’t know where to start shopping.  Does anyone have any good advice for a relatively young person shopping for life insurance?                            


















anon153451
Post 1





Are premiums for a charitable gift of life insurance tax deducible, payable in a lump-sum only, and taxable to the charity after the gift is made?                            










Post your comments








    	                  Post Anonymously
                    








Please enter the code:























Login



username





password












forgot password?










 



Register





  	           username
  	         






  	           password
  	         






  	           confirm
  	         






  	           email
  	         
















 







 Make changes/additions/deletions to the article below, and one of our editors will publish your suggestions if warranted.


 Optional: Explanation of your recommended changes





 Thank You!


      One of our editors will review your suggestion and make changes if warranted.
      Note that depending on the number of suggestions we receive,
      this can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days.
      Thank you for helping to improve wiseGEEK!
  




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





















forgot password?







 


wiseGEEK
clear answers for common questions


FAQ
Login
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions

Copyright © 2003 - 2017
Conjecture Corporation

















 


 
















Lincoln Annuities


























The Comprehensive Annuity Investment Guide





















Tweet

 




Lincoln Annuities
	Lincoln Financial Group (the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation) is a full-service financial company offering insurance, investment and fund management services. Its headquarters are in Radnor, PA. It offers annuities through its affiliates, the Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and the Lincoln Life & Annuity of New York, which rank near the top in sales of variable annuities. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company is one of the largest and most successful life-insurance companies in the U.S. The Life Insurance Market Research Association’s (LIMRA) annual survey declared it #1 in life insurance sales for 2007.

» Get Lincoln Annuity Quotes From Top Companies

	In the third quarter of 2006, DALBAR ranked the Lincoln Financial Group Web site #2 in its quarterly ranking of customer-friendly Web sites. In 2005, the company ranked among the 100 best companies for working mothers for the 19th time in the previous 20 years, according to Working Mother magazine.

	History

	The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company began operations on June 11, 1905, in Fort Wayne, IN. Its 33 founding investors chose the name “Lincoln” in honor of President Abraham Lincoln, to denote dependability and honesty. Robert Todd Lincoln, the President’s only surviving son, gave permission for his father’s name and likeness to be used by the company. In 1931, the company started the Lincoln Historical Research Foundation. The Foundation opened a museum containing Lincoln artifacts, documents and memorabilia in Fort Wayne in 1931. The museum still exists.

	The company grew rapidly. By 1911, it had $6.5 million in life insurance in force. Between 1914 and 1940, it added an additional $250 million. Its growth rate between 1905 and 1955 was the largest of any American life-insurance company; by 1955, it was the 9th-largest insurance company in the country. In 1968, Lincoln National Corporation became the first U.S. insurance holding company. In 1973, the company began offering mutual funds and investment-advisory services.

	After 1990, Lincoln Financial Group dropped its property and casualty insurance lines and reinsurance operations. In 1995, it acquired the prestigious Delaware Investments to beef up its investment operation. As the century dawned, the holding company purchased the life insurance and annuity operations of CIGNA and Aetna. IN 2006, it merged with Jefferson National Pilot to produce the financial powerhouse of today.


Don't Just Shop, Implement a Solid Retirement Strategy
Purchasing an annuity is a big decision. Online research is a good start, but prudent investors should discuss all their options and risks with an independent financial advisor. Request a free,
no-obligation consultation today, along with a report of current rates on brand-name annuities.
Speak with an advisor over the phone about annuities for FREE.(limited time offer)


	Lincoln Annuities

	Lincoln annuities include fixed, indexed, immediate and variable annuities. Its fixed-annuity product is a single-premium deferred annuity. Its three indexed fixed annuities include both single-premium and flexible-premium products. Its two immediate annuities, both single-premium products, include an inflation-indexed annuity. Lincoln Financial Group produces two suites of variable annuities, each containing 10 distinct variable-annuity products. (The company’s New York affiliate offers annuity products modeled on the foregoing, but with terms modified in accordance with New York law.)

	In 2008, the Morningstar Annuity Research Center ranked the company #1 in non-captive sales of variable annuities for the first half of the year. (Non-captive sales are executed by independent agents who are not bound exclusively to the products of one insurance company.)

	Financial-Strength Ratings of Companies Issuing Lincoln AnnuitiesThe four major ratings services rate the financial strength of Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and the Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York. According to the company Web site, those ratings are as follows:


		A.M. Best: A+ (2nd-highest of 16 categories)

		Standard & Poor’s: AA- (4th-highest of 21)

		Moody’s: A2 (6th-highest of 21)

		Fitch: A+ (5th-highest of 21)


	News

	On July 10, 2009, Lincoln Financial Group announced the successful completion of its $2.1 billion capital-acquisition program. The money was raised by issuing common and preferred stock and taking on debt. The group contributed $1 billion to the capital base of the Lincoln National Life Insurance Company. $950 million was obtained by issuing preferred stock to the federal government as part of the U.S. Treasury’s Capital Purchase program, which is designed to promote economic growth.

	On June 25, 2009, the Federal District Court upheld a jury verdict on favor of Lincoln Financial Group in its patent-infringement suit against Transamerica Life Insurance Company. The suit involved the use of a computerized system for administering variable annuity accounts - specifically, those accounts containing products that offered guaranteed minimum payments combined with systematic withdrawal programs.
To find the best annuity products request a free, comprehensive quote comparision. Secure your retirement today, Get Started Now.















Navigation


Home
Choosing An Annuity
Types of Annuities
Annuity Glossary
Annuity Calculators
Top Annuity Companies
Annuity Articles
Annuity Blog 


Browse by Annuity Type
Fixed
Variable
Index



Fixed Annuity Guide
Fixed Annuity Features
Fixed Annuity Performance
Finding the Best Fixed Annuities
Fixed Annuity Pitfalls
Fixed Annuity Disadvantages
Fixed Annuity Alternatives
Immediate Fixed Annuities
Deferred Fixed Annuities
CD Annuities


Variable Annuity Guide
Variable Annuity Features
Variable Annuity Performance
Finding the Best Variable Annuities
Variable Annuity Pitfalls
Variable Annuity Disadvantages
Variable Annuity Alternatives
Deferred Variable Annuities
Immediate Variable Annuities


Index Annuity Guide
Index Annuity Features
Index Annuity Performance
Finding the Best Index Annuities
Index Annuity Pitfalls
Index Annuity Disadvantages
Index Annuity Alternatives
Fixed Index Annuities

Annuity Articles
Newest
Fixed
Variable
Index


Guaranteed Variable Annuities ExplainedUnderstanding Annuity Company RatingsSelecting an Appropriate Annuity TypeWhy are Annuities PopularWhere to Buy Top Variable AnnuitiesSingle Life AnnuityTop Retirement Planning MistakesWhere to Find Top Fixed AnnuitiesMonitoring Your Annuity After PurchaseAlternatives to CDs 

Where to Find Top Fixed AnnuitiesFixed Annuities Pros and ConsFixed Tax Deferred AnnuitiesRates for Fixed AnnuitiesPre Retirement Fixed AnnuitiesHow do I Buy a Fixed AnnuityAn Explanation of Fixed AnnuitiesAdvice on Fixed Variable AnnuitiesFixed Annuity ExamplesThe Key to Buying Fixed Annuities 

Where to Buy Top Variable AnnuitiesVariable Annuities for DummiesAn Explanation of Variable AnnuitiesWhen Should I Get a Variable AnnuityVariable Annuity History RevealedVariable Annuity: Riders Worth ConsideringVariable Annuities for the Family ManThoughts on Variable AnnuitiesVariable Annuity Death BenefitsTop Variable Annuities 

Indexed Annuities Pros and ConsWhat is an Indexed AnnuityHow to Find Top Indexed AnnuitiesWhat is an Index Equity AnnuityEquity Linked AnnuitiesIndexed Annuities and Their BenefitsIndex Annuity Crediting MethodsBenefits of Equity Indexed AnnuitiesEquity Indexed Annuities Made ClearFixed Index Annuity Investment 
More Articles
Search Articles







Annuity Twitter


Recommended Sites


Investment Rates
Roth IRA Rules
Best Credit Cards

Accumulating Money
Bank Rates
Home Insurance Quotes

Mutual Fund Managers and Insights
Tips on Managing Money
Life Insurance Quotes
Finance for Life
Bank CD Rates
Make Money Online

Recommend Your Site

 






Other Annuity Pages
Immediate Annuity Guide
Deferred Annuity Guide
Life Annuity Guide

Annuity Links
Annuity State Gurantees
Annuities By State


Top Annuity Providers
Metlife Annuities
ING Annuities
Mass Mutual Annuities
Prudential Annuities
Pacific Life Annuities
John Hancock Annuities


Top Annuity Links
Wikipedia: Annuity Products
SEC: Annuities
Motley Fool: Annuity Taxation
Investopedia: Overview
eHow: Annuities
III: Annuities Information


Annuity Calculators
All Annuity Calculators
Immediate Annuity Calculator
Deferred Annuity Calculator
Index Annuity Calculator
Future Value Calculator
Present Value Calculator




about | terms | privacy policy | resources | sitemap | annuity leads | rss | contact


            	Copyright © 2007-2017 FreeAnnuityRates.com All rights reserved. Carrier logos copyright of their respective owners.
            




Disclaimer: This is not investment advice. All information on this site is intended for educational purposes only. We are not liable for any potential damages that may be incurred from this information. Always consult a licensed financial professional before investing.
        






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 














Life insurance… simplified
Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			


































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.








By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.




A 55-year-old female can get $5,000 in guaranteed coverage for $20.93 per month.





Help your loved ones during a difficult time with guaranteed life insurance coverage from American General Life Insurance Company.
No medical exams or health questions are required. If you are between the ages of 50 and 85, your acceptance is 100% guaranteed. It’s really that simple.
Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance can help your family members pay for unforeseen costs such as:

Funeral and burial expenses
Unpaid medical bills
Co-signed credit card debt
Other financial burdens

Call 1-888-243-0618 or click here to request a FREE, no-obligation quote >






Your Policy Benefits 





Guaranteed Acceptance
Your acceptance is guaranteed if you are between the ages of 50 and 85.





No Medical Exams
You do not have to submit to a medical exam or answer any health questions to apply.





Premiums Do Not Increase
Your policy premium will never increase as long as it is paid on time.


 




Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR


































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance? – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance?
Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance is a simple and permanent life insurance option. You can get up to $25,000 in coverage that can help your family members pay for unforeseen cost such as funeral and burial expenses, unpaid medical bills, co-signed credit card debt, and other financial burdens.
No medical exams or health questions are required to apply. If you are between the ages of 50 and 85, your acceptance is 100% guaranteed.
Coverage is affordable for most. A 55-year-old female can get $5,000 in guaranteed coverage for $20.93 per month.

 Premiums do not increase.
 Coverage does not decrease.
 Guaranteed acceptance.

Added protections: Two living benefits are included with your policy at no additional cost.

 Chronic Illness Benefit – If you cannot perform certain activities of daily living or if you are diagnosed with a severe cognitive impairment, American General Life Insurance Company will return all of your premiums paid up to 50% of the policies ultimate face amount less any policy loan balance and an administrative fee.
 Terminal Illness Benefit – If you are diagnosed with a terminal illness, American General Life Insurance Company will provide 50% of your death benefit amount while you are alive less any policy loan balance and an administrative fee.

Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance includes a graded death benefit for the first two years. If death occurs during the first two policy years and is not accidental, American General Life Insurance Company will pay 110% of all premiums paid to date. If an accidental death occurs at any time, the full death benefit will be paid.
This policy has exclusions, limitations, and a reduction of life insurance benefits in the first two policy years. For costs and complete details of the coverage call or write your insurance agent or the company.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.








Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















Common Questions – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













Common Questions
 What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance? > 
 How much coverage is available? >
 What living benefits are included? > 
 Do I qualify for a policy? > 
 How can my loved ones use the policy? > 
 Will my coverage amount decrease in the future? > 
 Will my premiums increase in the future? > 
 How do I apply? >
What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance?
Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance is a permanent life insurance policy that can help your family members pay for unforeseen costs such as funeral and burial expenses, unpaid medical bills, co-signed credit card debt, and other financial burdens.
How much coverage is available?
Coverage amounts ranging from $5,000 up to $25,000 are available. The maximum amount of Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance coverage in all policies that an individual can have from American General Life is $25,000.
What living benefits are included?
American General Life provides two different living benefits with this policy: a Chronic Illness Benefit and a Terminal Illness Benefit.The Chronic Illness Benefit outlines that if you cannot perform certain activities of daily living or if you are diagnosed with a severe cognitive impairment, American General Life Insurance Company will return all of your premiums paid up to 50% of the policies ultimate face amount less any policy loan balance and an administrative fee. The Terminal Illness Benefit outlines that if you are diagnosed with a terminal illness, American General Life Insurance Company will provide 50% of your death benefit amount while you are alive less any policy loan balance and and administrative fee. Both living benefits are provided at no additional cost.
Do I qualify for a policy?
If you are between the ages of 50 and 85, your acceptance is guaranteed. You do not have to submit to a medical exam or answer any health questions. You cannot be denied coverage for health reasons.
How can my loved ones use the policy?
Your loved ones can use the policy’s coverage amount any way they deem necessary. Many policy beneficiaries use the benefit amount to help pay for unforeseen costs such as funeral and burial expenses, unpaid medical bills, co-signed credit card debt, and other financials burdens.
Will my coverage amount decrease in the future?
Your coverage amount will never decrease in the future as long as premiums are paid on time.
Will my premiums increase in the future?
Your premiums will never increase in the future as long as premiums are paid on time.
How do I apply?
You can start the application process by entering your zip code at the top of this page or by calling a licensed insurance agent directly at 1-888-243-0618.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.








Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















About Us – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













About Us
For nearly 100 years, American International Group (AIG) companies have been committed to insuring you and your family’s safety. American International Group companies help protect you from unseen risk – all so you can focus on creating your own future.
American International Group companies empower nearly 90 million people in more than 100 countries across the globe.
One way American General Life Insurance Company, an AIG member company, can help ensure your family’s financial safety is with Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance coverage. A policy provides up to $25,000 in permanent life insurance coverage that can help your loved ones overcome a difficult financial time if you passed away.
Find out how life insurance can help protect your family by calling our experienced licensed insurance agents at 1-888-243-0618.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.








Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















Get Your Free Quote! – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote
for Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance


































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.












Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				








