

Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:34 PM ET

Company Overview of Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co operates in financial industry focusing on insurance business. The company is based in Fort Wayne, Indiana.


1300 South Clinton StreetFort Wayne, IN 46802United States



Phone: 800-454-6265








Key Executives for Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co




Mr. Dennis R. Glass


      	Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 67
        







Mr. Charles C. Cornelio


      	Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Mark E. Konen


      	Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Randal J. Freitag FSA, MAAA


      	Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Kieth J. Ryan


      	Executive Officer and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 







Lincoln Life Separate Account BLM, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co - Insurance- Brawley  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Lincoln Life Separate Account BLM, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co

      Industry: Insurance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1300 South Clinton Street  
    Fort Wayne, IN, 46802Phone: 800-454-6265 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-08


New


$8,343,722


$8,343,722


Other


3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-11


New


$15,001,381


$15,001,381


Other


3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-12-05


Amended


$11,864,037


$1,088,804


Other


3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-12-04


Amended


$10,775,233


$0


Other


3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-12-28


New


$10,775,233


$10,775,233


Other


06 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2011-10-05


New


$11,845,377


$11,845,377


Other


06 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2010-06-17


New


$11,836,931


$11,836,931


Other


06 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Charles A Brawley 
 Director, Executive 


 Michael J. Burns 
 Executive 


 Ellen Cooper 
 Director, Executive 


 Charles C. Cornelio 
 Director, Executive 


 Frederick J. Crawford 
 Director, Executive 


 C. Phillip Elam, Iii 
 Executive 


 Randall Freitag 
 Director, Executive 


 Wilford H Fuller 
 Director, Executive 


 Dennis R. Glass 
 Director, Executive 


 Mark E. Konen 
 Director, Executive 


 Keith J Ryan 
 Director, Executive 


 Lawrence A Samplatsky 
 Executive 


 Rise C.M. Taylor 
 Executive 










 

Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co raised $10,775,233 on December 28th, 2012































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/137772-lincoln-life-separate-account-blm-the-lincoln-national-life-insurance-cosection=deals&subsection=detail&id=137772  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co raised $10,775,233 on December 28th, 2012.Get alertedif Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co gets funded!Amount:$10,775,233Company:Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm The Lincoln National Life Insurance CoInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesIndianaFort WayneKey people:Charles Brawley (Director, Executive_Officer) Michael Burns (Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Ellen Cooper (Director, Executive Officer) Charles Cornelio (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Frederick Crawford (Director, Executive_Officer) C. Phillip Elam, Iii (Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Randall Freitag (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Dennis Glass (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Mark Konen (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer) Keith Ryan (Director, Executive Officer, Executive_Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Lincoln Life Separate Account BLM, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co (0001491364) (Filer)Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Lincoln National (NYSE:LNC) - Fundamentals Analysis



































































Loading...


 
















User Profile
Paid plan pricing

  Nothing to display.





Profile
Support
Learning
About
Logout



Dashboard



Sign up


Login



 









 





















Lincoln National
NYSE:LNC












Snowflake Description
Good value with adequate balance sheet. 
The Snowflake is generated from 30 checks in 5 different areas, read more below.









LNC
NYSE
$16B
Market Cap





 Add to portfolio

Life and Health Insurance
Company description
Lincoln National Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the multiple insurance and retirement businesses in the United States. More info.

Find similar companies 


 Add to Portfolio
 Compare
 Print
 Invest

Hi, it looks like you haven't created a portfolio yet!You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker.

Create Portfolio
×










SHARE PRICE


3 Month History







LNC















Industry





5yr Volatility vs Market





Competitors












Chubb

NYSE:CB
 Add
Compare














American International Group

NYSE:AIG
 Add
Compare














MetLife

NYSE:MET
 Add
Compare














Prudential Financial

NYSE:PRU
 Add
Compare














Travelers Companies

NYSE:TRV
 Add
Compare














Allstate

NYSE:ALL
 Add
Compare




















Value
 Is Lincoln National undervalued based on future cash flows and its price relative to the stock market?

Value is all about what a company is worth versus what price it is available for. If you went into a grocery store and all the bananas were on sale at half price, they could be considered undervalued.



INTRINSIC VALUE BASED ON FUTURE CASH FLOWS 


Here we compare the current
share price of Lincoln National to its discounted cash flow value.
The discounted cash flow value is simply looking at what the company is worth today, based on estimates of how much money it is expected to make in the future.



 Dividends have been used for this discounted cash flow calculation, why is this?
 The current share price of Lincoln National is above its future cash flow value. 
Often investors are willing to pay a premium for a company that has a high dividend or the potential for future growth.



PRICE RELATIVE TO MARKET 


We can also value a company based on what the stock market is willing to pay for it. This is similar to the price of fruit (e.g. Mangoes or Avacados) increasing when they are out of season, or how much your home is worth.
The amount the stock market is willing to pay for Lincoln National's earnings, growth and assets is considered below, and whether this is a fair price.




Price based on past earnings

Are Lincoln National's earnings available for a low price, and how does this compare to other companies in the same industry?


Good value based on earnings compared to the Insurance industry average.

Good value based on earnings compared to the overall market.




Price based on expected Growth
Does Lincoln National's expected growth come at a high price?


Good value based on expected growth next year.




Price based on value of assets
What value do investors place on Lincoln National's assets?


Good value based on assets compared to the Insurance industry average.





Show me more potentially undervalued companies in the Insurance industry 




X
Value checks
We assess Lincoln National's value by looking at:

Is the discounted cash flow value less than 20%, or 40% of the share price? (2 checks) (Click here or on bar chart for details of DCF calculation.)
Is the PE ratio less than the market average, and/ or less than the Insurance industry average (and greater than 0)? (2 checks)
Is the PEG ratio within a reasonable range (0 to 1)? (1 check)
Is the PB ratio less than the Insurance industry average (and greater than 0)? (1 check)
Lincoln National has a total score of 4/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations including PE and PEG Ratio.
Note 2: PEG ratio is based on analysts EPS growth expectations in 1 year (16.64%).
Full details on the Value part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.





X

Discounted cash flow (Dividend Discount Model)
The calculations below outline how an intrinsic value for Lincoln National is arrived at by discounting future dividends to their present value. This approach is used for finance firms where free cash flow is difficult to estimate (e.g. Banks/ Insurance firms).
If the firm does not pay the majority of its earnings out as a dividend this method will often arrive at a value significantly lower than the share price.
See our documentation to learn about this calculation.

Value of the stock
Value = Expected dividends per share / (Discount Rate - Perpetual growth rate)
$15.09 = ($1.18 / (10.16% - 2.33%)
Value per share: $15.09
Current discount (share price of $71.38): -373%

Estimate of Discount Rate
The discount rate, or required rate of return, is estimated by calculating the Cost of Equity.
Discount rate = Cost of Equity = Risk Free Rate + (Levered Beta * Equity Risk Premium)
Discount rate = 10.16% = 2.33% + (1.021 * 7.67%)

Estimate of Bottom Up Beta
The Levered is used in the case of financial firms, but it is not adjusted for financial leverage like with non-finance firms. Therefore the average levered beta from comparable firms is used as the bottom-up beta. It is limited to 0.8 to 2.0 (practical range for a stable firm).
Average Levered Beta from peers = 1.021
Levered Beta used in calculation = 1.021

Assumptions

The risk free rate of 2.33% is from the 10 year government bond rate in US.
The bottom-up beta is estimated by analysing other companies in the same industry.
The Equity Risk Premium is calculated by subtracting the risk free rate from the market return premium (10%) (source: Buffet).
The dividend discount model is automatically used for companies in the following industries: Banks, Insurance, Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs), Diversified Financial Services and Capital Markets.














Future Performance
 How is Lincoln National expected to perform in the next 1 to 3 years based on estimates from 4 analysts?


The future performance of a company is measured in the same way as past performance, by looking at estimated growth and how much profit it is expected to make.Future estimates come from professional analysts. Just like forecasting the weather, they don’t always get it right!



26%
Expected earnings growth over 3 years.



Future Earnings growth analysis 
Is Lincoln National expected to grow at an attractive rate? We look at the 1 year and 3 year growth below.
Are Lincoln National's annual earnings growth expected to exceed 3.4% over the next 3 years?

After 1 year
After 3 years




1 & 3 year estimated growth in earnings




Past and Future Earnings per Share
The accuracy of the analysts who estimate the future performance data can be gauged below. We look back 3 years and see if they were any good at predicting what actually occured. We also show the highest and lowest estimates looking forward to see if there is a wide range.






Analysts growth expectations



2 year growth check 

x1.5?


Which of the these is expected to increase by over 50% in 2 year's time?

Revenue
Cash flow data unavailable.
Profit






Performance in 3 years 

In the same way as past performance we look at the future estimated return (profit) compared to the available funds. We do this looking forward 3 years.




Lincoln National is not expected to perform strongly, Return on Equity (ROE) in 3 years is estimated to be below 20%.


Improvement & Relative to industry

Expected to be above the Insurance industry average.
A decline in Lincoln National's performance (ROE) is expected over the next 3 years.






X
Future performance checks
We assess Lincoln National's future performance by looking at:

Is the growth in earnings expected to beat the low risk savings rate, plus a premium to keep pace with inflation, in 1 year and 3 years? (2 checks)
Does the average analyst expect Revenue to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Operating Cash Flow to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Does the average analyst expect Net Income (Profit) to increase by 50% or more in 2 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity in 3 years expected to be over 20%? (1 check)

Some of the above checks will fail if the company is expected to be loss making in the relevant year.
Lincoln National has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: If no +3 year data is available, +2.5 year data may be used.
Note 2: We use GAAP per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Future part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Past Performance
 How has Lincoln National performed over the past 5 years?

The past performance of a company can be measured by how much growth it has experienced and how much profit it makes relative to the funds and assets it has available.


Past earnings growth
Below we compare Lincoln National's growth in the last year to its industry (Insurance).



Past Earnings growth analysis 
We also check if the company has grown in the past 5 years, and whether it has maintained that growth in the year.
Lincoln National's earnings growth has exceeded the industry average over the past year.

Lincoln National's 1 year earnings growth exceeds its 5 year annual average (42.8% vs 15.7%).

Lincoln National has delivered strong earnings growth in the past 5 years.




Profit History
Lincoln National's revenue and profit over the past 5 years is shown below, any years where they have experienced a loss will show up in red.





Performance last year 

We want to ensure a company is making the most of what it has available. This is done by comparing the return (profit) to a company's available funds, assets and capital.







Poor return on shareholders funds (ROE) last year.
Lincoln National performed worse than the Insurance industry average based on return on assets (ROA) last year.
Information is not available.





X
Past performance checks
We assess Lincoln National's performance over the past 5 years by checking for:

Has earnings per share (EPS) increased in past 5 years? (1 check)
Has the EPS growth in the last year exceeded that of the Insurance industry? (1 check)
Is the current EPS growth higher than the average annual growth over the past 5 years? (1 check)
Is the Return on Equity (ROE) higher than 20%? (1 check)
Is the Return on Assets (ROA) above industry average? (1 check)
Has the Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) increased from 3 years ago? (1 check)

The above checks will fail if the company has reported a loss in the most recent earnings report. Some checks require at least 3 or 5 years worth of data.
Lincoln National has a total score of 3/6, see the detailed checks below.
Note: We use GAAP Earnings per Share in all our calculations.
Full details on the Past part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Health
 How is Lincoln National's financial position? (This company is analysed differently as a bank or financial institution)

This company is a bank or financial institution.
Fundamentally a bank's business is based upon borrowing and lending money, for this reason they typically have high levels of debt and we analyse them differently.




Net Worth 








Balance sheet

This treemap shows a more detailed breakdown of Lincoln National's finances.
If any of them are yellow this indicates they may be out of proportion and red means they relate to one of the checks below.

Assets



Liabilities and shares


The 'shares' portion represents any funds contributed by the owners (shareholders) and any profits.








Historical Debt 

Nearly all companies have debt. Debt in itself isn’t bad, however if the debt is too high, or the company can’t afford to pay the interest on its debts this may have impacts in the future.
The graphic below shows equity (available funds) and debt, we ideally want to see the red area (debt) decreasing.
If there is any debt we look at the companies capability to repay it, and whether the level has increased over the past 5 years.






BANK ANALYSIS 
This company is a bank or financial institution, which is analysed accordingly below.
Below we check the amount of loans the bank has, how many of those are bad, and its ability to cover any bad loans.

Acceptable proportion of non-loan assets held.
Liabilities are made up of primarily higher risk sources of funding.
Holds no customer deposits, loans are made up entirely of borrowed funds.
The banks level of assets compared to its equity is moderate (i.e. an appropriate level of borrowing to fund lending).
High level of bad loan coverage.
Acceptable level of bad loan write offs (less than 2%).





X
Financial health checks (Bank)
We assess Lincoln National's financial health as a bank by checking for:

Leverage (Assets to Equity > 20x)? (1 check)
Coverage of bad loans (Bad Loan Coverage > 100%)? (1 check)
Proportion of lower risk deposits compared to total funding (Deposits to Liabilities < 50%)? (1 check)
Proportion of higher risk assets compared to total assets (Loans to Assets > 110%)? (1 check)
Total loans compared to deposit funding (Loans to Deposits > 125%)? (1 check)
Level of bad loans (Net Charge Off Ratio > 3%)? (1 check)
	Lincoln National has a total score of 4/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Health part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.












Dividends
 What is Lincoln National's current dividend yield, its reliability and sustainability?

Dividends are regular cash payments to you from the company, similar to a bank paying you interest on a savings account.

	

Annual Dividend Income


1.63%
Current annual income from Lincoln National dividends. Estimated to be 1.87% next year.


If you bought $2,000 of Lincoln National shares you are expected to receive $33 in your first year as a dividend. 


Dividend Amount 

Here we look how much dividend is being paid, if any. Is it above what you can get in a savings account?
 It is up there with the best dividend paying companies?


Paying below low risk savings rate. (2.25%)
Paying below the markets top dividend payers. (3.18%)




Historical dividend yield

It is important to see if the dividend for a company is stable, and not wildly increasing/decreasing each year. This graph shows you the historical rate to count toward your assessment of the stock.We also check to see if the dividend has increased in the past 10 years.



Dividends per share have been volatile in the past 10 (annual drop of over 10%).
Dividends per share have fallen over the past 10 years.




Current Payout to shareholders 

What portion of Lincoln National's earnings are paid to the shareholders as a dividend.


Dividends paid are well covered by net profit (5.9x coverage).





Future Payout to shareholders 


Dividends after 3 years are expected to be well covered by net profit (5.9x coverage).





X
Income/ dividend checks
     We assess Lincoln National's dividend by checking for:
    
Firstly is the company paying a notable dividend (greater than 0.5%) - if not then the rest of the checks are ignored.
Current dividend yield, is there one at all, is it higher than the low risk savings rate, and is it above the top 25% of dividend payers? (2 checks)
Have they paid a dividend for 10 years, and during this period has the dividend been volatile (drop of more than 25%)? (1 check)
If they have paid a dividend for 10 years has it increased in this time? (1 check)
How sustainable is the dividend, can Lincoln National afford to pay it from its earnings today and in 3 years (Payout ratio less than 90%)? (2 checks)
	Lincoln National has a total score of 2/6, see the detailed checks below.
	
Full details on the Dividends part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Management
 What is the CEO of Lincoln National's salary, the management and board of directors tenure and is there insider trading?

Management is one of the most important areas of a company. We look at unreasonable CEO compensation, how long the team and board of directors have been around for and insider trading.



CEO








Dennis Glass

COMPENSATION$13,265,412
AGE67




CEO Bio

Mr. Dennis R. Glass serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company. Mr. Glass serves as an Executive Officer of Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. He serves as the President of Lincoln Financial Group. He has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Lincoln National Corporation since July 2007 and April 2006 respectively. He serves as Executive Officer of Lincoln Life Separate Account Bl1 of The Lincoln National Life Ins. Co. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Lincoln National Corporation from April 2006 to July 2007 and served as its Head of Lincoln Financial Distributors since April 2006. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Lincoln Financial Advisors Corporation and Lincoln Financial Sports, Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Jefferson-Pilot Corporation since March 1, 2004 and served as its President since November 2001 and Chief Operating Officer from November 2001 to February 2004. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Protective Life Corporation. He served as the Chairman of American Council Of Life Insurers. He serves as Director of Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. He serves as a Director of Lincoln Financial Advisors Corporation, Asset Management Arm and Lincoln Financial Advisors Corporation. He has been a Director of Lincoln National Corporation since April 2006. He serves as Executive Director of Lincoln Life Separate Account BL3, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. He serves as an Executive Director of Lincoln Life Separate Account BL3 and Lincoln Life Flexible Premium Variable Life Account Z. He serves as Director of Lincoln Life Separate Account Bl1 of The Lincoln National Life Ins. Co. He served as a Director of Jefferson-Pilot Corporation since March 1, 2004. He served as a Director of Hampshire Funding Inc. since May 1997. Mr. Glass is an alumnus of the University of Wisconsin, where he received a bachelor's of arts degree in 1971 and a master's of business administration degree in 1973.


CEO Compensation 

CEO's compensation has been consistent with company performance over the past year.

CEO's compensation is higher than average for a company of this size and profit level.



Management Team Tenure
Average tenure of the Lincoln National management team:


3.7 years

The tenure for the Lincoln National management team is about average.

Management Team


Dennis Glass
TITLEPresident
COMPENSATION$13,265,412
AGE67



Randy Freitag
TITLECFO and Executive VP
COMPENSATION$3,928,859
AGE54



Kirkland Hicks
TITLEExecutive VP & General Counsel
COMPENSATION$3,394,681
AGE45



Will Fuller
TITLEPresident of Annuity Solutions - Lincoln Financial Distributors & Lincoln Financial Network
COMPENSATION$3,851,595
AGE46



Ellen Cooper
TITLEChief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President
AGE52



Christine Janofsky
TITLEChief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
AGE39





Board of Directors Tenure
Average tenure of the Lincoln National board of directors:


15.9 years

The average tenure for the Lincoln National board of directors is over 10 years, this suggests they are a seasoned and experienced board.

Board of Directors


Bill Cunningham
TITLENon-Executive Chairman
COMPENSATION$462,000
AGE73



Dennis Glass
TITLEPresident
COMPENSATION$13,265,412
AGE67



Eric Johnson
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$267,000
AGE66



M. Lachman
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$321,400
AGE74



Pat Pittard
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$296,400
AGE71



Michael Mee
TITLEIndependent Director
COMPENSATION$257,000
AGE74






Recent Insider Trading 

No insider transactions in the past 3 months.


Show me more companies with insider buying in the Insurance industry 




Who owns this company?





X
Management checks
     We assess Lincoln National's management by checking for:
    
Is the CEO's compensation unreasonable compared to market cap and profit (greater than  0.5% of the company's profit + 0.03% of market cap)? (1 check)
Has the CEO's compensation increased more than 20% whilst the EPS is down more then 20%? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the management team less than 2 years? (1 check)
Is the average tenure of the board of directors team less than 3 years? (1 check)
	Lincoln National has a total score of 6/6, this is not included on the snowflake, see the detailed checks below.
	
Note: We use the top 6 management executives and board members in our calculations.
	Note 2: Insider trading include any internal stakeholders and  these transactions.
	 Full details on the Management part of the Simply Wall St company analysis model.




Company News







Company Info
Description








		Lincoln National Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the multiple insurance and retirement businesses in the United States. It operates through four segments: Annuities, Retirement Plan Services, Life Insurance, and Group Protection. The company sells a range of wealth protection, accumulation, and retirement income products and solutions. The company’s products include fixed and indexed annuities, variable annuities, universal life insurance (UL), variable universal life insurance (VUL), linked-benefit UL, term life insurance, indexed universal life insurance, and employer-sponsored retirement plans and services, as well as group life, disability, and dental products. It also provides various plan investment vehicles, including individual and group variable annuities, group fixed annuities, and mutual fund-based programs; single and survivorship versions of UL and VUL, including corporate-owned UL and VUL, and bank-owned UL and VUL insurance products; and group non-medical insurance products, principally term life, universal life, disability, dental, vision, accident, and critical illness insurance to the employer market place through various forms of contributory and non-contributory plans. The company distributes its products through consultants, brokers, planners, agents, financial advisors, third-party administrators, and other intermediaries. Lincoln National Corporation was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania.
		

Details

Name:Lincoln National Corporation
Ticker:LNC
Exchange:NYSE
Founded:1904
Market Cap:$16,009 million
Website:http://www.lfg.com

Listings




Map




		150 North Radnor Chester Road, Radnor, 19087, United States

		





Number of employees



Street





Current staff


9,057
Lincoln National employees.



Industry



Industry:Life and Health Insurance
Sector:Insurance










About
Company
Plans
 
Simply Wall St News
 
Learning Center
Help Center
 
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy





Related Companies


Old Mutual (LSE:OML)


Power of Canada (TSX:POW)


AEGON N.V (NYSE:AEG)


Unum Group (NYSE:UNM)


Standard Life (LSE:SL.)


Athene Holding (NYSE:ATH)


Torchmark (NYSE:TMK)


St. James's Place (LSE:STJ)


Medibank Private (ASX:MPL)


Industrial Alliance Insurance (TSX:IAG)






Related Industries


Insurance







© 2017 Simply Wall Street Pty Ltd, Community Design 2845206, US Design Patent #29/544/281, European Design Registration #2845206, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
This website contains factual information only (RG244B) and not general or personal advice. It does not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or needs. You should seek independent financial and legal advice to consider if an investment is appropriate for your personal circumstances.
Copyright © 2017, Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.  Reproduction of S&P Capital IQ in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of S&P.  S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information.  S&P DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.  In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with subscriber’s or others’ use of S&P Capital IQ. (2017)




 













Contact, forms and claims | Lincoln Financial Group



























 



Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant
























                          Life insurance resources
                       

Note: Looking for information about life insurance provided by or purchased through an employer or organization? Go here.











Chat with us










			
			
							
					FAQs
				

			
							
					Contact us
				

			
							
					Find a form
				

			
							
					Start a claim
				








How can I view my Lincoln accounts?
        

You can manage your Lincoln policies by registering on LincolnFinancial.com. With one single secure login, you'll have 24/7 access to your policy's current information. Learn more about the account management tools and resources available through LincolnFinancial.com by reading, 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					"Accessing and managing your account."
					
							

			
		
	
 




Where can I find billing information?
        



					Log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account to view your account information or check your activity. Or, speak with a Customer Care Professional by calling 800-487-1485 or emailing us at CustServSupportTeam@LFG.com. For additional information, visit billing services.




How do I change my beneficiary?
        

You can change your beneficiary by printing and faxing, emailing or mailing the 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 Beneficiary Change for Life Policy
				 (PDF)
			
			
		
	
 form.
If you have questions and want to speak with a Customer Care Professional, please use the contact information on the form. 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					Log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account to see your current beneficiary information. For more details, read our beneficiary changes page.




Where can I find my contract value?
        



					Log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account to view your current information or check your activity. To access policy-specific information, click the account values tab.




What is the Death Benefit/Rider Basis amount?
        

The amount of your death benefit depends on your life insurance policy. 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					Log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account to view your policy. You may also speak with a Customer Care Professional by calling 800-487-1485, emailing us at CustServSupportTeam@LFG.com.  




How do I make a payment?
        

Depending on your policy, you can make your payments:

Monthly: You can make premium or loan payments monthly through the Electronic Funds Transfer program by completing this authorization form. You can fax, email or mail it to the contact information listed on the Electronic Funds Transfer Authorization 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 form.
				 (PDF)

Direct: You can make payments through direct billing on a quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis. To remit a payment via mail, use the billing address found on your billing notice. To overnight a payment, send it to the Customer Service address for the appropriate product.

For contact information, use the Electronic Funds Transfer Authorization 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 form.
				 (PDF)
			
			
		
	
 Visit billing services for additional payment details.




Can I make a withdrawal on my account?
        

To determine if your policy allows for a partial withdrawal or partial surrender, and to obtain the appropriate form, please contact a Customer Care Professional by calling 800-487-1485 or emailing CustServSupportTeam@LFG.com. Visit the loans and withdrawals page for additional information.




Can I view my account history?
        

Yes, you may 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account to view your current information or check your activity.




Where can I see my policy details?
        

To see your policy details, 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account.




How do I change the payor's name and/or address?
        

You can initiate this change by printing and faxing, emailing or mailing the 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 Life Address Change Form
				 (PDF)
			
			
		
	
 and/or the 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 Life Name Change Form
				 (PDF)
			
			
		
	
.
To get in touch, use the contact information on the form. Log in to your account to view your current information. Visit billing services for additional details on payor name and address updates.




Where can I find more economic benefit information?
        

Visit our economic benefit page for tools, resources and support.




How do I change or update a policy owner?
        

Visit our ownership and assignment page for next steps.




How do I make a claim?
        

Visit the "Start a claim" tab on the top of this page for details.




Where can I find additional information about my life insurance policy?
        

Review policy information on our policy support and services page.












	Phone support

	All times are shown in Eastern Time. Not sure which policy you have? Select the (+) symbol to expand each option below.
	 

	Contact Life Insurance support




Life insurance customer service
        


	For most Life Products (including First Penn Pacific policies)

800-487-1485
	Mon-Fri 8:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.
	Fax: 800-819-1987
	Email: CustServSupportTeam@LFG.com





					Term, Whole and Universal Life Products

					MAILING ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					P.O. Box 21008
					Greensboro, NC 27420-1008



					 

					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					100 North Greene Street
					Greensboro, NC 27401





					MoneyGuard and Variable Universal Life Products

					MAILING ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					P.O. Box 515
					Concord, NH 03302-0515



					 

					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					One Granite Place
					Concord, NH 03301





	Not sure what telephone number to use for your Lincoln Financial Life Insurance policy? Use the number above and enter your policy number into our automated system. You will be connected to a representative who can assist with your product.




Policy prefix specific contact information
        


Some policies are supported by specific teams. Use this contact information for policies that begin with:

	9 + 5 digits
	5 + 6 digits
	64, 66 or 68 + 7 digits
	N, P, R or W + 8 digits
	M or T+ 7 digits





866-835-3223

					Mon-Fri 8:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.
					Fax: 402-479-0164


				MAILING ADDRESS

				Lincoln Financial Group
				P.O. Box 84130
				Lincoln, NE 68501-4130

				OVERNIGHT ADDRESS

				Lincoln Financial Group
				777 Research Drive
				Lincoln, NE 68521







Policies originally issued by Sovereign
        






800-662-6142
					Mon-Fri 8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.
					Fax: 336-759-3141
					 



					MAILING ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					4964 University Pkwy Ste. 107
					Winston-Salem, NC 27106



					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					4964 University Pkwy Ste. 107
					Winston-Salem, NC 27106








Claims
        






Death Claims
800-487-1485; Option 4
					Mon-Fri 8:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.
					Fax: 336-691-3152
					Email: 
IndividualClaims@LFG.com



					MAILING ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					Claim Dept. - 5310
					P.O. Box 21008
					Greensboro, NC
					27420-1008



					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					Claim Dept. - 5310
					100 N. Greene Street
					Greensboro, NC 27401





Waiver of Premium or Long-term Care Claims
800-487-1485; Option 4
					Mon-Fri 8:00 a.m.-4:40 p.m.
					Fax: 336-691-4624



					MAILING ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					Claim Dept. - 5310
					P.O. Box 21008
					Greensboro, NC
					27420-1008



					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					Claim Dept. - 5310
					100 N. Greene Street
					Greensboro, NC 27401





Individual Disability Policy Claims (not employer-sponsored STD/LTD)
877-546-3656
					Mon-Fri 8:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m.
					Fax: 860-761-1801



					MAILING ADDRESS
					Disability Insurance Specialists, LLC
					P.O. Box 86
					Bloomfield, CT 06002



					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Disability Insurance Specialists, LLC
					1297-A Blue Hills Avenue
					P.O. Box 86
					Bloomfield, CT 06002





Employer-sponsored Group Benefit Claims (short- or long-term disability (STD/LTD), life/waiver of premium/dental)
800-423-2765
					Mon-Thu 8:00 a.m.-8:00 p.m.
					Fri 8:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.
					Fax: 877-843-3950
					Email: claims@LFG.com



					MAILING ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					8801 Indian Hills Drive
					Omaha, NE 68114



					OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
					Lincoln Financial Group
					8801 Indian Hills Drive
					Omaha, NE 68114
















Select your form below
Change your beneficiary, your address and more. Can’t find the form you need? Register for online account access and Log in to find more forms; or call us at 800-487-1485.
Lincoln National Life – Life Insurance Forms








 (pdf)












Start the claims process
We know that losing a loved one can be one of the most difficult times you’ll ever face. That’s why we’ve made it simple for you to file a claim.
Call us at 800-487-1485, option 4 or select "start claims process" below.
You will need:

Policy owner's home address
Policy number(s)
Insured's date of death


Start claims process

Have you already started the claims process?
Life insurance claims forms 








 (pdf)






Additional questions?
Initiating a claim



How do I know what type of claim I have?
        

Our Claims Specialist would be happy to clarify this for you. You can call our life insurance or long-term care claims line at 800-487-1485 and select option 4.
Or you can call our annuity claims line at 800-454-6265 and select option 3. We can help determine the type of claim you have and direct you to the appropriate party from either line.




What if I can't find some of the information requested in the online claim notification?
        

We might be able to work with the information you presently have, at least to start the process. For help with life insurance or long-term care claims, call 800-487-1485 and select option 4.
For help with annuity claims, call 800-454-6265 and select option 3.




How should the Power of Attorney complete the Claimant's Statement on behalf of the beneficiary?
        


	A copy of the Power of Attorney document must be submitted and cannot be more than three years old.

	If the document is older than three years, a Power of Attorney Affidavit must be provided indicating the document hasn’t been revoked.

	The beneficiary's Social Security Number must be provided; we cannot use the Attorney-in-Fact's.




What if the insured was a resident of Ohio or Indiana?
        


	An additional approved Tax Waiver/Consent Form may be required for the following states and conditions:
	Ohio Form ET 13 (for non-spousal beneficiaries and claims for more than $25,000)

	Indiana Form IH-14 (for non-spousal beneficiaries)




What if the death of the insured occurred in a country other than the United States?
        


	A Report of Death of an American Citizen Abroad from the U.S. Embassy of the country where the death occurred is required.

	A Certified Death Certificate for the insured is required. (If it is in a foreign language we require it to be translated into English.)

	Please fill out the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Foreign Death Questionnaire (PDF) 
		

.




What if the contract is an ERISA contract?
        


	The claim form needs to be signed and approved by the Plan Administrator.




What is the SecureLine® payout account option?
        

SecureLine® is an interest-bearing account with check-writing privileges. As of November 1, 2015, the interest rate for SecureLine® accounts is 1.40%. To learn more about the benefits of a SecureLine® account, call 800-487-1485 and select option 4.






	  

	Beneficiaries

	  



I'm the beneficiary of a death claim but I'm not certain the policy is with Lincoln.
        

Our Claims Specialist will use the information you supply to check our records. For help with life insurance or long-term care claims, call 800-487-1485 and select option 4.
For help with annuity claims, call 800-454-6265 and select option 3.




What if the beneficiary is an Estate?
        



		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by the court-appointed Executor of the Estate.

		A certified copy of the Letters Testamentary must be included.

		The tax identification number (TIN) for the estate is required. (We cannot use the insured's Social Security Number.)

		If the estate qualifies, you may submit a small estate affidavit in lieu of the certified copy of the Letters Testamentary. (Check your state guidelines.)

		The Claimants Statement, the Distinctive Payee Arrangement form, and the Certification Trustee Powers form must be completed by the Trustee(s) of the trust.





What if the beneficiary is a Trust?
        



		The Claimant's Statement and the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

 must be completed by the Trustee(s) of the trust.


	The following pages of the Trust are required:


		Title page of the Trust

		Page naming the successor trustee(s)

		Signature page

		Any amendments to the Trust

		The tax identification of the Trust. (We cannot use the deceased's Social Security Number.)

		If the Trust is a Testamentary Trust we require a copy of the Probated Will and Letters Testamentary appointing the executor.





What if the beneficiary is a minor (under the age of majority)?
        


Every state has different requirements, which vary depending on the amount of the benefits payable.


		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by the legal guardian/custodian of the minor's Estate.

		A certified copy of the court appointment for the minor's estate is required.

		The minor's personal Social Security Number must be provided.





What if the beneficiary is legally incompetent?
        



		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by either the Power of Attorney (follow instructions for Power of Attorney under Frequently Asked Question #5) or the Legal Guardian/Conservator of the beneficiary.

		A certified copy of the court-approved appointment must be submitted if there is a legal guardian/conservator.

		The beneficiary's Social Security Number is required, not the personal representative's.





What if the beneficiaries name is different than the one listed on the beneficiary designation?
        


	If the beneficiaries name has changed due to marriage, divorce, etc., include a copy of the legal document (marriage certificate, divorce decree, etc.) that documents the name change.




What if the beneficiary designation reads "Children" or a similar designation?
        



		A 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

 is required.

		A separate Claimant's Statement must be completed by each child listed on the Distinctive Payee Arrangement Form.





What if the beneficiary predeceased or postdeceased the insured prior to submitting the Claimant's Statement?
        



		A copy of the Certified Death Certificate for that beneficiary is required.

		Upon notification that a beneficiary has become deceased, we will review the contract and determine to whom the benefits are payable.





What if the beneficiary is a corporation or charitable organization?
        



		A copy of the corporate resolution (or its equivalent) must be submitted indicating the representative is authorized to sign on behalf of the corporation or charitable organization.

		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by a named representative in the corporate resolution.

		The named representative must also complete and sign the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

.

		The Tax Identification Number for the corporation or charitable organization is also required. (We cannot use the representative's Social Security Number.)





What if the beneficiary is a custodian for the benefit of the insured?
        



		A copy of the corporate resolution (or its equivalent) must be submitted indicating the representative is authorized to sign on behalf of the corporation or charitable organization.

		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by a named representative in the corporate resolution.

		The named representative must also complete and sign the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

.

		The Tax Identification Number for the corporation or charitable organization is also required. (We cannot use the representative's Social Security Number.)




























Fund Profile
Fund Performance
Unit Values













Overview (as of {{invescoOverlay.fundPortFolioDate}})


Fund Inception Date {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.fundInceptionDate}}
Fund Asset Size ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.totalFundAssets}} M
Average Market Cap ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.averageMarketCap}} M


Price/Book Ratio {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.priceBookRatio}}x
Price/Earnings Ratio {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.priceEarningsRatio}}x
Dividend Yield {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.dividendYield}}%






Export:
PDF




Top 10 Holdings
Total {{invescoOverlay.totalHolding}}%
{{listOfCompany.companyName}} {{listOfCompany.pct}}%








Risk Disclosure(s)











{{invescoOverlay.yearName}} Inception Date: {{invescoOverlay.fundInceptionDate}}





Export:
PDF
Excel



Performance %
Change from Previous Day {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.changeFrmPrevDayPerformance}}0
YTD as of {{invescoOverlay.fundPerformanceData.fullperfData.productPerformance.lastDailyPerfDate}} {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueYtd1}}0
YTD as of {{invescoOverlay.fundPerformanceData.fullperfData.productPerformance.monthlyPerformanceYtd2Date}} {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueYtd2}}0
1 Month {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueOneMonth}}0
3 Month {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueThreeMonth}}0
1 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueOneYear}}0
3 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueThreeYear}}0
5 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueFiveYear}}0
10 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueTenYear}}
0

Since Inception{{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueSinceInception}}
0









Risk Disclosure(s)











Fund Inception Date {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.uvInceptionDate}}
Year End 12/31/2014 unit value ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.unitValueLastYear}}
Daily as of 02/26/2015 unit value ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.unitValueYesterday}}





Export:
PDF
Excel









Risk Disclosure(s)
























Compare Investment Options





View












Export:
PDF
Print












						LCN 1657161-120516-LIF
					













Dennis R Glass Lincoln Financial Group | Search Net Worth of Celebrities




















































 
 








Search Net WorthFind out celebrities, rappers, athletes, professionals, politicians, businessman net worth













Top 100

Top List
Top 10 richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teen Celebrities
Top 10 Richest Women


Athletes

Baseball
Boxers
Footballers
NBA
NFL
Soccer
Tennis
wrestlers
MMA
Race Car
Skate
Coaches


Businessmen

Billionaires
CEOs
Executives
Criminals
Designers
Wall Street
Producers
Lawyers
Companies


Celebrities

Actors
Authors
Producers
Comedians
Directors
Models
Rappers
Rock Stars
Politicians

Democrats
Presidents
Republicans
Royals
Sheiks


Singers


News

Celebrities Real Estate


Galleries
 







 












									Currently viewing the tag: 					"dennis r glass lincoln financial group"











 

Birth Date: 1949
Nationality: United States U.S.
Occupation: President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation
Education: UW–Milwaukee, BA, MBA
Spouse: Deborah / children




Dennis R Glass Lincoln Financial Group
· In Businessmen 



Read more...




Dennis R Glass Net Worth is 13.2 $Million. Dennis R Glass Net Worth is 13.2 $Million. Dennis R. Glass  is the President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation. He also served as the chairman of the board of the American Council of Dennis R. Glass  is the President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation. He also served as the chairman of the board of the American Council of Life Insurers.Glass was formerly the President and CEO of Jefferson Pilot Corporation, which merged with Lincoln Financial Group in 2006. Before joining Jefferson Pilot Corporation in 1993, he held executive-level finance and investment positions with Protective Life and Northwestern Mutual. He became the president and chief operating officer of Lincoln Financial Group in April 2006 and was appointed as Lincoln Financial's CEO in 2007.Glass is a graduate of the University of Wisconsina??Milwaukee, where he obtained his B.A. and MBA degrees in business administration in 1971 and 1973....Read more about dennis r glass lincoln financial groupDennis R Glass Latest News



Dennis R Glass
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history.
Posted: March 31, 2013, 5:00 pm

Lincoln: Variable Annuity Sales Close to Bottoming Out
In that light, the guarantee of lifetime income will hold strong appeal for consumers, said Dennis R. Glass, president and CEO of Lincoln Financial. The Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule, which takes effect next June 9, requires that agents who choose ...
Posted: May 5, 2017, 6:31 am

Lincoln Financial Group Joins Leading U.S. Companies in Making Unprecedented Commitment to Advance Diversity and Inclusion in the Workplace
Specifically, president and CEO Dennis R. Glass was among 175 chief executives to sign the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to diversity and inclusion. Together, the signatories pledged to take further ...
Posted: June 29, 2017, 7:30 am

Tremendously Thin-Skinned Red Sox are Waging Ridiculous War Against Dennis Eckersley
His time under the magnifying glass of big-market East Coast media scrutiny has seen ... in-flight confrontation between Red Sox pitcher David Price and NESN analyst Dennis Eckersley on a flight from Boston to Toronto in late June. It includes this ...
Posted: July 25, 2017, 3:59 am

Lincoln Financial Group Joins Leading U.S. Companies in Making Unprecedented Commitment to Advance Diversity & Inclusion in t...
Dennis Glass among Top CEOs to ... it joined leading U.S. companies in making an unprecedented commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Specifically, president and CEO Dennis R. Glass was among 175 chief executives to sign the ...
Posted: June 29, 2017, 3:30 am

Related Topics: Contact Dennis R. Gl, Dennis R Gl Biography, Dennis R Glass, Dennis R Glass Age, Dennis R Glass Bio, Dennis R Glass Country, Dennis R Glass Date Of Birth, Dennis R Glass Earnings, Dennis R Glass Ethnicity, Dennis R Glass Gossips, Dennis R Glass Height, Dennis R Glass History, Dennis R Glass Home Town, Dennis R Glass Images, Dennis R Glass Income, Dennis R Glass Job, Dennis R Glass Lincoln, Dennis R Glass Lincoln Financial Group, Dennis R Glass Nationality, Dennis R Glass Net Worth, Dennis R Glass Networth, Dennis R Glass News, Dennis R Glass Partner, Dennis R Glass Place Of Birth, Dennis R Glass Rumors, Dennis R Glass Salary, Dennis R Glass Secrets, Dennis R Glass Videos, Dennis R Glass Weight, Dennis R. Gl Email, Dennis R. Gl Lincoln Financial Group, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Earnings, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Income, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Net Worth, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Salary, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Worth, Who Is Dennis R Glass,  













Add Widgets (Content Sidebar)
This is your Content Sidebar. Edit this content that appears here in the widgets panel by adding or removing widgets in the Content Sidebar area.
			












 Top 10 Richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teens
Top 10 Richest Women
THE RICHESTS
Featured Posts










 


















Featured People











 






 




 











 
 
 








					Search Net Worth				



Latest Posts
Top Players
Content Feedback Form
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us


© 2013 SearchNetWorth.com
Email: info@searchnetworth.com	




















































LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE CO v. BEZICH | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 7th Cir.
LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE CO v. BEZICH

LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE CO v. BEZICH




ResetAA
Font size:
Print







United States Court of Appeals,Seventh Circuit.
LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE CO., Petitioner, v. Peter S. BEZICH, individually and on behalf of a class of others similarly situated, Respondent.
No. 10-8013.
    Decided: June 25, 2010

		Before BAUER, POSNER, and WOOD, Circuit Judges.Waldemar J. Pflepsen, Jr., Jorden Burt, Washington, DC, Kathleen M. Anderson, Barnes & Thornburg, Fort Wayne, IN, for Petitioner. Matthew J. Connelly, Blume, Connelly, Jordan, Stucky & Ulmer, Fort Wayne, IN, for Respondent.
This petition for permission to appeal arises out of a class action lawsuit that Peter Bezich is attempting to pursue in the state courts of Indiana. Bezich's complaint asserts that Lincoln National Life Insurance Company breached the terms of certain variable life insurance policies it issued. Each month, Lincoln deducts cost-of-insurance charges from the accounts of its policyholders; the charges, Bezich contends, are not determined based on expected mortality, as promised by the policy. Lincoln attempted to remove the suit to federal court under the Class Action Fairness Act of 2005 (CAFA), 28 U.S.C. §§ 1332(d), 1453, but the district court remanded the suit based on CAFA's exception to federal jurisdiction for an action “that solely involves a claim ․ that relates to the rights, duties (including fiduciary duties), and obligations relating to or created by or pursuant to any security (as defined under section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(1)) and the regulations issued thereunder) .” Id. § 1332(d)(9)(C). In this court, Lincoln would like to challenge the district court's conclusion that § 1332(d)(9)(C) applies. It contends that its petition raises a “novel and important issue” under CAFA: “whether contract claims grounded in the traditional insurance features of variable life insurance policies, as opposed to those related to their security features, qualify under the securities exception to CAFA.” Because we agree with the district court that § 1332(d)(9)(C) applies, and this also means that we lack appellate jurisdiction, we dismiss the petition for leave to appeal. See 28 U.S.C. § 1453(d)(3). (We note that Lincoln filed a motion for leave to file a reply to Bezich's opposition to its petition and tendered the proposed reply with that motion. We grant the motion and accept the reply.)Policyholders like Bezich hold a single variable life insurance policy; under the policy, participants may allocate money between a General Account, which accumulates value from premium payments, and a Separate Account, an investment account whose value varies depending on the performance of the investments selected. The Separate Account is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a unit investment trust under the Investment Company Act of 1940, 15 U.S.C. §§ 80a-1 to -64. The cost-of-insurance charges that Bezich is challenging are deducted from the two accounts in proportion to the amount of money allocated to each. A participant is not required to invest in both the Separate Account and the General Account; indeed, it is possible under the policy to place 100% of one's funds in the General Account (though this would be an odd choice for someone who wanted a variable life policy to begin with), 100% in the Separate Account, or to split up the funds as desired. Bezich put all of his money in the Separate Account.Lincoln urges us to accept this appeal because, it says, no court of appeals has ever considered the application of CAFA to this type of variable life insurance policy. Before we may consider the importance of the question, however, we must decide whether the appeal falls within our jurisdiction. The statute providing for appellate review of district court decisions remanding to state court actions that have been removed under CAFA is 28 U.S.C. § 1453(c), (d); as it happens, the language that it uses is identical to that governing the district court's remand decision in the first instance. Our discussion will thus necessarily touch on the merits of Lincoln's arguments. See Estate of Pew v. Cardarelli, 527 F.3d 25, 31 (2d Cir.2008) (explaining that “both original and appellate jurisdiction depend on whether plaintiffs' allegations fall within CAFA's exception for claims that relate to rights, duties and obligations related to or created by or pursuant to a security”).The central question is whether the variable life policy is a “security” as defined by section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. § 77b(a)(1). That definition is broad:The term “security” means any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security, certificate of deposit, or group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a “security”, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing.Id. In its petition Lincoln contends that the district court erred in concluding that the policy is a “security” under the statute. It points to decisions by this court and others that have noted, in other contexts, the hybrid nature of variable life insurance policies. For example, in Roth v. American Family Mutual Ins. Co., 567 F.3d 884, 886 (7th Cir.2009), we explained that variable life insurance policies “are both securities and insurance contracts.” The question in Roth, however, was whether an insurance company was entitled to terminate the contracts of two of its agents. Had the agents been acting as sellers of securities, their conduct would have been governed by an entirely different agency agreement; we found, however, that they were performing insurance services.Lincoln wants to generalize Roth's willingness to separate the two aspects of the variable policy into its component parts. It relies on SEC v. United Benefit Life Ins. Co., 387 U.S. 202 (1967), in which the Supreme Court rejected the D.C. Circuit's conclusion that a deferred annuity plan, part of which constituted a “security” under the Securities Act of 1933 and part of which involved conventional insurance provisions, had to be characterized in its entirety for purposes of analyzing whether it needed to be registered with the SEC. The Court concluded that because the plan included “[t]wo entirely distinct promises ․ and their operation is separated at a fixed point in time,” the proper method was to divide the annuity plan into its component parts and examine the risk allocation in each part. Id. at 207-09.We find Lincoln's reliance on United Benefit mistaken, for several reasons. First, it is too far removed from the CAFA definition we have set out above. For CAFA purposes, we are specifically told to look to the definition of a “security” in § 2(a)(1), and from that definition we see that a “security” includes an interest in something that gives the holder the right to purchase a security. Every holder of Lincoln's variable life policies enjoys such a right. As the company emphasizes, someone who at one point has put all of his money in the General Account may shift funds to the Separate Account at will. Many-perhaps most-of the class members already have at least some of their money in the Separate Account, and Lincoln appears to concede that those people hold a “security” for CAFA (and 1933 Act) purposes.Our understanding of these financial products is consistent with that of the Eleventh Circuit, as reflected in its opinion in Herndon v. Equitable Variable Life Ins. Co., 325 F.3d 1252 (11th Cir.2003). In Herndon, the Eleventh Circuit held that a variable life insurance policy is a “covered security” under the Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1998 (SLUSA). Although several circuits had determined that variable annuities are covered securities under SLUSA, the defendant in Herndon maintained that the life insurance element of a variable life insurance policy makes that product distinct. Id. at 1254. Rejecting that argument, the court of appeals concluded that the life insurance component of the policy did not negate the fact that SLUSA's requirements had been met regarding the annuity component.  Id.We are aware that in Ring v. AXA Financial, Inc., 483 F.3d 95 (2d Cir.2007), the Second Circuit held that a children's term insurance rider attached to a variable life insurance policy was not a “covered security” under SLUSA. In its analysis the court “disaggregate[d][the] separate promises” contained in the rider and the policy to conclude that, although the rider was covered by the same contract as the policy, which was a covered security, the rider itself was not such a security. Id. at 100-01. The defendants argued that Herndon counseled the opposite conclusion, but the Second Circuit explained that Herndon involved a single product-a variable life insurance policy-not “two separate products that are the subject of two separate promises.” Id. at 101 n. 4.The present case is more like Herndon. The claims of the members of the class Bezich wants to represent concern a single promise-that the cost-of-insurance charge would be determined in part by expected mortality-and that promise applies to both the funds they have presently placed in the Separate Account and those that they have the right to move to the Separate Account. The policy's provision that the charge is taken from both the General Account and the Separate Account in proportion to the premiums allocated to each does not alter this. Accordingly, the district court correctly concluded that the Lincoln policy as a whole is a “security” for CAFA purposes and cannot be viewed as two separate contracts, one within the statute and the other outside its coverage.Lincoln finally argues that the exception to CAFA's jurisdiction found in § 1332(d)(9)(C) (and hence the exception to our appellate jurisdiction) does not apply because Bezich's claim does not “solely ” involve the rights, duties, and obligations related to a security, as required by the statute. If, as we have found, the variable life policies as a whole meet the definition of a “security,” then this argument cannot succeed. In addition, the district court was persuaded by the argument that the cost-of-insurance charges here are analogous to the interest-rate claim that the Second Circuit addressed in Estate of Pew, 527 F.3d at 31-32. That court noted that the certificates at issue in the case before it created rights in the holders to a certain rate of interest and to principal repayment at certain dates. Had the suit challenged the interest rate, then it would have “related” to those rights, and the CAFA exception would have applied. Id. Instead, however, the plaintiff was complaining about a species of fraud, based on the failure of officers of the issuer to disclose that the issuer was insolvent at the time it was marketing the certificates. Id. The latter claim, the court held, was not one “grounded in the terms of the security itself,” id. at 32, and thus was not subject to § 1332(d)(9)(C) and § 1453(d)(3).We conclude that Bezich's claim “relates to the rights, duties, ․ and obligations relating to or created by or pursuant to ․ [a] security,” as defined in the 1933 Act, and thus we have no jurisdiction to entertain its petition for review of the district court's order remanding the case to state court.Dismissed for Want of Jurisdiction.WOOD, Circuit Judge.



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Tue Jul 25 17:34:49 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























US Court Cases: Find US Opinions at FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States



Browse United States Courts

District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Judicial Conference of the United States Committee on Judicial Conduct and Disability.
Judicial Council of the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Eighth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Ninth Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Second Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Seventh Circuit.
Judicial Council of the Tenth Circuit.
United States Bankruptcy Appellate Panel
United States DC Circuit
United States Eighth Circuit
United States Eleventh Circuit
United States Federal Circuit
United States Fifth Circuit
United States First Circuit
United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
United States Fourth Circuit
United States Judicial Conference Committee
United States Ninth Circuit
United States Second Circuit
United States Seventh Circuit
United States Sixth Circuit
United States Supreme Court
United States Tenth Circuit
United States Third Circuit


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Tue Jul 25 17:34:49 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.























US 7th Circuit Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
United States
US 7th Cir.


United States Seventh Circuit Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of United States Seventh Circuit decisions since January 1995.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING US 7th Circuit




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING US 7th Circuit




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING US 7th Circuit




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. CRANE MARKS
July 24, 2017
No. 15-2862

CHARLES MURPHY v. ROBERT SMITH AND GREGORY FULK
July 24, 2017
No. 15-3384

JIMMY DAVIS v. JAMES CROSS JR
July 24, 2017
No. 15-3681

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. MURTAZA ALI
July 21, 2017
No. 16-4218

MELISSA VANPROOYEN v. NANCY BERRYHILL
July 21, 2017
No. 16-3653



View more decisions »





Browse United States Seventh Circuit Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Tue Jul 25 17:34:50 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.

















Annuity resources | Lincoln Financial Group



























 



Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant
























                          Annuity resources
                       









			
			
							
					FAQs
				

			
							
					Contact us
				

			
							
					Find a form
				

			
							
					Start a claim
				








How can I view my Lincoln accounts?
        

You can manage your Lincoln policies by registering on LincolnFinancial.com. With one single secure login, you'll have 24/7 access to your policy's current information. Learn more about the account management tools and resources available through LincolnFinancial.com by reading, 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					"Accessing and managing your account."
					
							

			
		
	
 




Where can I find additional annuity information?
        

Lincoln offers a variety of annuity products to meet customer needs. Available information includes fund performance, unit values, prospectus, product overviews and key features. Some information may be applicable only to certain products. Visit our annuity page for assistance.


					Log in
					
							

			
		
	
 to your account for more information.




What is the contract value of my annuity?
        

You can see the value of your annuity by logging in to access your account information. The value is also available through our automated inquiry system, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Or, you may contact Customer Service during normal business hours. Phone numbers are listed in the "Contact us" tab on this page.




How much can I withdraw from my annuity? 
        

For information regarding withdrawals from your Annuity, see the "Contact us" tab on this page.




Who are my beneficiaries?
        

You can 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					log in
					
							

			
		
	
 or register for online account access to view your beneficiary selections, in the Contact Information section of the Account Details. 




How can I change my beneficiary? 
        

You may change your beneficiary or add additional beneficiaries using our 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 Change of Beneficiary
				 (PDF)
			
			
		
	
 form. Once completed, you can fax or mail the Change of Beneficiary form to us. For our fax number/mailing addresses, or if you need assistance, please visit our "Contact us" tab on this page.




What is the Death Benefit/Rider Basis amount?
        

There are multiple death benefit options, but the amount of your death benefit depends on the type of annuity you’ve purchased. For specifics on your particular benefit, please 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					log in
					
							

			
		
	
 or register to view your account values or contact Lincoln for support.




Can I make a deposit to my current annuity? If so, how?
        

You can make a deposit to your Annuity account via our 







	
	
		
			
		
	
	
	
		
		
	
		
		
		
		
	
	
	
			
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
 Additional Deposit
				 (PDF)
			
			
		
	
 form. Not all products allow for additional deposits. For additional information about your product, please contact Lincoln for annuities support.




How can I transfer money into my account? 
        

For questions regarding money transfers, please see the "Contact us" tab on this page.




How do I change my name or address?
        

Start an address or name change in any of three ways:



						Log in
						
					
				
			
			
		
	
 or register for online account access to update your address.
Fax or mail our 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Contract Change Request Form (PDF) 
		

 to us, see forms tab on Annuities product resources.
Visit our contact us section for our fax number/mailing addresses.





Where can I find information about statements and forms?
        

You can find additional information on our statements and forms page.




Where can I find additional alternative minimum tax information?
        

You can find information on the alternative tax page.




Where can I find information about allocation changes on my account?
        

You may change the subaccount allocation and current allocations on your variable annuity at any time. We encourage you to talk with your Financial Advisor, who can assist you to determine your risk tolerance and provide you with available subaccount options.
You can log in or register for online account access to make subaccount allocation changes. You may also make subaccount allocation changes by contacting Customer Service or submitting your request in writing. Proper authorization forms must be on file for certain changes.
Subaccount transfers will be processed in accordance with SEC requirements. A confirmation will be mailed when the change has been processed.




Where can I find information on how to start a claim?
        

You can find information on starting a claim under the “Start a claim” tab above.




Where can I find information about the Market Value Adjustment Reference Rate?
        

For most Lincoln fixed annuities, the Market Value Adjustment (MVA) Reference Rate is the average U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity yield plus the LMVA Composite OAS Index rate. You can review the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 LMVA Composite OAS Index (PDF) 
		

Rate Chart for those rates.












	Phone support

	All times are shown in Eastern Time. Not sure which policy you have? Select the (+) symbol to expand each option below.

	Contact annuities support



American Legacy® variable annuities
        


800-942-5500





					Mon-Fri, 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.
					Fax: 260-455-9427
					Interactive voice response
					available 24 hours a day
800-672-4822


				Mailing address:
				Lincoln Financial Group
				P.O. Box 2348
				Fort Wayne, IN 46801-2348

				Overnight address:
				Lincoln Financial Group
				1300 South Clinton Street
				Fort Wayne, IN 46802-3506







Lincoln Choice PlusSM and individual variable annuities 
        


888-868-2583





					Mon-Fri, 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.
					Fax: 260-455-9427
					Interactive voice response
					available 24 hours a day
800-672-4822


				Mailing address:
				Lincoln Financial Group
				P.O. Box 2348
				Fort Wayne, IN 46801-2348

				Overnight address:
				Lincoln Financial Group
				1300 South Clinton Street
				Fort Wayne, IN 46802-3506







Fixed and indexed annuities 
        




Fixed and indexed annuities (issued 4/1/2011 or after)
888-916-4900


Fixed and indexed annuities (issued prior to 4/1/2011)
800-950-2454


SPIAs, DIAs and annuitized policies
800-487-1485 ext 8529







Mon-Fri, 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.
			Fax: 260-455-0263
			Interactive voice response
			available 24 hours a day
800-672-4822
Mailing address:
			Lincoln Financial Group
			P.O. Box 2348
			Fort Wayne, IN 46801-2348
Overnight address:
			Lincoln Financial Group
			1300 South Clinton Street
			Fort Wayne, IN 46802-3506







Multi-Fund® suite
        


800-4Lincoln
800-454-6265
	 




Mon-Fri, 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.
				Fax: 260-455-4255
Interactive voice response available 24 hours a day
800-672-4822

MAILING ADDRESS
The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Attn.: Annuity Operations
P.O. Box 2340
Fort Wayne, IN 46801-2340

OVERNIGHT ADDRESS
The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Attn: Annuity Operations
1300 South Clinton Street
Fort Wayne, IN 46802-3506















	Select your form below

	Need to make changes to your annuities policy? Below you’ll find forms to change your beneficiary, make a deposit and more.

	Don’t see what you need? Log in or register for online account access to find more about annuities forms.

Annuities forms 








 (pdf)













	Start the claims process

	Coping with the loss of a loved one is difficult enough. We make filing a claim as simple as possible.

	Call us at 800-454-6265, extension 8200 or select "start claims process" below.


	You will need:

	•  Contract owner's home address
	•  Contract number(s)
	•  Annuitant's date of death

Start claims process


	Have you already started the claims process?

	If you need guidance, review the following frequently asked questions for help.

	The following forms can help you expedite the claims process:

Annuities claims forms








 (pdf)







	Frequently asked questions

	Initiating a claim



How do I know what type of claim I have?
        

Our Claims Specialist would be happy to clarify this for you. You can call our life insurance or long-term care claims line at 800-487-1485 and select option 4.
Or you can call our annuity claims line at 800-454-6265 and select option 3. We can help determine the type of claim you have and direct you to the appropriate party from either line.




What if I can't find some of the information requested in the online claim notification?
        

We might be able to work with the information you presently have, at least to start the process. For help with life insurance or long-term care claims, call 800-487-1485 and select option 4.
For help with annuity claims, call 800-454-6265 and select option 3.




How should the Power of Attorney complete the Claimant's Statement on behalf of the beneficiary?
        


	A copy of the Power of Attorney document must be submitted and cannot be more than three years old.

	If the document is older than three years, a Power of Attorney Affidavit must be provided indicating the document hasn’t been revoked.

	The beneficiary's Social Security Number must be provided; we cannot use the Attorney-in-Fact's.




What if the insured was a resident of Ohio or Indiana?
        


	An additional approved Tax Waiver/Consent Form may be required for the following states and conditions:
	Ohio Form ET 13 (for non-spousal beneficiaries and claims for more than $25,000)

	Indiana Form IH-14 (for non-spousal beneficiaries)




What if the death of the insured occurred in a country other than the United States?
        


	A Report of Death of an American Citizen Abroad from the U.S. Embassy of the country where the death occurred is required.

	A Certified Death Certificate for the insured is required. (If it is in a foreign language we require it to be translated into English.)

	Please fill out the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Foreign Death Questionnaire (PDF) 
		

.




What if the contract is an ERISA contract?
        


	The claim form needs to be signed and approved by the Plan Administrator.




What is the SecureLine® payout account option?
        

SecureLine® is an interest-bearing account with check-writing privileges. As of November 1, 2015, the interest rate for SecureLine® accounts is 1.40%. To learn more about the benefits of a SecureLine® account, call 800-487-1485 and select option 4.






	  

	Beneficiaries

	  



I'm the beneficiary of a death claim but I'm not certain the policy is with Lincoln.
        

Our Claims Specialist will use the information you supply to check our records. For help with life insurance or long-term care claims, call 800-487-1485 and select option 4.
For help with annuity claims, call 800-454-6265 and select option 3.




What if the beneficiary is an Estate?
        



		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by the court-appointed Executor of the Estate.

		A certified copy of the Letters Testamentary must be included.

		The tax identification number (TIN) for the estate is required. (We cannot use the insured's Social Security Number.)

		If the estate qualifies, you may submit a small estate affidavit in lieu of the certified copy of the Letters Testamentary. (Check your state guidelines.)

		The Claimants Statement, the Distinctive Payee Arrangement form, and the Certification Trustee Powers form must be completed by the Trustee(s) of the trust.





What if the beneficiary is a Trust?
        



		The Claimant's Statement and the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

 must be completed by the Trustee(s) of the trust.


	The following pages of the Trust are required:


		Title page of the Trust

		Page naming the successor trustee(s)

		Signature page

		Any amendments to the Trust

		The tax identification of the Trust. (We cannot use the deceased's Social Security Number.)

		If the Trust is a Testamentary Trust we require a copy of the Probated Will and Letters Testamentary appointing the executor.





What if the beneficiary is a minor (under the age of majority)?
        


Every state has different requirements, which vary depending on the amount of the benefits payable.


		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by the legal guardian/custodian of the minor's Estate.

		A certified copy of the court appointment for the minor's estate is required.

		The minor's personal Social Security Number must be provided.





What if the beneficiary is legally incompetent?
        



		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by either the Power of Attorney (follow instructions for Power of Attorney under Frequently Asked Question #5) or the Legal Guardian/Conservator of the beneficiary.

		A certified copy of the court-approved appointment must be submitted if there is a legal guardian/conservator.

		The beneficiary's Social Security Number is required, not the personal representative's.





What if the beneficiaries name is different than the one listed on the beneficiary designation?
        


	If the beneficiaries name has changed due to marriage, divorce, etc., include a copy of the legal document (marriage certificate, divorce decree, etc.) that documents the name change.




What if the beneficiary designation reads "Children" or a similar designation?
        



		A 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

 is required.

		A separate Claimant's Statement must be completed by each child listed on the Distinctive Payee Arrangement Form.





What if the beneficiary predeceased or postdeceased the insured prior to submitting the Claimant's Statement?
        



		A copy of the Certified Death Certificate for that beneficiary is required.

		Upon notification that a beneficiary has become deceased, we will review the contract and determine to whom the benefits are payable.





What if the beneficiary is a corporation or charitable organization?
        



		A copy of the corporate resolution (or its equivalent) must be submitted indicating the representative is authorized to sign on behalf of the corporation or charitable organization.

		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by a named representative in the corporate resolution.

		The named representative must also complete and sign the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

.

		The Tax Identification Number for the corporation or charitable organization is also required. (We cannot use the representative's Social Security Number.)





What if the beneficiary is a custodian for the benefit of the insured?
        



		A copy of the corporate resolution (or its equivalent) must be submitted indicating the representative is authorized to sign on behalf of the corporation or charitable organization.

		The Claimant's Statement must be completed by a named representative in the corporate resolution.

		The named representative must also complete and sign the 


   
      
      
      
      
   
   		
   				
		
			 Distinctive Payee Arrangement form (PDF) 
		

.

		The Tax Identification Number for the corporation or charitable organization is also required. (We cannot use the representative's Social Security Number.)




























Fund Profile
Fund Performance
Unit Values













Overview (as of {{invescoOverlay.fundPortFolioDate}})


Fund Inception Date {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.fundInceptionDate}}
Fund Asset Size ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.totalFundAssets}} M
Average Market Cap ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.averageMarketCap}} M


Price/Book Ratio {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.priceBookRatio}}x
Price/Earnings Ratio {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.priceEarningsRatio}}x
Dividend Yield {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.dividendYield}}%






Export:
PDF




Top 10 Holdings
Total {{invescoOverlay.totalHolding}}%
{{listOfCompany.companyName}} {{listOfCompany.pct}}%








Risk Disclosure(s)











{{invescoOverlay.yearName}} Inception Date: {{invescoOverlay.fundInceptionDate}}





Export:
PDF
Excel



Performance %
Change from Previous Day {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.changeFrmPrevDayPerformance}}0
YTD as of {{invescoOverlay.fundPerformanceData.fullperfData.productPerformance.lastDailyPerfDate}} {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueYtd1}}0
YTD as of {{invescoOverlay.fundPerformanceData.fullperfData.productPerformance.monthlyPerformanceYtd2Date}} {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueYtd2}}0
1 Month {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueOneMonth}}0
3 Month {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueThreeMonth}}0
1 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueOneYear}}0
3 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueThreeYear}}0
5 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueFiveYear}}0
10 Year {{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueTenYear}}
0

Since Inception{{invescoOverlay.performanceData.perfValueSinceInception}}
0









Risk Disclosure(s)











Fund Inception Date {{invescoOverlay.funDetail.uvInceptionDate}}
Year End 12/31/2014 unit value ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.unitValueLastYear}}
Daily as of 02/26/2015 unit value ${{invescoOverlay.funDetail.unitValueYesterday}}





Export:
PDF
Excel









Risk Disclosure(s)
























Compare Investment Options





View












Export:
PDF
Print












						LCN 1664579-121516
					













Who Is Dennis R Glass - Dennis R Glass Net Worth













































 
 































Top 100

Top List
Top 10 richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teen Celebrities
Top 10 Richest Women


Athletes

Baseball
Boxers
Footballers
NBA
NFL
Soccer
Tennis
wrestlers
MMA
Race Car
Coaches


Businessmen

Billionaires
CEOs
Executives
Criminals
Designers
Wall Street
Producers
Lawyers
Companies


Celebrities

Actors
Authors
Producers
Comedians
Directors
Models
Rappers
Rock Stars
Politicians

Democrats
Presidents
Republicans
Royals
Sheiks


Singers


News

Celebrities Real Estate


Galleries
 











 












"Who is Dennis R Glass"











 

Birth Date: 1949
Nationality: United States U.S.
Occupation: President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation
Education: UW–Milwaukee, BA, MBA
Spouse: Deborah / children




Who Is Dennis R Glass
· In Businessmen 



Read more...







 Dennis R GlassDennis R Glass Net Worth is 13.2 $Million. Dennis R. Glass (born 1949) is the President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation. He also served as the chairman of the board of the American Council of. Dennis R. Glass (born 1949) is the President and CEO of Lincoln National Corpor...
Dennis R Glass Net Worth is 13.2 $Million. Dennis R Glass Net Worth is 13.2 $Million. Dennis R. Glass  is the President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation. He also served as the chairman of the board of the American Council of Dennis R. Glass  is the President and CEO of Lincoln National Corporation. He also served as the chairman of the board of the American Council of Life Insurers.Glass was formerly the President and CEO of Jefferson Pilot Corporation, which merged with Lincoln Financial Group in 2006. Before joining Jefferson Pilot Corporation in 1993, he held executive-level finance and investment positions with Protective Life and Northwestern Mutual. He became the president and chief operating officer of Lincoln Financial Group in April 2006 and was appointed as Lincoln Financial's CEO in 2007.Glass is a graduate of the University of Wisconsina??Milwaukee, where he obtained his B.A. and MBA degrees in business administration in 1971 and 1973....Read more about Who is Dennis R GlassDennis R Glass Latest News




Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE:LNC) Closed 5.8% Above Its 50 Day Average
There has been some selling insider activity on Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE:LNC) recently. President & CEO Dennis R. Glass sold 47,995 shares at an average price of $72.37 on Wed the 1st. That brings the President & CEO’s holdings to $53,687,983 ...
Posted: July 12, 2017, 5:51 am




Lincoln National (LNC) Dennis R. Glass on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ryan Krueger - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Good morning, and thank you for joining Lincoln Financial Group's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines ...
Posted: May 5, 2016, 3:00 am




Lincoln Financial Group Joins Leading U.S. Companies in Making Unprecedented Commitment to Advance Diversity and Inclusion in the Workplace
Specifically, president and CEO Dennis R. Glass was among 175 chief executives to sign the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to diversity and inclusion. Together, the signatories pledged to take further ...
Posted: June 29, 2017, 7:30 am




Lincoln National Corp. Wt
12/18/2012 1,355 Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $26.17 per share. 35,461
Posted: July 5, 2017, 7:54 pm




Dennis R. Glass
Mr. Dennis R. Glass serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company. Mr. Glass serves as an Executive Officer of Lincoln Life Separate Account Blm, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Co. He serves as the ...
Posted: July 18, 2017, 7:34 am



Related Topics: Dennis R Glass, Dennis R Glass Age, Dennis R Glass Bio, Dennis R Glass Compensation, Dennis R Glass Country, Dennis R Glass Date Of Birth, Dennis R Glass Earnings, Dennis R Glass Email, Dennis R Glass Ethnicity, Dennis R Glass Gossips, Dennis R Glass Height, Dennis R Glass History, Dennis R Glass Home Town, Dennis R Glass Images, Dennis R Glass Income, Dennis R Glass Job, Dennis R Glass Lincoln, Dennis R Glass Lincoln Financial Group, Dennis R Glass Nationality, Dennis R Glass Net Worth, Dennis R Glass Networth, Dennis R Glass News, Dennis R Glass Partner, Dennis R Glass Place Of Birth, Dennis R Glass Rumors, Dennis R Glass Salary, Dennis R Glass Secrets, Dennis R Glass Videos, Dennis R Glass Weight, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Earnings, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Income, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Net Worth, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Salary, How Much Is Dennis R Glass Worth, Who Is Dennis R Glass, 






















 












 
Top 10 Richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teens
Top 10 Richest Women
THE RICHESTS








 
















 

FeaturedTori Spelling Net WorthBradley Cooper Net WorthBettie Page Net WorthAmanda Marcum Enfield Net WorthAdele Net WorthMichael Phelps Net WorthAnaleigh Tipton Net WorthDina Eastwood Net WorthCristiano Ronaldo Net WorthPopular Posts


 






 




 











 
 
 








					Get Net Worth				



About us
Latest Posts
Top Players
Content Feedback Form
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us


© 2013 GetNetWorth.com
Email: info@getnetworth.com
Articles by Erica David
GetNetWorth Facebook Page 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 














Life insurance… simplified
Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			


































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.








By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.




A 55-year-old female can get $5,000 in guaranteed coverage for $20.93 per month.





Help your loved ones during a difficult time with guaranteed life insurance coverage from American General Life Insurance Company.
No medical exams or health questions are required. If you are between the ages of 50 and 85, your acceptance is 100% guaranteed. It’s really that simple.
Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance can help your family members pay for unforeseen costs such as:

Funeral and burial expenses
Unpaid medical bills
Co-signed credit card debt
Other financial burdens

Call 1-888-243-0618 or click here to request a FREE, no-obligation quote >






Your Policy Benefits 





Guaranteed Acceptance
Your acceptance is guaranteed if you are between the ages of 50 and 85.





No Medical Exams
You do not have to submit to a medical exam or answer any health questions to apply.





Premiums Do Not Increase
Your policy premium will never increase as long as it is paid on time.


 




Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR


































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance? – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance?
Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance is a simple and permanent life insurance option. You can get up to $25,000 in coverage that can help your family members pay for unforeseen cost such as funeral and burial expenses, unpaid medical bills, co-signed credit card debt, and other financial burdens.
No medical exams or health questions are required to apply. If you are between the ages of 50 and 85, your acceptance is 100% guaranteed.
Coverage is affordable for most. A 55-year-old female can get $5,000 in guaranteed coverage for $20.93 per month.

 Premiums do not increase.
 Coverage does not decrease.
 Guaranteed acceptance.

Added protections: Two living benefits are included with your policy at no additional cost.

 Chronic Illness Benefit – If you cannot perform certain activities of daily living or if you are diagnosed with a severe cognitive impairment, American General Life Insurance Company will return all of your premiums paid up to 50% of the policies ultimate face amount less any policy loan balance and an administrative fee.
 Terminal Illness Benefit – If you are diagnosed with a terminal illness, American General Life Insurance Company will provide 50% of your death benefit amount while you are alive less any policy loan balance and an administrative fee.

Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance includes a graded death benefit for the first two years. If death occurs during the first two policy years and is not accidental, American General Life Insurance Company will pay 110% of all premiums paid to date. If an accidental death occurs at any time, the full death benefit will be paid.
This policy has exclusions, limitations, and a reduction of life insurance benefits in the first two policy years. For costs and complete details of the coverage call or write your insurance agent or the company.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.








Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















Common Questions – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













Common Questions
 What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance? > 
 How much coverage is available? >
 What living benefits are included? > 
 Do I qualify for a policy? > 
 How can my loved ones use the policy? > 
 Will my coverage amount decrease in the future? > 
 Will my premiums increase in the future? > 
 How do I apply? >
What is Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance?
Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance is a permanent life insurance policy that can help your family members pay for unforeseen costs such as funeral and burial expenses, unpaid medical bills, co-signed credit card debt, and other financial burdens.
How much coverage is available?
Coverage amounts ranging from $5,000 up to $25,000 are available. The maximum amount of Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance coverage in all policies that an individual can have from American General Life is $25,000.
What living benefits are included?
American General Life provides two different living benefits with this policy: a Chronic Illness Benefit and a Terminal Illness Benefit.The Chronic Illness Benefit outlines that if you cannot perform certain activities of daily living or if you are diagnosed with a severe cognitive impairment, American General Life Insurance Company will return all of your premiums paid up to 50% of the policies ultimate face amount less any policy loan balance and an administrative fee. The Terminal Illness Benefit outlines that if you are diagnosed with a terminal illness, American General Life Insurance Company will provide 50% of your death benefit amount while you are alive less any policy loan balance and and administrative fee. Both living benefits are provided at no additional cost.
Do I qualify for a policy?
If you are between the ages of 50 and 85, your acceptance is guaranteed. You do not have to submit to a medical exam or answer any health questions. You cannot be denied coverage for health reasons.
How can my loved ones use the policy?
Your loved ones can use the policy’s coverage amount any way they deem necessary. Many policy beneficiaries use the benefit amount to help pay for unforeseen costs such as funeral and burial expenses, unpaid medical bills, co-signed credit card debt, and other financials burdens.
Will my coverage amount decrease in the future?
Your coverage amount will never decrease in the future as long as premiums are paid on time.
Will my premiums increase in the future?
Your premiums will never increase in the future as long as premiums are paid on time.
How do I apply?
You can start the application process by entering your zip code at the top of this page or by calling a licensed insurance agent directly at 1-888-243-0618.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.








Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















About Us – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













About Us
For nearly 100 years, American International Group (AIG) companies have been committed to insuring you and your family’s safety. American International Group companies help protect you from unseen risk – all so you can focus on creating your own future.
American International Group companies empower nearly 90 million people in more than 100 countries across the globe.
One way American General Life Insurance Company, an AIG member company, can help ensure your family’s financial safety is with Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance coverage. A policy provides up to $25,000 in permanent life insurance coverage that can help your loved ones overcome a difficult financial time if you passed away.
Find out how life insurance can help protect your family by calling our experienced licensed insurance agents at 1-888-243-0618.





					Get a FREE No-Obligation Quote
			































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.








Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote 


				Get permanent life insurance coverage with no medical exams or health questions.
			


					Speak with a licensed agent
				
CALL 1-888-243-0618


OR































				GET MY QUOTE				




 










Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				



















Get Your Free Quote! – AIG Life Insurance








 











 

                    Apply Today
                

Call 1-888-243-0618  
















            	APPLY TODAY CALL FREE
            	



                    Apply today
                

                    Call 1-888-243-0618 













Request Your FREE No-Obligation Quote
for Guaranteed Issue Whole Life Insurance


































First Name






Last Name









ZIP Code








Date of Birth


MM
010203040506070809101112 



DD
01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 



YYYY
1967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519441943194219411940193919381937193619351934193319321931 









Gender


Male 

 Female 







Policy Amount


Select Amount
$5,000 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $25,000










Phone Number






Email Address









					CONTINUE					









×
We're sorry


You must be over 18 and under 89 years of age.






 
By pressing “Continue” above, I consent to receive phone calls from a licensed insurance agent from TZ Insurance Solutions, LLC, on behalf of American General Life Insurance Company, regarding their products and services, at the phone number provided above, including my wireless number, if provided. I understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology. I understand that I am not required to provide this consent to make a purchase.












Close





Legal

					Graded death benefit: Pays 110% of premiums paid during the first two years. Pays full face amount for accidental death and full face amount in the third year and beyond. All rates include a $24 annual policy fee. Insured must be the owner, one policy per owner/insured in a 12-month period; $25K coverage limit; no replacement or conversion into this product allowed; payer can be different from insured; Social Security number will be required as part of the application process. No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or contributed to by: disease or infirmity of mind or body, or medical or surgical treatment for such disease or infirmity; an infection not occurring as a direct result or consequence of an accidental bodily injury; any attempt at suicide, or intentional self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane; travel in an aircraft or device used for testing or experimental purposes, used by or for military authority or used for travel beyond the earth’s atmosphere; active participation in a riot or insurrection; committing or attempting to commit a felony; intoxication as defined by the jurisdiction where the accidental injury occurred; riding or driving an air, land or water vehicle in a race, speed or endurance contest; rock or mountain climbing; bungee jumping; or aeronautics (hang-gliding, skydiving, parachuting, ultralight, soaring, ballooning and parasailing). No benefit for accidental death is payable if the Insured’s death is caused or materially contributed to by: voluntary intake or use by any means of (a) any drug, unless prescribed or administered by a physician and taken in accordance with the physician’s instructions, or (b) poison, gas or fumes, unless a direct result of an occupational accident; or participation in an illegal occupation or activity; or if death occurs while the Insured is incarcerated.
				













lincoln life account - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Official Lincoln - Service & Repair Experts



Ad
 ·
lincolnservicespecials.com



Find Local Lincoln Dealers For Vehicle Repair Coupons & Hours Today!





Brake Specials



Battery Specials




Tire Specials



Oil Change Specials





Cincinnati Insurance Co - Taking Care of Business.



Ad
 ·
CinFin.com/​BusinessInsurance



Taking Care of Business. Find an Agency for Life Insurance Today.





Find An Agency



About Us



Contact Us




Quotes



Product Availability



Business Insurance Basics





Lincoln life insurance - We have it on Search.com | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Lincoln Life Insurance/​Search no more



Lincoln life insurance Results for your search. See yourself.





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Searches related tolincoln life account



lincoln life retirement accounts



lincoln account manager




Web Results

Lincoln Financial - Official Site

https://www.lfg.com


Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge ... I have a Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance ...



Annuities



Life Insurance



Registration



Enjoy Your Retirement



Lincoln Retirement Internet Service Center Account

https://lincolnlife.iscaccount.com/servlet/LoginServlet?Action=Display


Resources for financial professionals will be found on the Lincoln Solutions ... access to the Lincoln Solutions Center for relevant information on Lincoln Life, ...


Site Maintenance

https://hub2.lfg.com


Maintenance. The Lincoln Financial website will be adding new features on July 1, between 1 a.m. and 7:30 a.m. ET. We’re making these enhancements to improve your ...


Annuities - Lincoln Financial Group

https://www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/...


Learn how annuities from Lincoln Financial can help protect retirement income. Close. I have a Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, ...


lincoln4benefits.com - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lincoln4benefits.com


If you are a broker and wish to have access to employer accounts, ... Register for Individual Universal Life web ... Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for ...


Lincoln Benefit Life Insurance Company - Term Life America

www.termlifeamerica.com/lincolnbenefitcompany


Lincoln Benefit Life has been a part of Allstate Life Insurance Company since 1984 just sold to Resolution Life


Lincoln Financial Group WebAccess

https://webaccess.lfg.com/servlet/retirementaccess


Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation and its ... Welcome to the Lincoln WebAccess System. Enter Username & Password.


Login to your Lincoln Owner Account | Official Lincoln ...

https://owner.lincoln.com/tools/account/sign-in.html


Sign into your Lincoln Owner Account to get special offers, make payments, save money, view owner manuals, and access your SYNC services.


Lincoln Financial Group - Login Page

https://www.lincoln4benefits.com/websecure/Logon.asp


Register for Individual Universal Life web access: ... Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corp. and its affiliates.


Welcome to Lincoln Benefit Life - Lincoln Benefit Life

lbl.com


Welcome to Lincoln Benefit Life . Since 1938, Lincoln Benefit Life has been a strong leader in the life insurance and annuities financial industry.










Official Lincoln - Service & Repair Experts



Ad
 ·
lincolnservicespecials.com



Find Local Lincoln Dealers For Vehicle Repair Coupons & Hours Today!





Brake Specials



Battery Specials




Tire Specials



Oil Change Specials





Cincinnati Insurance Co - Taking Care of Business.



Ad
 ·
CinFin.com/​BusinessInsurance



Taking Care of Business. Find an Agency for Life Insurance Today.





Find An Agency



About Us



Contact Us




Quotes



Product Availability



Business Insurance Basics





Lincoln life insurance - We have it on Search.com | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Lincoln Life Insurance/​Search no more



Lincoln life insurance Results for your search. See yourself.





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tolincoln life account



lincoln life retirement accounts



lincoln account manager




12345Next






Answers







Early life and career of Abraham Lincoln



the aggregate of which may have been less than twelve months. However, Lincoln continued to learn on his own from life experiences and through reading...

more






Abraham Lincoln: A History



Abraham A History is an 1890 ten-volume account of the life and times of Abraham Lincoln, written by John Nicolay and John Hay, who were his personal...

more






Samuel Lincoln



1637, Lincoln left England for the New World with Lawes' family, embarking on a ship named John & Dorothy. Although most accounts indicate that he was...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Lincoln National life






Web Results



Lincoln National Corporation - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_National_Corporation
Lincoln National Corporation is a Fortune 250 American holding company, which 
operates ... the Lincoln Financial Group name for marketing. Lincoln National Life
, the largest subsidiary, and the Lincoln Museum remained in Fort Wayne.



Lincoln Financial Group: Individuals & Families

www.lfg.com
Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower 
Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. ... 
including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, and in 
New ...



Life insurance - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/contactformsclaims/lifeinsurance
Life insurance resources ... the 
Beneficiary Change for Life Policy (PDF) 
form.




More Results »



What is the solvency ratio for Lincoln National life?





Prudential Financial Enjoys Strong Solvency Ratios - Market Realist

marketrealist.com/2015/03/prudential-financial-enjoys-strong-solvency-ratios
Mar 24, 2015 ... In the US, Prudential Insurance's solvency ratio was well above the target ratio ... 
Aflac (AFL), Lincoln National Corp (LNC), and those in the Financial Select ... 
Other key life insurance players in the market, like MetLife (MET), ...



form 10-k lincoln national corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/Q4%20earnings%2010k.pdf
Mar 20, 2017 ... Realized Gain (Loss) and Benefit Ratio Unlocking. 70 ... Liquidity and Capital 
Resources ... Lincoln National Corporation (“LNC,” which also may be referred to 
as ... payout alternatives to help provide an income flow for life.



Lincoln National Corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/ar10k13.pdf
Mar 27, 2014 ... It is a message that comes to life through customer-facing employees ... to apply 
credible weight to consumer value as well as solvency. ... Changes in reserves 
resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders;.




More Results »



Is Lincoln National life a good Co. for an annuity?





Annuities - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities
Learn how annuities from Lincoln Financial can help protect retirement income. ... 
A good retirement income plan should generate two to three decades of ... 
company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort
 ...



Fixed Annuities | Products | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/fixedannuities
Find the right fixed annuity to meet your retirement goals. Explore Lincoln 
Financial's indexed, fixed index, and fixed annuity options today.



Types of Annuities | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/whattypeisrightforme
Learn about the different types of annuities you may want to consider as part of 
your ... A variable annuity is a flexible income solution designed for retirement 
that ... company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance 
Company, Fort ... For the best viewing experience, please upgrade your browser 
to the latest ...




More Results »



Lincoln National life







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Lincoln National Life Insurance Company




Lincoln Financial Group




                                American General Life Insurance




                                Hartford Insurance




                                New York Life Insurance Company




                                Metropolitan Life




                                ING



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Lincoln National life






Web Results



Lincoln National Corporation - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_National_Corporation
Lincoln National Corporation is a Fortune 250 American holding company, which 
operates ... the Lincoln Financial Group name for marketing. Lincoln National Life
, the largest subsidiary, and the Lincoln Museum remained in Fort Wayne.



Lincoln Financial Group: Individuals & Families

www.lfg.com
Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower 
Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. ... 
including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, and in 
New ...



Life insurance - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/contactformsclaims/lifeinsurance
Life insurance resources ... the 
Beneficiary Change for Life Policy (PDF) 
form.




More Results »



What is the solvency ratio for Lincoln National life?





Prudential Financial Enjoys Strong Solvency Ratios - Market Realist

marketrealist.com/2015/03/prudential-financial-enjoys-strong-solvency-ratios
Mar 24, 2015 ... In the US, Prudential Insurance's solvency ratio was well above the target ratio ... 
Aflac (AFL), Lincoln National Corp (LNC), and those in the Financial Select ... 
Other key life insurance players in the market, like MetLife (MET), ...



form 10-k lincoln national corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/Q4%20earnings%2010k.pdf
Mar 20, 2017 ... Realized Gain (Loss) and Benefit Ratio Unlocking. 70 ... Liquidity and Capital 
Resources ... Lincoln National Corporation (“LNC,” which also may be referred to 
as ... payout alternatives to help provide an income flow for life.



Lincoln National Corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/ar10k13.pdf
Mar 27, 2014 ... It is a message that comes to life through customer-facing employees ... to apply 
credible weight to consumer value as well as solvency. ... Changes in reserves 
resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders;.




More Results »



Is Lincoln National life a good Co. for an annuity?





Annuities - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities
Learn how annuities from Lincoln Financial can help protect retirement income. ... 
A good retirement income plan should generate two to three decades of ... 
company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort
 ...



Fixed Annuities | Products | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/fixedannuities
Find the right fixed annuity to meet your retirement goals. Explore Lincoln 
Financial's indexed, fixed index, and fixed annuity options today.



Types of Annuities | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/whattypeisrightforme
Learn about the different types of annuities you may want to consider as part of 
your ... A variable annuity is a flexible income solution designed for retirement 
that ... company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance 
Company, Fort ... For the best viewing experience, please upgrade your browser 
to the latest ...




More Results »



Lincoln National life







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Lincoln National Life Insurance Company




Lincoln Financial Group




                                American General Life Insurance




                                Hartford Insurance




                                New York Life Insurance Company




                                Metropolitan Life




                                ING



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Lincoln National life






Web Results



Lincoln National Corporation - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_National_Corporation
Lincoln National Corporation is a Fortune 250 American holding company, which 
operates ... the Lincoln Financial Group name for marketing. Lincoln National Life
, the largest subsidiary, and the Lincoln Museum remained in Fort Wayne.



Lincoln Financial Group: Individuals & Families

www.lfg.com
Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower 
Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. ... 
including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, and in 
New ...



Life insurance - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/contactformsclaims/lifeinsurance
Life insurance resources ... the 
Beneficiary Change for Life Policy (PDF) 
form.




More Results »



What is the solvency ratio for Lincoln National life?





Prudential Financial Enjoys Strong Solvency Ratios - Market Realist

marketrealist.com/2015/03/prudential-financial-enjoys-strong-solvency-ratios
Mar 24, 2015 ... In the US, Prudential Insurance's solvency ratio was well above the target ratio ... 
Aflac (AFL), Lincoln National Corp (LNC), and those in the Financial Select ... 
Other key life insurance players in the market, like MetLife (MET), ...



form 10-k lincoln national corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/Q4%20earnings%2010k.pdf
Mar 20, 2017 ... Realized Gain (Loss) and Benefit Ratio Unlocking. 70 ... Liquidity and Capital 
Resources ... Lincoln National Corporation (“LNC,” which also may be referred to 
as ... payout alternatives to help provide an income flow for life.



Lincoln National Corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/ar10k13.pdf
Mar 27, 2014 ... It is a message that comes to life through customer-facing employees ... to apply 
credible weight to consumer value as well as solvency. ... Changes in reserves 
resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders;.




More Results »



Is Lincoln National life a good Co. for an annuity?





Annuities - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities
Learn how annuities from Lincoln Financial can help protect retirement income. ... 
A good retirement income plan should generate two to three decades of ... 
company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort
 ...



Fixed Annuities | Products | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/fixedannuities
Find the right fixed annuity to meet your retirement goals. Explore Lincoln 
Financial's indexed, fixed index, and fixed annuity options today.



Types of Annuities | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/whattypeisrightforme
Learn about the different types of annuities you may want to consider as part of 
your ... A variable annuity is a flexible income solution designed for retirement 
that ... company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance 
Company, Fort ... For the best viewing experience, please upgrade your browser 
to the latest ...




More Results »



Lincoln National life







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Lincoln National Life Insurance Company




Lincoln Financial Group




                                American General Life Insurance




                                Hartford Insurance




                                New York Life Insurance Company




                                Metropolitan Life




                                ING



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Lincoln National life






Web Results



Lincoln National Corporation - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_National_Corporation
Lincoln National Corporation is a Fortune 250 American holding company, which 
operates ... the Lincoln Financial Group name for marketing. Lincoln National Life
, the largest subsidiary, and the Lincoln Museum remained in Fort Wayne.



Lincoln Financial Group: Individuals & Families

www.lfg.com
Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower 
Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. ... 
including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort Wayne, IN, and in 
New ...



Life insurance - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/contactformsclaims/lifeinsurance
Life insurance resources ... the 
Beneficiary Change for Life Policy (PDF) 
form.




More Results »



What is the solvency ratio for Lincoln National life?





Prudential Financial Enjoys Strong Solvency Ratios - Market Realist

marketrealist.com/2015/03/prudential-financial-enjoys-strong-solvency-ratios
Mar 24, 2015 ... In the US, Prudential Insurance's solvency ratio was well above the target ratio ... 
Aflac (AFL), Lincoln National Corp (LNC), and those in the Financial Select ... 
Other key life insurance players in the market, like MetLife (MET), ...



form 10-k lincoln national corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/Q4%20earnings%2010k.pdf
Mar 20, 2017 ... Realized Gain (Loss) and Benefit Ratio Unlocking. 70 ... Liquidity and Capital 
Resources ... Lincoln National Corporation (“LNC,” which also may be referred to 
as ... payout alternatives to help provide an income flow for life.



Lincoln National Corporation - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/wcs-static/pdf/ar10k13.pdf
Mar 27, 2014 ... It is a message that comes to life through customer-facing employees ... to apply 
credible weight to consumer value as well as solvency. ... Changes in reserves 
resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders;.




More Results »



Is Lincoln National life a good Co. for an annuity?





Annuities - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities
Learn how annuities from Lincoln Financial can help protect retirement income. ... 
A good retirement income plan should generate two to three decades of ... 
company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Fort
 ...



Fixed Annuities | Products | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/fixedannuities
Find the right fixed annuity to meet your retirement goals. Explore Lincoln 
Financial's indexed, fixed index, and fixed annuity options today.



Types of Annuities | Lincoln Financial - Lincoln Financial Group

www.lfg.com/public/individual/exploreinsuranceannuities/annuities/whattypeisrightforme
Learn about the different types of annuities you may want to consider as part of 
your ... A variable annuity is a flexible income solution designed for retirement 
that ... company affiliates, including The Lincoln National Life Insurance 
Company, Fort ... For the best viewing experience, please upgrade your browser 
to the latest ...




More Results »



Lincoln National life







1


2


3


4


5


Next










Related Search



Lincoln National Life Insurance Company




Lincoln Financial Group




                                American General Life Insurance




                                Hartford Insurance




                                New York Life Insurance Company




                                Metropolitan Life




                                ING



















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC


















