 
































Lion Capital 2015 Fund, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF, United Kingdom | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Lion Capital 2015 Fund, L.P.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  United Kingdom






        See Lion Capital 2015 Fund, L.P.'s products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Contact information for Lion Capital 2015 Fund, L.P.


 

Address
21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF, United Kingdom

 


 




           


    







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 







Lion Capital


















Open Menu












                                Your browser does not support the video tag.
                            

WE ARELION CAPITAL
A consumer-focused investor passionate about investing in brands about which people are passionate.




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next










                                    Your browser does not support the video tag.
                                


We are dedicated to the consumer sector
“Our learning curve is significantly faster because of our prior experience.” – Javier Ferrán | Partner at Lion Capital




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next










                                    Your browser does not support the video tag.
                                


We believe in partnership not ownership
“On a weekly, on a daily basis, it feels more like a partnership. There’s a level of respect, I think that’s the key.” - William Kim | CEO Of AllSaints 




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next










                                    Your browser does not support the video tag.
                                


We Achieve Growth Through Building Strong Brands
“A lot of investors miss this. They don’t have a passion for their brands. We have a passion for what we’re investing in.” - Lyndon Lea | Partner at Lion Capital




LearnMore



Pause
Resume
Next







 
 






filters

reset


brands



Apparel & Accessories



AllSaints

American Apparel

Authentic Brands Group

Buscemi

Jimmy Choo

John Varvatos 




Food & Beverage



Ad van Geloven

Bumble Bee Foods

Findus Group

Grenade

Kettle Foods

Materne

Orangina Schweppes

Vaasan Group

Weetabix 




Personal Care



ghd

Perricone MD 




Retail



Alain Afflelou

Alex and Ani

AS Adventure Group

HEMA

Loungers

Picard

PittaRosso

Spence Diamonds

wagamama 






sources


facebook

instagram

twitter

news




popular searches


current brands

exited brands

Lion Capital News

Facebook + Food & Beverage

instagram + apparel

twitter + retail







INTRALINKS
                


Lion Capital LLP is a limited liability partnership incorporated in England (number OC308261) and its registered office is 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF. Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Use of this website is subject to the terms and conditions which are accessed by clicking below. Please read these carefully. By proceeding, you are deemed to have accepted the terms and conditions governing the use of this website.

WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT
INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

© Copyright 2014, LION CAPITAL LLP. All rights reserved.

WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT

INFORMATION RELATED TO WALKER GUIDELINES
 Lion Capital LLP embraces the spirit of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity as recommended by Sir David Walker (the “Guidelines”) and has made a commitment to conform to the recommendations and principles outlined in the Guidelines. This includes promoting conformity with the Guidelines (where relevant) on the part of those companies acquired by its Funds.
 Structure of Lion Capital LLP
 Lion Capital LLP is an English limited liability partnership authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority. It currently manages four funds structured as English limited partnerships, known as Lion Capital Fund I, Lion Capital Fund II, Lion Capital Fund III, and Lion Capital 2015 Fund (the “Funds”). 
History and Investment Approach 
  Please refer to the About and Approach sections within this website. Please also see the Brands section of this website, which contains case study examples of investments made by the Funds. Lion Capital is a long-term investor and, as such, normally holds its investments in companies over several years.
Investments in UK-based Companies 
  The Funds currently hold investments in the following companies that are headquartered or have significant operations in the United Kingdom. 
  Loungers
  Grenade
  Young’s Seafood
Leadership of Lion Capital 
  Lion Capital has an Operating Committee, chaired by Lyndon Lea as Managing Partner. The other members of the Operating Committee are Robert Darwent and Simon Brown. The Operating Committee directs the overall business of Lion Capital. In addition the Investment Committee, comprised of Lyndon Lea (Chair), Robert Darwent and Javier Ferran, makes all investment and divestment decisions in respect of the funds Lion Capital is responsible for managing and/or advising. Please refer to the About section within this website for biographical information on Lion’s senior management team.
 Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital LLP has established mechanisms for managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the course of its business undertakings (including those of the Funds). These procedures include, but are not limited to, the establishment of internal guidelines that are monitored by the firm’s Compliance Officer and external committees of third-party investors of the Funds for addressing certain potential conflicts related to investment activities.
 Responsible Communications 
  Lion Capital LLP commits, in accordance with the Guidelines, to ensuring timely and effective communication with employees, either directly or through any relevant portfolio company, in particular at the time of a strategic initiative or transaction involving a relevant portfolio company, as soon as confidentiality constraints cease to be applicable. Lion Capital LLP commits to employ industry-established guidelines in the valuation of assets acquired by the Funds.
 Lion Capital Investor Base 
  Over forty institutions have committed capital to the Lion Capital Funds, including some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world.


 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT

Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital” or the “Firm”) is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. The Firm encourages the furtherance of strong ethical and professional principles across all of its business activities, from its interactions with business owners and executives to its engagement of third-party advisors and its introduction to and ongoing partnership with institutions and individuals that commit capital to Lion Capital Sponsored Funds (“Investors”).
  Lion Capital acknowledges its obligations to its Investors and, in addition to applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern investment firms, Lion Capital has implemented this Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) to set forth certain guiding principles governing its interactions with its Investors and other related matters. 
  This Code of Conduct sets forth the expected standard of ethical and legal behaviour applicable to all Lion Capital Executives, emphasises the necessity of adherence to the highest standards of compliance and regulation and imposes requirements relating to transparency and accountability. All Lion Capital Executives are signatories to this Code of Conduct, which supplements the Firm’s Compliance Manual. Breach of this Code of Conduct is a serious matter for any such person and may lead to disciplinary action and, ultimately, termination of their employment with or membership of the Firm, as applicable. 
  Given the variety and complexity of the arrangements relating to Lion Capital, its business, investments, Investors and other stakeholders, this Code of Conduct necessarily only serves as a guide to the principles to be applied in any particular scenario. In case of any doubt, personnel should seek advice from the Firm’s Compliance Officer (Richard Lewis) or Lyndon Lea to ensure their actions comply with both the letter and spirit of this Code of Conduct.
  Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined, have the meanings given in Section 7.
 Section 1: Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital holds itself to the highest standard of conduct with respect to its interactions with Investors. In furtherance of this goal, Lion Capital prohibits activities which may contribute to or do not adequately address any conflict of interest between itself and its Investors. 
  Specifically, Lion Capital will not engage in:
  - “revolving door” employment practices with respect to former employees of its Investors, to include employing or compensating in any way any executive, employee or fiduciary of an Investor for two years after termination of such person’s relationship with the Investor;
  - the pursuit of any direct or indirect financial, commercial or business relationship with any Investor official, executive, employee or fiduciary, an employee or fiduciary of an investment adviser or consultant to an Investor, or any Relatives of such persons;
  - the extension of improper gifts to Investor officials, executives, employees or fiduciaries in breach of section 4 of this Code;
  - the misuse of confidential information supplied by Investors, but will use every effort to protect all sensitive or confidential Investor information and will use such information only for performing the services for which Lion Capital has been engaged.
  Lion Capital is mindful of conflicts that may arise between itself and its Sponsored Funds and complies with both the governing agreements of these Funds in this regard and the regulatory rules and principles applicable to the Firm and its personnel.
  All Executives are obliged to disclose to the Compliance Officer any material transaction or relationship that could give rise to a conflict of interest and may not enter into any such transaction unless and until it has been approved by the Firm. 
  Personal dealing and conflicts of interests are also specifically addressed by the Firm’s Compliance Manual.
 Section 2: Use of Third Parties to Secure Investor Commitments
  Lion Capital has used and is likely to continue to retain third parties in an advisory and/or fund-raising capacity to assist it in raising funds (“Placement Agents”). When engaging a Placement Agent, Lion Capital will enter into a written contract that specifies the scope of services to be performed and the fee arrangement. In addition, Lion Capital will only engage Placement Agents who adhere to (i) the European Private Equity and Venture Capital Association Placement Agents Supplementary Code of Conduct, dated June 2009, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “EVCA Code”) and (ii) this Code of Conduct insofar as it pertains to Placement Agents. 
  A. General Placement Agent Standards 
  Lion Capital will only retain a Placement Agent that:
  - is registered and/or authorised with, and regulated by, as applicable, appropriate regulatory bodies in each jurisdiction in which it undertakes regulated activities; 
  - possesses the licenses or certifications required by legal, governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organisations to which the Placement Agent or its representatives are subject;
  - is in the habitual, systematised business of soliciting capital commitments from prospective Investors; and
  - operates in an environment with established compliance and oversight processes.
  Furthermore, Lion Capital will only engage a Placement Agent that:
  - maintains high standards of probity, integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business;
  - performs reasonable due diligence in respect of potential Investors commensurate with the scope of its engagement;
  - does not make or offer to make any payments or provide other consideration or benefit directly or indirectly with a view to inducing a prospective Investor to enter into contractual negotiations with Sponsored Funds; and
  - employs appropriately qualified staff, authorised and supervised commensurate with the capacity in which they are employed and the jurisdictions in which they operate.
  B. Restrictions on Placement Agents with Respect to Public Pension Funds
  Lion Capital will not directly or indirectly hire, engage, utilise, retain or compensate any person or entity, including but not limited to any Placement Agent, lobbyist, Solicitor, intermediary or consultant, to directly or indirectly communicate for any purpose with any official, executive, employee or fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund in connection with any transaction or investment between Lion Capital and the Public Pension Fund where to do so would violate, or would cause Lion Capital or any of its Executives to violate, any laws, rules, regulations, policy statements or codes of conduct applicable to any such Public Pension Fund. Where appropriate this restriction shall include but shall not be limited to:
  - introducing, finding, referring, facilitating, arranging, expediting, fostering or establishing a relationship with, or obtaining access to a Public Pension Fund.
  - soliciting an investment from a Public Pension Fund; or
  - influencing or attempting to influence the outcome of any investment or other financial decision by a Public Pension Fund.
  For further clarity, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to:
  - any Executive of Lion Capital who is acting within the scope of his or her normal professional duties on behalf of Lion Capital;
  - any person or entity whose sole basis of compensation from Lion Capital is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to Lion Capital or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining of a relationship between Lion Capital and a Public Pension Fund; or
  - lobbying of a government or legislature on issues unrelated to investment or other financial decisions by Public Pension Funds or their Advisors.
 Section 3: Restrictions on Campaign Contributions and Solicitations 
  Lion Capital’s policies on campaign contributions and solicitations are designed to (i) protect the integrity of Lion Capital’s fundraising activities pertaining to its Sponsored Funds by avoiding conflicts or the appearance thereof with politically connected Investors, (ii) prevent any Lion Capital Executive from attributing their personal political activities to Lion Capital and (iii) ensure that Lion Capital complies with applicable restrictions and limits on political contributions and gifts made by employees to any officeholders, candidates for office, and political action committees throughout the world. 
  In connection with the foregoing principles, Lion Capital does not make (nor encourage any Lion Capital Executive to make) Contributions to Officials and Public Pension Fund Officials. Any Lion Capital Executive wishing to make such a contribution privately must have this pre-cleared with the Compliance Officer.
  Lion Capital Executives engaged in personal political activity (e.g., election campaign work, solicitation of contributions), that are not prohibited by this Code of Conduct, must not attribute such activity to Lion Capital. Lion Capital’s name, facilities, property and resources (including e-mails) may not be used in connection with political activities.
  Contributions to any political organisation must be disclosed to, and approved by, the Compliance Officer. 
  New Executives of Lion Capital will be required to disclose to the Compliance Officer all Contributions to any political organisation made by such Executive within two years prior to joining Lion Capital or such longer period of time as may be determined by the Compliance Officer.
 Section 4: Gifts and Business Entertainment 
  It is the general policy of Lion Capital to not provide any of its Investors or prospective Investors with Gifts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that Lion Capital may hold periodic meetings of (i) some or all of its Investors or (ii) members of its Funds’ Investor Advisory Boards (or equivalent bodies) and attendees at such meetings may receive meals, accommodation, refreshments, participation in customary business-related activities (e.g., a round of golf) and Portfolio Company or Lion Capital branded items (such items limited to a value of $100 in each case). 
  In addition to the foregoing, Lion Capital may provide Business Entertainment to certain Investors (such as individual Investors) who are not subject to the same conflicts of interest considerations as other Investors. Any such entertainment above a de minimis value must be approved by the Compliance Officer. While any Business Entertainment provided to such Investors must be in accordance with the spirit of this Code, it is recognised that such Investors are not subject to the same constraints as individuals who themselves are subject to fiduciary obligations. Nonetheless, no Gift which is (or may be construed as) not customary business practice, or the purpose of which is to gain an unfair business advantage, shall be given or received by the Firm or any Executive. 
 Section 5: Disclosures to Investors or Prospective Investors 
  Upon request by any Lion Capital Investor, Lion will disclose all relevant information related to its engagement of Placement Agents and the qualifications of its Executives engaged in the solicitation of Investor commitments. Lion Capital will also provide a prospective Investor with the same information during such prospective Investor’s due diligence process, subject to such prospective Investor agreeing to customary confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
 Section 6: Education and Training 
  All Lion Capital Executives must sign this Code of Conduct as an affirmation of their commitment to the standards and principles detailed within. Lion Capital will train all new relevant Executives on the requirements set out in the Code within a reasonable time of their joining of the Firm. On an annual basis, the Compliance Officer shall review the requirements set out within this Code with all of the Firm’s Executives and require a certification from each Executive attesting to their completion of the review.
 
 Section 7: Selected Definitions 
  “Business Entertainment” means meals, sporting, theatre, concert and other events requiring tickets, travel, accommodation, conferences and other forms of ordinary course entertainment. 
  “Compliance Officer” means the designated Compliance Officer of Lion Capital or any other member who performs the functions of a compliance officer. 
  “Contribution” means any gift, subscription, loan, advance, or deposit of money or anything of value made for: 
  (i) The purpose of influencing any election for office;
 (ii) Payment of debt incurred in connection with any such election; or
  (iii) Transition or inaugural expenses of the successful candidate for any such election.“Covered Person” means any person or entity that does business with or potentially could conduct business with or on behalf of Lion Capital and includes without limitation Lion Capital’s investors, portfolio companies, vendors, service providers, law firms, investment banks, broker dealers, accounting firms and consultants.
  “Executive” means any partner, member, employee or other officer of the Firm. 
  “Gift” means any object, services, or other item of value (including tickets to an event unless the donor and recipient both attend the event) given or received by an Executive to or from a Covered Person.
  “Government Entity” means a country or a state, or political subdivision of such country or state, including: 
  (i) Any agency, authority, or instrumentality of the country or state or a political subdivision of such;
 (ii) Plan or pools of assets controlled by the country or state or a political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof; and
  (iii) Officers, agents, or employees of the country or state or political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in their official capacity.
  “Lobbying” shall mean, for the purposes of this Code of Conduct, any attempt to directly or indirectly influence a determination by a (1) Public Pension Fund Official, (2) Official, (3) any fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund, (4) Public Pension Fund Advisor, or (5) any other person or entity working in cooperation with any of the above, related to a procurement of investment management or advisory services by a Public Pension Fund, including without limitation a determination by a Public Pension Fund to place an investment with the Firm
  “Official” means any person (including any election committee for the person) who was, at the time of a Contribution, an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate: 
  (i) For an elective office of a Government Entity, if the office is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm; or 
 (ii) For any elective office of a Government Entity, if the office has authority to appoint any person who is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm.Communication with an Official includes communications with the employees and advisors of such Official.
  “Placement Agent” means any third party intermediary that is directly or indirectly hired, engaged, utilised, retained or compensated (regardless of whether upon a fixed, contingent or any other basis) or otherwise given any other tangible or intangible item or benefit having monetary value by the Firm for facilitating the placement of an investment in a Sponsored Fund. A Placement Agent does not include a bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance unrelated to soliciting, introducing, finding, or referring clients to the Firm or attempting to influence in any way an existing or potential investment in or business relationship with the Firm.
  “Public Pension Fund” means any retirement plan established or maintained for its employees (current or former) by the government of any country or political subdivision thereof, or by any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing.
  “Public Pension Fund Advisor” means any external firm or individual engaged by a Public Pension Fund to assist in the selection of investments or investment management or advisory services for the Public Pension Fund.
  “Public Pension Fund Official” means any elected or appointed trustee or other official, staff member or employee whose official duties involve responsibility for a Public Pension Fund.
  “Relative” means a person related by blood or affinity (including a domestic partner) who resides in the same household. A person adopted into a family is considered a relative on the same basis as a natural born family member.
  “Solicitor” means any person or entity who in any way, directly or indirectly, solicits, finds, introduces or refers any client to the Firm, including without limitation any intermediary, consultant, broker, introducer, referrer, finder, public- or government-relations expert, or marketer. A Solicitor does not include any bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to the Firm or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining a relationship between the Firm and a Public Pension Fund.
  “Sponsored Fund” means an investment fund sponsored, managed or advised by the Firm or its affiliate.<



TERMS & CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to the entire contents of this website under the domain name www.lioncapital.com (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) whose registered office is at 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF (“Lion Capital”, also referred to as “our”, “we” or “us”). Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully before using this Website. By using or visiting this Website you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Website.
 1 Introduction
  1.1 These Terms and Conditions, and the additional policy referenced below, (together the “Terms”) set-out how you may make use of the Website, whether as a guest or as a user registered to access secure areas of the Website, and what personal data Lion Capital may collect about you, and how and for what purpose Lion Capital may process data about you. 
  1.2 Our additional policy includes our {Privacy Policy link} which sets-out the terms on which Lion Capital processes any personal data which we collect from you, or that you produce to us. It also sets-out information about and the terms on which cookies are used on the Website. By using the Website, you also confirm that you have accepted the terms of this policy. The definitions used in these Terms and Conditions are also used in the abovementioned policy. 
  1.3 Lion Capital may revise the Terms at any time by amending the same. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Terms, because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website.
 2 Intellectual Property Rights
  2.1 The contents of this Website are protected by international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
  2.2 The owner of these intellectual property rights is Lion Capital, its affiliates or other third parties. All such rights are reserved.
  2.3 All product and company names and logos mentioned on this Website are the trade marks, service marks or trading names of their respective owners, including us. Nothing on this Website shall be interpreted as granting any licence or right to use any image, trade mark, logo or service mark on the Website. 
  2.4 You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website only for your personal reference, and only provided that:
  • no digital or hard copy documents or graphics present on this Website are modified or copied in any way;
  • no graphics on this Website are used separately from accompanying text; and
  • the status of Lion Capital (and that of any identified contributors) as the author of any material on this Website is always acknowledged by you.
  2.5 Other than as detailed in clause 2.4 of these Terms and Conditions, any commercial use or exploitation of this Website or its content is strictly prohibited. No part of this Website may be reproduced or stored, modified, copied, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed, by any means or in any manner, or included in any other website or in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service including but not limited to text, graphics, video, messages, code and/or software without our express prior written consent.
  2.6 Copying or downloading material from this Website does not transfer title to any material on this Website to you. Anything transmitted to this Website by you becomes Lion Capital’s property and may be used by us for any lawful purpose.
  2.7 You must not use this Website or the information and graphics on the Website in any way which infringes Lion Capital’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
  2.8 If in our reasonable opinion you have breached or are breaching any of the Terms, your permission to use this Website automatically terminates, we have the right to disable your user account and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from this Website.
 3 Access
  3.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the Website is available 24 hours a day, Lion Capital shall not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time, for any period or for any reason. We reserve the right to make changes or corrections, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website, the content or services or products available through it, including your access to it.
  3.2 Lion Capital reserves the right to restrict certain areas of information accessible via the Website to our approved, registered users. If any area of the Website requires you to register with us, then we may accept or refuse your application for registration (in our absolute discretion). You agree to provide at all times truthful and accurate information in applying to register to use the Website and using any registration granted. Your registration will not be transferable and you are solely responsible for any activity which occurs on or through your user name, password or account, whether or not authorised by you and for keeping secure and confidential such details. You must not disclose your account’s user name or password (or other login details) to any third party. You must change your password immediately if you believe that your registration may have been used without your authorisation, and you must inform us of the same at info@lioncapital.com.
  3.3 We will keep your account’s user name and password confidential and it will only be used to support your relationship with Lion Capital. Lion Capital will not disclose or sell that information outside its corporate group, except in connection with the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Lion Capital’s business.
  3.4 You acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations that may affect your access to this Website. This Website is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this Website is prohibited or restricted, or which would subject Lion Capital to any regulatory or other requirements within such jurisdiction. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions or restrictions apply must not access the other pages on this Website or distribute any materials on the Website to other persons within any such restricted jurisdiction. 
  3.5 Lion Capital reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website at any time without notice.
 4 Acceptable Use
  4.1 You may not: (i) copy, reproduce, reverse engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload any information from, transmit, or in any way exploit the whole or any part of this Website; or (ii) use this Website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent; or (iii) use the whole or any part of this Website for any public or commercial purpose or in any way exploit the whole or any part of the Website without the prior written permission of Lion Capital. 
  4.2 Information posted on the Website may be accessible to third parties by means of the internet or otherwise. Please do not transmit any confidential information to or through the Website. You acknowledge that communications transmitted by means of the Website are public and not private communications. 
  4.3 You must not use the Website for any unlawful or fraudulent purposes. You must not misuse our Website by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. In particular, you must not access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Website or any part of it; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in connection with the provision of the Website; or any equipment, software or website owned or used by a third party. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack.
  4.4 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
  4.5 Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of this clause 4, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 5 Disclaimer
  5.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website is correct, Lion Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the material on this Website or that such material is up to date. Lion Capital is under no obligation to update such material. The Website may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies. Lion Capital disclaims all liability arising from your use of or reference to any third party content displayed on the Website, or the content of third party websites and resources with respect to which links are provided on the Website (“Third Party Material”).
  5.2 The material on this Website is provided “as is”, without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Lion Capital provides you with this Website on the basis that Lion Capital excludes all representations, express or implied warranties, conditions and other terms which but for these Terms and Conditions might have effect in relation to this Website.
  5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although Lion Capital will use its commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, it cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
  5.4 The content of this Website is provided for general information only. No legal, investment or tax advice is being given on this Website. Nothing on this Website should be construed as any offer or invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any investment(s) or to provide any investment services.
  5.5 Lion Capital does not warrant that the Website is secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for ensuring that you have adequate virus protection software in place. 
 6 Liability
  6.1 Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. Lion Capital and its respective partners, officers, members, employees and advisers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential loss or any other damages or loss, nor for any loss of revenue, profit, business opportunity or business interruption, data, goodwill, reputation or anticipated savings suffered by any person as a result of reliance on a statement or omission on, or the use of, this Website. You should independently verify any information before relying on it.
  6.2 Where the Website contains Third Party Material, which is provided for your information only and you use such Third Party Material at your own risk. Lion Capital has no control over the Third Party Material (including any third parties’ data protection or privacy policies), and accepts no responsibility for the Third Party Material or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of or reference to the same, whether actual or consequential. The inclusion of the Third Party Material on the Website does not constitute an endorsement of those third parties’ websites, products or services. 
  6.3 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Lion Capital’s liability for:
  • death or personal injury caused by negligence (as such term is defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); or
  • fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
  • any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, including the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
  6.4 To the extent permitted by law, Lion Capital excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website and the Website’s content whether express or implied.
 7 Confidentiality
  You agree that the data and information contained in, or accessible from, this Website have been prepared on a confidential basis solely for the benefit of selected investors. You agree to keep such information confidential (except to the extent otherwise agreed with us in writing).
 8 Trade Marks
  Lion Capital and the Lion Capital logos are registered trade marks of Lion Capital. 
 9 Breach
  Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of these Terms, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 10 Severability
  If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect in so far as possible.
 11 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
  The Terms are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms.



PRIVACY POLICY

1 Introduction
  1.1 Lion Capital takes the protection of your privacy and personal data seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit the Website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. By using the Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Website.
  1.2 Please note that the definitions used in this Privacy Policy are defined in the {Terms and Conditions link}
  1.3 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) of 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF with data controller registration number Z1932831.
  1.4 Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Lion Capital’s Compliance Office and Company Secretary, Richard Lewis.
 2 Information we may collect from you
  Lion Capital may collect and process the following data about you:
  • technical information: this will include information such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information (if appropriate), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; 
  • information about your visit: this will including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page; 
  • personal information including name and email addresses as may be provided by you by email or telephone when contacting us or creating user profiles; and
  • statistical information about your visit to the Website including the pages you visited and which browsers are used to visit the Website.
 3 Use of information
  3.1 Lion Capital may use information held about you in the following ways:
  • to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
  • to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
  • as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
  3.2 At times, we may utilise e-mail and your personal information to provide you with information that you have requested. 
 4 Disclosure
  4.1 Lion Capital may share your personal information with:
  • any member of the Lion Capital group, which means Lion Capital, our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, the general partner of any fund managed or advised by us or our subsidiaries and such general partner’s subsidiaries;
  • members and employees of the Lion Capital group; 
  • affiliates of Lion Capital; and
  • analytics, platform and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website, including Intralinks. 
  4.2 Lion Capital may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
  • in the event that it sells or buys any business or assets, in which case it may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or their advisors; 
  • if Lion Capital or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it, including about its investors will be one of the transferred assets; and
  • if it is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data by law or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the {Terms and Conditions link}, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lion Capital.
  4.3 The personally identifiable information that you provide to us may be accessed by (or given to) our staff working outside the UK and the third parties referred to above, some of whom may be located outside the European Economic Area. Countries outside the European Economic Area may not necessarily have adequate data protection laws. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The personal data that we collect from you will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
 5 Where we store your personal data
  If you have a password to access secure areas of this Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. This password must not be shared with any third party. 
 6 Your rights
  The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Lion Capital does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We suggest that you carefully review the {Terms and Conditions link} of use, and privacy policies, of each website that you visit before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to from our Website. Other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
 7 Access to information
  The Act gives you the right to access information we hold about you. You may exercise your right under the Act to access such information. We will request a fee of £10 to cover our administration costs in providing such information that we hold about you to you.
 8 Protection
  Lion Capital acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the information you provide us. Whilst we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times, in order to prevent unauthorised access, maintain accuracy, and ensure proper use of information, we have employed physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Any information that you give us is protected by a password for added security. Within our Website, your information is stored in password-protected, limited-access servers. Our servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains tight controls on any access to the system from both our internal network and the internet. 
 9 Changes to our Privacy Policy
  Lion Capital may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy because it is binding on you.
 10 Cookies
  10.1 By using the Website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies you consent to our use of cookies on the Website, which include Google Analytics cookies. We will be using Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our Website, and we will use this information to improve the Website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, and such information includes the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come from before visiting the Website and the pages they visit. To learn more about what cookies are set on your computer as you browse the internet and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
  10.2 A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your computer. Cookies allow your browser to remember some specific information which the web server can later retrieve and use. We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
  10.3 We use cookies primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our Website. We only use cookies to capture anonymous analytics to improve your experience of the Website and its performance. This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of use of our Website, the pages visited, and the length of each visit, as well as information about your computer, operating system, browser, language, and country.
 11 Terms and Conditions
  Use of the Website is subject to our {Terms and Conditions link}
 12 Contact
  If you have any questions or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, please can you address these to Richard Lewis (Compliance Office and Company Secretary) at richard.lewis@lioncapital.com.
 13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 
  This Privacy Policy is governed by and is to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.



SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 54, PART 6 OF THE MODERN SLAVERY ACT 2015 (the “Act”)
  This statement relates to the financial year ended 31 December 2016 and sets out the steps that Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital”, the “Firm” or “we”) has taken and intends to take to ensure that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in its business or supply chains.
Our structure, business and supply chains
  The Firm is a global consumer-focused investor, with offices in London and Los Angeles. The Firm provides investment management services to various investment funds established in the United Kingdom (the “Funds”), which focus on making investments in Europe and North America. 
  As a private equity investor, our immediate supply chain is relatively short, consisting mainly of professional services firms. 
  The Funds that we manage invest in a number of portfolio companies. Though these portfolio companies do not form part of the Firm’s supply chain, we are committed to taking steps to confirm that each portfolio company’s management team understands any responsibilities it has under the Act and the need for it to put in place its own effective controls and training to protect against modern slavery being present in its own business and supply chains.
  To this end, we have written to the management of those portfolio companies that we consider may be subject to the Act, to ensure that they understand their obligations under the Act. In addition, we have representation on each portfolio company board and, although not a standing agenda item, ensuring compliance with the Act and limiting the risk of modern slavery and human trafficking taking place in their business and supply chains remains a key consideration of the companies’ boards. 
Policy Statement
  In pursuit of best-in-class approach, Lion Capital is a signatory of the six UN supported Principles for Responsible Investment. The Firm is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. Lion Capital expects all of its portfolio companies and employees to comply with ESG-related legislation at a local, national and international level, including but not limited to applicable environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption and human rights legislation. 
  Lion Capital portfolio companies are actively involved in a collaboration project (“Not for Sale”) which raises awareness about human trafficking and, as an active board member of “Not for Sale”, in 2016 Lion Capital has promoted the prevention of human trafficking at various investor meetings and conferences.
Our approach to due diligence
  As part of the Firm’s standard investment due diligence process, Lion employs external advisers to conduct site visits, management interviews and public searches to diagnose any potential environmental/social liabilities, and ensure portfolio company compliance with Lion’s philosophy in these areas. At the point that a Fund acquires a portfolio
 company, we ensure that such portfolio company’s management team is aware of their potential obligations under the Act.
  We do not consider that the relationships within our immediate supply chain give rise to material risks in this area. However, we will be requiring key suppliers to confirm that their activities accord with the requirements of the Act. 
  We also have a dedicated Compliance Officer, who oversees the above process.
Training
  The Firm has provided details of this policy to all relevant staff. We ensure that all employees, on joining the Firm and periodically thereafter, review and familiarise themselves with the Firm’s policies to ensure that they can identify situations where there is a risk of modern slavery or human trafficking.
Further steps
  Additional steps that we intend to take in order to ensure that modern slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in our business or supply chains are:

to develop and enhance existing policies (if any) or create new policies relating to slavery and human trafficking, in order to provide a framework for identifying and monitoring activities within our business and supply chains that may be in breach of such policies; 
to review our due diligence processes to ensure that they comply with our policies on slavery and human trafficking; and
to review current training provided in respect of our policies and their implementation and ensure the applicable level of training is delivered to employees so that they are more effective in identifying the existence or risk of slavery and human trafficking as part of the investment due diligence process.

  This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Lion Capital LLP’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2016. It has been endorsed by the Operating Committee on behalf of the Firm. 
 Robert Darwent
 Designated Member
 30 June 2017



Did you know that there is a newer version of your Internet Browser available?

Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website.
A list of the most poplar web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page





Chrome 36





Firefox 30





Internet Explorer 11





Opera 22





Safari 7




Close Window










Log in









Forgot Password?











Forgot Password




































WALKER GUIDELINES SUPPORT

INFORMATION RELATED TO WALKER GUIDELINES
 Lion Capital LLP embraces the spirit of the Guidelines for Disclosure and Transparency in Private Equity as recommended by Sir David Walker (the “Guidelines”) and has made a commitment to conform to the recommendations and principles outlined in the Guidelines. This includes promoting conformity with the Guidelines (where relevant) on the part of those companies acquired by its Funds.
 Structure of Lion Capital LLP
 Lion Capital LLP is an English limited liability partnership authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority. It currently manages four funds structured as English limited partnerships, known as Lion Capital Fund I, Lion Capital Fund II, Lion Capital Fund III, and Lion Capital 2015 Fund (the “Funds”). 
History and Investment Approach 
  Please refer to the About and Approach sections within this website. Please also see the Brands section of this website, which contains case study examples of investments made by the Funds. Lion Capital is a long-term investor and, as such, normally holds its investments in companies over several years.
Investments in UK-based Companies 
  The Funds currently hold investments in the following companies that are headquartered or have significant operations in the United Kingdom. 
  Loungers
  Grenade
  Young’s Seafood
Leadership of Lion Capital 
  Lion Capital has an Operating Committee, chaired by Lyndon Lea as Managing Partner. The other members of the Operating Committee are Robert Darwent and Simon Brown. The Operating Committee directs the overall business of Lion Capital. In addition the Investment Committee, comprised of Lyndon Lea (Chair), Robert Darwent and Javier Ferran, makes all investment and divestment decisions in respect of the funds Lion Capital is responsible for managing and/or advising. Please refer to the About section within this website for biographical information on Lion’s senior management team.
 Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital LLP has established mechanisms for managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise in the course of its business undertakings (including those of the Funds). These procedures include, but are not limited to, the establishment of internal guidelines that are monitored by the firm’s Compliance Officer and external committees of third-party investors of the Funds for addressing certain potential conflicts related to investment activities.
 Responsible Communications 
  Lion Capital LLP commits, in accordance with the Guidelines, to ensuring timely and effective communication with employees, either directly or through any relevant portfolio company, in particular at the time of a strategic initiative or transaction involving a relevant portfolio company, as soon as confidentiality constraints cease to be applicable. Lion Capital LLP commits to employ industry-established guidelines in the valuation of assets acquired by the Funds.
 Lion Capital Investor Base 
  Over forty institutions have committed capital to the Lion Capital Funds, including some of the largest and most sophisticated institutional investors in the world.


 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



INVESTOR CODE OF CONDUCT

Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital” or the “Firm”) is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. The Firm encourages the furtherance of strong ethical and professional principles across all of its business activities, from its interactions with business owners and executives to its engagement of third-party advisors and its introduction to and ongoing partnership with institutions and individuals that commit capital to Lion Capital Sponsored Funds (“Investors”).
  Lion Capital acknowledges its obligations to its Investors and, in addition to applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern investment firms, Lion Capital has implemented this Code of Conduct (“Code of Conduct”) to set forth certain guiding principles governing its interactions with its Investors and other related matters. 
  This Code of Conduct sets forth the expected standard of ethical and legal behaviour applicable to all Lion Capital Executives, emphasises the necessity of adherence to the highest standards of compliance and regulation and imposes requirements relating to transparency and accountability. All Lion Capital Executives are signatories to this Code of Conduct, which supplements the Firm’s Compliance Manual. Breach of this Code of Conduct is a serious matter for any such person and may lead to disciplinary action and, ultimately, termination of their employment with or membership of the Firm, as applicable. 
  Given the variety and complexity of the arrangements relating to Lion Capital, its business, investments, Investors and other stakeholders, this Code of Conduct necessarily only serves as a guide to the principles to be applied in any particular scenario. In case of any doubt, personnel should seek advice from the Firm’s Compliance Officer (Richard Lewis) or Lyndon Lea to ensure their actions comply with both the letter and spirit of this Code of Conduct.
  Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined, have the meanings given in Section 7.
 Section 1: Conflicts of Interest
  Lion Capital holds itself to the highest standard of conduct with respect to its interactions with Investors. In furtherance of this goal, Lion Capital prohibits activities which may contribute to or do not adequately address any conflict of interest between itself and its Investors. 
  Specifically, Lion Capital will not engage in:
  - “revolving door” employment practices with respect to former employees of its Investors, to include employing or compensating in any way any executive, employee or fiduciary of an Investor for two years after termination of such person’s relationship with the Investor;
  - the pursuit of any direct or indirect financial, commercial or business relationship with any Investor official, executive, employee or fiduciary, an employee or fiduciary of an investment adviser or consultant to an Investor, or any Relatives of such persons;
  - the extension of improper gifts to Investor officials, executives, employees or fiduciaries in breach of section 4 of this Code;
  - the misuse of confidential information supplied by Investors, but will use every effort to protect all sensitive or confidential Investor information and will use such information only for performing the services for which Lion Capital has been engaged.
  Lion Capital is mindful of conflicts that may arise between itself and its Sponsored Funds and complies with both the governing agreements of these Funds in this regard and the regulatory rules and principles applicable to the Firm and its personnel.
  All Executives are obliged to disclose to the Compliance Officer any material transaction or relationship that could give rise to a conflict of interest and may not enter into any such transaction unless and until it has been approved by the Firm. 
  Personal dealing and conflicts of interests are also specifically addressed by the Firm’s Compliance Manual.
 Section 2: Use of Third Parties to Secure Investor Commitments
  Lion Capital has used and is likely to continue to retain third parties in an advisory and/or fund-raising capacity to assist it in raising funds (“Placement Agents”). When engaging a Placement Agent, Lion Capital will enter into a written contract that specifies the scope of services to be performed and the fee arrangement. In addition, Lion Capital will only engage Placement Agents who adhere to (i) the European Private Equity and Venture Capital Association Placement Agents Supplementary Code of Conduct, dated June 2009, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “EVCA Code”) and (ii) this Code of Conduct insofar as it pertains to Placement Agents. 
  A. General Placement Agent Standards 
  Lion Capital will only retain a Placement Agent that:
  - is registered and/or authorised with, and regulated by, as applicable, appropriate regulatory bodies in each jurisdiction in which it undertakes regulated activities; 
  - possesses the licenses or certifications required by legal, governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organisations to which the Placement Agent or its representatives are subject;
  - is in the habitual, systematised business of soliciting capital commitments from prospective Investors; and
  - operates in an environment with established compliance and oversight processes.
  Furthermore, Lion Capital will only engage a Placement Agent that:
  - maintains high standards of probity, integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business;
  - performs reasonable due diligence in respect of potential Investors commensurate with the scope of its engagement;
  - does not make or offer to make any payments or provide other consideration or benefit directly or indirectly with a view to inducing a prospective Investor to enter into contractual negotiations with Sponsored Funds; and
  - employs appropriately qualified staff, authorised and supervised commensurate with the capacity in which they are employed and the jurisdictions in which they operate.
  B. Restrictions on Placement Agents with Respect to Public Pension Funds
  Lion Capital will not directly or indirectly hire, engage, utilise, retain or compensate any person or entity, including but not limited to any Placement Agent, lobbyist, Solicitor, intermediary or consultant, to directly or indirectly communicate for any purpose with any official, executive, employee or fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund in connection with any transaction or investment between Lion Capital and the Public Pension Fund where to do so would violate, or would cause Lion Capital or any of its Executives to violate, any laws, rules, regulations, policy statements or codes of conduct applicable to any such Public Pension Fund. Where appropriate this restriction shall include but shall not be limited to:
  - introducing, finding, referring, facilitating, arranging, expediting, fostering or establishing a relationship with, or obtaining access to a Public Pension Fund.
  - soliciting an investment from a Public Pension Fund; or
  - influencing or attempting to influence the outcome of any investment or other financial decision by a Public Pension Fund.
  For further clarity, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to:
  - any Executive of Lion Capital who is acting within the scope of his or her normal professional duties on behalf of Lion Capital;
  - any person or entity whose sole basis of compensation from Lion Capital is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to Lion Capital or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining of a relationship between Lion Capital and a Public Pension Fund; or
  - lobbying of a government or legislature on issues unrelated to investment or other financial decisions by Public Pension Funds or their Advisors.
 Section 3: Restrictions on Campaign Contributions and Solicitations 
  Lion Capital’s policies on campaign contributions and solicitations are designed to (i) protect the integrity of Lion Capital’s fundraising activities pertaining to its Sponsored Funds by avoiding conflicts or the appearance thereof with politically connected Investors, (ii) prevent any Lion Capital Executive from attributing their personal political activities to Lion Capital and (iii) ensure that Lion Capital complies with applicable restrictions and limits on political contributions and gifts made by employees to any officeholders, candidates for office, and political action committees throughout the world. 
  In connection with the foregoing principles, Lion Capital does not make (nor encourage any Lion Capital Executive to make) Contributions to Officials and Public Pension Fund Officials. Any Lion Capital Executive wishing to make such a contribution privately must have this pre-cleared with the Compliance Officer.
  Lion Capital Executives engaged in personal political activity (e.g., election campaign work, solicitation of contributions), that are not prohibited by this Code of Conduct, must not attribute such activity to Lion Capital. Lion Capital’s name, facilities, property and resources (including e-mails) may not be used in connection with political activities.
  Contributions to any political organisation must be disclosed to, and approved by, the Compliance Officer. 
  New Executives of Lion Capital will be required to disclose to the Compliance Officer all Contributions to any political organisation made by such Executive within two years prior to joining Lion Capital or such longer period of time as may be determined by the Compliance Officer.
 Section 4: Gifts and Business Entertainment 
  It is the general policy of Lion Capital to not provide any of its Investors or prospective Investors with Gifts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that Lion Capital may hold periodic meetings of (i) some or all of its Investors or (ii) members of its Funds’ Investor Advisory Boards (or equivalent bodies) and attendees at such meetings may receive meals, accommodation, refreshments, participation in customary business-related activities (e.g., a round of golf) and Portfolio Company or Lion Capital branded items (such items limited to a value of $100 in each case). 
  In addition to the foregoing, Lion Capital may provide Business Entertainment to certain Investors (such as individual Investors) who are not subject to the same conflicts of interest considerations as other Investors. Any such entertainment above a de minimis value must be approved by the Compliance Officer. While any Business Entertainment provided to such Investors must be in accordance with the spirit of this Code, it is recognised that such Investors are not subject to the same constraints as individuals who themselves are subject to fiduciary obligations. Nonetheless, no Gift which is (or may be construed as) not customary business practice, or the purpose of which is to gain an unfair business advantage, shall be given or received by the Firm or any Executive. 
 Section 5: Disclosures to Investors or Prospective Investors 
  Upon request by any Lion Capital Investor, Lion will disclose all relevant information related to its engagement of Placement Agents and the qualifications of its Executives engaged in the solicitation of Investor commitments. Lion Capital will also provide a prospective Investor with the same information during such prospective Investor’s due diligence process, subject to such prospective Investor agreeing to customary confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 
 Section 6: Education and Training 
  All Lion Capital Executives must sign this Code of Conduct as an affirmation of their commitment to the standards and principles detailed within. Lion Capital will train all new relevant Executives on the requirements set out in the Code within a reasonable time of their joining of the Firm. On an annual basis, the Compliance Officer shall review the requirements set out within this Code with all of the Firm’s Executives and require a certification from each Executive attesting to their completion of the review.
 
 Section 7: Selected Definitions 
  “Business Entertainment” means meals, sporting, theatre, concert and other events requiring tickets, travel, accommodation, conferences and other forms of ordinary course entertainment. 
  “Compliance Officer” means the designated Compliance Officer of Lion Capital or any other member who performs the functions of a compliance officer. 
  “Contribution” means any gift, subscription, loan, advance, or deposit of money or anything of value made for: 
  (i) The purpose of influencing any election for office;
 (ii) Payment of debt incurred in connection with any such election; or
  (iii) Transition or inaugural expenses of the successful candidate for any such election.“Covered Person” means any person or entity that does business with or potentially could conduct business with or on behalf of Lion Capital and includes without limitation Lion Capital’s investors, portfolio companies, vendors, service providers, law firms, investment banks, broker dealers, accounting firms and consultants.
  “Executive” means any partner, member, employee or other officer of the Firm. 
  “Gift” means any object, services, or other item of value (including tickets to an event unless the donor and recipient both attend the event) given or received by an Executive to or from a Covered Person.
  “Government Entity” means a country or a state, or political subdivision of such country or state, including: 
  (i) Any agency, authority, or instrumentality of the country or state or a political subdivision of such;
 (ii) Plan or pools of assets controlled by the country or state or a political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof; and
  (iii) Officers, agents, or employees of the country or state or political subdivision of such or any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof, acting in their official capacity.
  “Lobbying” shall mean, for the purposes of this Code of Conduct, any attempt to directly or indirectly influence a determination by a (1) Public Pension Fund Official, (2) Official, (3) any fiduciary of a Public Pension Fund, (4) Public Pension Fund Advisor, or (5) any other person or entity working in cooperation with any of the above, related to a procurement of investment management or advisory services by a Public Pension Fund, including without limitation a determination by a Public Pension Fund to place an investment with the Firm
  “Official” means any person (including any election committee for the person) who was, at the time of a Contribution, an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate: 
  (i) For an elective office of a Government Entity, if the office is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm; or 
 (ii) For any elective office of a Government Entity, if the office has authority to appoint any person who is directly or indirectly responsible for, or can directly influence the outcome of, the Public Pension Fund’s investment with or engagement of the Firm.Communication with an Official includes communications with the employees and advisors of such Official.
  “Placement Agent” means any third party intermediary that is directly or indirectly hired, engaged, utilised, retained or compensated (regardless of whether upon a fixed, contingent or any other basis) or otherwise given any other tangible or intangible item or benefit having monetary value by the Firm for facilitating the placement of an investment in a Sponsored Fund. A Placement Agent does not include a bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance unrelated to soliciting, introducing, finding, or referring clients to the Firm or attempting to influence in any way an existing or potential investment in or business relationship with the Firm.
  “Public Pension Fund” means any retirement plan established or maintained for its employees (current or former) by the government of any country or political subdivision thereof, or by any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing.
  “Public Pension Fund Advisor” means any external firm or individual engaged by a Public Pension Fund to assist in the selection of investments or investment management or advisory services for the Public Pension Fund.
  “Public Pension Fund Official” means any elected or appointed trustee or other official, staff member or employee whose official duties involve responsibility for a Public Pension Fund.
  “Relative” means a person related by blood or affinity (including a domestic partner) who resides in the same household. A person adopted into a family is considered a relative on the same basis as a natural born family member.
  “Solicitor” means any person or entity who in any way, directly or indirectly, solicits, finds, introduces or refers any client to the Firm, including without limitation any intermediary, consultant, broker, introducer, referrer, finder, public- or government-relations expert, or marketer. A Solicitor does not include any bona fide Executive or any person whose sole basis of compensation from the Firm is the actual provision of legal, accounting or other professional advice, services or assistance that is unrelated to any solicitation, introduction, finding, or referral of clients to the Firm or the brokering, fostering, establishing or maintaining a relationship between the Firm and a Public Pension Fund.
  “Sponsored Fund” means an investment fund sponsored, managed or advised by the Firm or its affiliate.<



TERMS & CONDITIONS

These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to the entire contents of this website under the domain name www.lioncapital.com (the “Website”). The Website is owned and operated by Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) whose registered office is at 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF (“Lion Capital”, also referred to as “our”, “we” or “us”). Lion Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Lion Capital LLP is a member of the BVCA and EVCA. Please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully before using this Website. By using or visiting this Website you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Website.
 1 Introduction
  1.1 These Terms and Conditions, and the additional policy referenced below, (together the “Terms”) set-out how you may make use of the Website, whether as a guest or as a user registered to access secure areas of the Website, and what personal data Lion Capital may collect about you, and how and for what purpose Lion Capital may process data about you. 
  1.2 Our additional policy includes our {Privacy Policy link} which sets-out the terms on which Lion Capital processes any personal data which we collect from you, or that you produce to us. It also sets-out information about and the terms on which cookies are used on the Website. By using the Website, you also confirm that you have accepted the terms of this policy. The definitions used in these Terms and Conditions are also used in the abovementioned policy. 
  1.3 Lion Capital may revise the Terms at any time by amending the same. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Terms, because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website.
 2 Intellectual Property Rights
  2.1 The contents of this Website are protected by international copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
  2.2 The owner of these intellectual property rights is Lion Capital, its affiliates or other third parties. All such rights are reserved.
  2.3 All product and company names and logos mentioned on this Website are the trade marks, service marks or trading names of their respective owners, including us. Nothing on this Website shall be interpreted as granting any licence or right to use any image, trade mark, logo or service mark on the Website. 
  2.4 You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website only for your personal reference, and only provided that:
  • no digital or hard copy documents or graphics present on this Website are modified or copied in any way;
  • no graphics on this Website are used separately from accompanying text; and
  • the status of Lion Capital (and that of any identified contributors) as the author of any material on this Website is always acknowledged by you.
  2.5 Other than as detailed in clause 2.4 of these Terms and Conditions, any commercial use or exploitation of this Website or its content is strictly prohibited. No part of this Website may be reproduced or stored, modified, copied, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed, by any means or in any manner, or included in any other website or in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service including but not limited to text, graphics, video, messages, code and/or software without our express prior written consent.
  2.6 Copying or downloading material from this Website does not transfer title to any material on this Website to you. Anything transmitted to this Website by you becomes Lion Capital’s property and may be used by us for any lawful purpose.
  2.7 You must not use this Website or the information and graphics on the Website in any way which infringes Lion Capital’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
  2.8 If in our reasonable opinion you have breached or are breaching any of the Terms, your permission to use this Website automatically terminates, we have the right to disable your user account and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from this Website.
 3 Access
  3.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the Website is available 24 hours a day, Lion Capital shall not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time, for any period or for any reason. We reserve the right to make changes or corrections, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website, the content or services or products available through it, including your access to it.
  3.2 Lion Capital reserves the right to restrict certain areas of information accessible via the Website to our approved, registered users. If any area of the Website requires you to register with us, then we may accept or refuse your application for registration (in our absolute discretion). You agree to provide at all times truthful and accurate information in applying to register to use the Website and using any registration granted. Your registration will not be transferable and you are solely responsible for any activity which occurs on or through your user name, password or account, whether or not authorised by you and for keeping secure and confidential such details. You must not disclose your account’s user name or password (or other login details) to any third party. You must change your password immediately if you believe that your registration may have been used without your authorisation, and you must inform us of the same at info@lioncapital.com.
  3.3 We will keep your account’s user name and password confidential and it will only be used to support your relationship with Lion Capital. Lion Capital will not disclose or sell that information outside its corporate group, except in connection with the proposed or actual sale of the whole or part of Lion Capital’s business.
  3.4 You acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations that may affect your access to this Website. This Website is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this Website is prohibited or restricted, or which would subject Lion Capital to any regulatory or other requirements within such jurisdiction. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions or restrictions apply must not access the other pages on this Website or distribute any materials on the Website to other persons within any such restricted jurisdiction. 
  3.5 Lion Capital reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website at any time without notice.
 4 Acceptable Use
  4.1 You may not: (i) copy, reproduce, reverse engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload any information from, transmit, or in any way exploit the whole or any part of this Website; or (ii) use this Website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent; or (iii) use the whole or any part of this Website for any public or commercial purpose or in any way exploit the whole or any part of the Website without the prior written permission of Lion Capital. 
  4.2 Information posted on the Website may be accessible to third parties by means of the internet or otherwise. Please do not transmit any confidential information to or through the Website. You acknowledge that communications transmitted by means of the Website are public and not private communications. 
  4.3 You must not use the Website for any unlawful or fraudulent purposes. You must not misuse our Website by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. In particular, you must not access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Website or any part of it; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in connection with the provision of the Website; or any equipment, software or website owned or used by a third party. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack.
  4.4 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
  4.5 Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of this clause 4, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 5 Disclaimer
  5.1 While Lion Capital endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website is correct, Lion Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the material on this Website or that such material is up to date. Lion Capital is under no obligation to update such material. The Website may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies. Lion Capital disclaims all liability arising from your use of or reference to any third party content displayed on the Website, or the content of third party websites and resources with respect to which links are provided on the Website (“Third Party Material”).
  5.2 The material on this Website is provided “as is”, without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Lion Capital provides you with this Website on the basis that Lion Capital excludes all representations, express or implied warranties, conditions and other terms which but for these Terms and Conditions might have effect in relation to this Website.
  5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although Lion Capital will use its commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, it cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
  5.4 The content of this Website is provided for general information only. No legal, investment or tax advice is being given on this Website. Nothing on this Website should be construed as any offer or invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any investment(s) or to provide any investment services.
  5.5 Lion Capital does not warrant that the Website is secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for ensuring that you have adequate virus protection software in place. 
 6 Liability
  6.1 Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. Lion Capital and its respective partners, officers, members, employees and advisers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or consequential loss or any other damages or loss, nor for any loss of revenue, profit, business opportunity or business interruption, data, goodwill, reputation or anticipated savings suffered by any person as a result of reliance on a statement or omission on, or the use of, this Website. You should independently verify any information before relying on it.
  6.2 Where the Website contains Third Party Material, which is provided for your information only and you use such Third Party Material at your own risk. Lion Capital has no control over the Third Party Material (including any third parties’ data protection or privacy policies), and accepts no responsibility for the Third Party Material or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of or reference to the same, whether actual or consequential. The inclusion of the Third Party Material on the Website does not constitute an endorsement of those third parties’ websites, products or services. 
  6.3 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Lion Capital’s liability for:
  • death or personal injury caused by negligence (as such term is defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); or
  • fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
  • any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, including the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
  6.4 To the extent permitted by law, Lion Capital excludes all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website and the Website’s content whether express or implied.
 7 Confidentiality
  You agree that the data and information contained in, or accessible from, this Website have been prepared on a confidential basis solely for the benefit of selected investors. You agree to keep such information confidential (except to the extent otherwise agreed with us in writing).
 8 Trade Marks
  Lion Capital and the Lion Capital logos are registered trade marks of Lion Capital. 
 9 Breach
  Without prejudice to its other rights or remedies, Lion Capital reserves the right to take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs or losses (on an indemnity basis) resulting from your breach of these Terms, and to disclose such information to law enforcement agencies as Lion Capital reasonably believes is necessary.
 10 Severability
  If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect in so far as possible.
 11 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
  The Terms are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms.



PRIVACY POLICY

1 Introduction
  1.1 Lion Capital takes the protection of your privacy and personal data seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit the Website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. By using the Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Website.
  1.2 Please note that the definitions used in this Privacy Policy are defined in the {Terms and Conditions link}
  1.3 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Lion Capital LLP (registered number OC308261) of 21 Grosvenor Place, London, SW1X 7HF with data controller registration number Z1932831.
  1.4 Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Lion Capital’s Compliance Office and Company Secretary, Richard Lewis.
 2 Information we may collect from you
  Lion Capital may collect and process the following data about you:
  • technical information: this will include information such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information (if appropriate), browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; 
  • information about your visit: this will including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page; 
  • personal information including name and email addresses as may be provided by you by email or telephone when contacting us or creating user profiles; and
  • statistical information about your visit to the Website including the pages you visited and which browsers are used to visit the Website.
 3 Use of information
  3.1 Lion Capital may use information held about you in the following ways:
  • to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
  • to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
  • as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
  3.2 At times, we may utilise e-mail and your personal information to provide you with information that you have requested. 
 4 Disclosure
  4.1 Lion Capital may share your personal information with:
  • any member of the Lion Capital group, which means Lion Capital, our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, the general partner of any fund managed or advised by us or our subsidiaries and such general partner’s subsidiaries;
  • members and employees of the Lion Capital group; 
  • affiliates of Lion Capital; and
  • analytics, platform and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website, including Intralinks. 
  4.2 Lion Capital may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
  • in the event that it sells or buys any business or assets, in which case it may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or their advisors; 
  • if Lion Capital or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it, including about its investors will be one of the transferred assets; and
  • if it is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data by law or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply the {Terms and Conditions link}, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lion Capital.
  4.3 The personally identifiable information that you provide to us may be accessed by (or given to) our staff working outside the UK and the third parties referred to above, some of whom may be located outside the European Economic Area. Countries outside the European Economic Area may not necessarily have adequate data protection laws. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The personal data that we collect from you will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
 5 Where we store your personal data
  If you have a password to access secure areas of this Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. This password must not be shared with any third party. 
 6 Your rights
  The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Lion Capital does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We suggest that you carefully review the {Terms and Conditions link} of use, and privacy policies, of each website that you visit before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to from our Website. Other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
 7 Access to information
  The Act gives you the right to access information we hold about you. You may exercise your right under the Act to access such information. We will request a fee of £10 to cover our administration costs in providing such information that we hold about you to you.
 8 Protection
  Lion Capital acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the information you provide us. Whilst we cannot guarantee the security of your information at all times, in order to prevent unauthorised access, maintain accuracy, and ensure proper use of information, we have employed physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Any information that you give us is protected by a password for added security. Within our Website, your information is stored in password-protected, limited-access servers. Our servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains tight controls on any access to the system from both our internal network and the internet. 
 9 Changes to our Privacy Policy
  Lion Capital may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check the Website from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy because it is binding on you.
 10 Cookies
  10.1 By using the Website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies you consent to our use of cookies on the Website, which include Google Analytics cookies. We will be using Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our Website, and we will use this information to improve the Website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, and such information includes the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come from before visiting the Website and the pages they visit. To learn more about what cookies are set on your computer as you browse the internet and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
  10.2 A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your computer. Cookies allow your browser to remember some specific information which the web server can later retrieve and use. We do not use cookies to store any personal information that could be read or understood by others.
  10.3 We use cookies primarily for administrative purposes, to improve your experience with our Website. We only use cookies to capture anonymous analytics to improve your experience of the Website and its performance. This includes compiling statistical information concerning, among other things, the frequency of use of our Website, the pages visited, and the length of each visit, as well as information about your computer, operating system, browser, language, and country.
 11 Terms and Conditions
  Use of the Website is subject to our {Terms and Conditions link}
 12 Contact
  If you have any questions or requests in relation to this Privacy Policy, please can you address these to Richard Lewis (Compliance Office and Company Secretary) at richard.lewis@lioncapital.com.
 13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 
  This Privacy Policy is governed by and is to be construed in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.



SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT

SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 54, PART 6 OF THE MODERN SLAVERY ACT 2015 (the “Act”)
  This statement relates to the financial year ended 31 December 2016 and sets out the steps that Lion Capital LLP (“Lion Capital”, the “Firm” or “we”) has taken and intends to take to ensure that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in its business or supply chains.
Our structure, business and supply chains
  The Firm is a global consumer-focused investor, with offices in London and Los Angeles. The Firm provides investment management services to various investment funds established in the United Kingdom (the “Funds”), which focus on making investments in Europe and North America. 
  As a private equity investor, our immediate supply chain is relatively short, consisting mainly of professional services firms. 
  The Funds that we manage invest in a number of portfolio companies. Though these portfolio companies do not form part of the Firm’s supply chain, we are committed to taking steps to confirm that each portfolio company’s management team understands any responsibilities it has under the Act and the need for it to put in place its own effective controls and training to protect against modern slavery being present in its own business and supply chains.
  To this end, we have written to the management of those portfolio companies that we consider may be subject to the Act, to ensure that they understand their obligations under the Act. In addition, we have representation on each portfolio company board and, although not a standing agenda item, ensuring compliance with the Act and limiting the risk of modern slavery and human trafficking taking place in their business and supply chains remains a key consideration of the companies’ boards. 
Policy Statement
  In pursuit of best-in-class approach, Lion Capital is a signatory of the six UN supported Principles for Responsible Investment. The Firm is a responsible investment fund manager that strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity and professionalism in the conduct of its business. Lion Capital expects all of its portfolio companies and employees to comply with ESG-related legislation at a local, national and international level, including but not limited to applicable environmental, health and safety, anti-bribery and corruption and human rights legislation. 
  Lion Capital portfolio companies are actively involved in a collaboration project (“Not for Sale”) which raises awareness about human trafficking and, as an active board member of “Not for Sale”, in 2016 Lion Capital has promoted the prevention of human trafficking at various investor meetings and conferences.
Our approach to due diligence
  As part of the Firm’s standard investment due diligence process, Lion employs external advisers to conduct site visits, management interviews and public searches to diagnose any potential environmental/social liabilities, and ensure portfolio company compliance with Lion’s philosophy in these areas. At the point that a Fund acquires a portfolio
 company, we ensure that such portfolio company’s management team is aware of their potential obligations under the Act.
  We do not consider that the relationships within our immediate supply chain give rise to material risks in this area. However, we will be requiring key suppliers to confirm that their activities accord with the requirements of the Act. 
  We also have a dedicated Compliance Officer, who oversees the above process.
Training
  The Firm has provided details of this policy to all relevant staff. We ensure that all employees, on joining the Firm and periodically thereafter, review and familiarise themselves with the Firm’s policies to ensure that they can identify situations where there is a risk of modern slavery or human trafficking.
Further steps
  Additional steps that we intend to take in order to ensure that modern slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in our business or supply chains are:

to develop and enhance existing policies (if any) or create new policies relating to slavery and human trafficking, in order to provide a framework for identifying and monitoring activities within our business and supply chains that may be in breach of such policies; 
to review our due diligence processes to ensure that they comply with our policies on slavery and human trafficking; and
to review current training provided in respect of our policies and their implementation and ensure the applicable level of training is delivered to employees so that they are more effective in identifying the existence or risk of slavery and human trafficking as part of the investment due diligence process.

  This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Lion Capital LLP’s slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2016. It has been endorsed by the Operating Committee on behalf of the Firm. 
 Robert Darwent
 Designated Member
 30 June 2017



Did you know that there is a newer version of your Internet Browser available?

Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website.
A list of the most poplar web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page





Chrome 36





Firefox 30





Internet Explorer 11





Opera 22





Safari 7




Close Window










Log in









Forgot Password?











Forgot Password




































 


 
































Lion Capital 2015 Fund A, L.P., 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HG, United Kingdom | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Lion Capital 2015 Fund A, L.P.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  United Kingdom






        See Lion Capital 2015 Fund A, L.P.'s products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Contact information for Lion Capital 2015 Fund A, L.P.


 

Address
21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HG, United Kingdom

 


 




           


    







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








Lion Capital seeks $2.5 bln for Fund IV - PE Hub




























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Lion Capital seeks $2.5 bln for Fund IV


April 2, 2015
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran




 


Lion Capital is out marketing for its fourth fund, a source said.
Lion Capital IV LP has a $2.5 billion target on a $3 billion hard cap, the person said.
The private equity firm is not using a placement agent.
Fund IV is bigger than Lion’s third fund, which collected 1.6 billion euros (US$1.7 billion) in 2010. The pool is generating a 17.08 percent IRR and 1.51x multiple, according to data provider Bison.
Lion, which has offices in London and Los Angeles, is a consumer-focused firm that has invested in companies such as Jimmy Choo shoes (was sold to TowerBrook Capital Partners in 2007), Kettle Foods (exited in 2010) and AllSaints, the apparel retailer. Lion has been exiting deals as it prepares to come to market. In December, the firm agreed to sell Bumble Bee Foods to Thai Union Frozen Products in a deal valued at $1.5 billion. Lion Capital was expected to make more than 4.5x its money with the sale, peHUB has reported.
Earlier this week, the firm sold a 49 percent stake in Picard, a French frozen food retailer, to Aryzta. Lion last month sold Ven Geloven, a Netherlands-based frozen food producer, to TowerBrook. The firm also agreed to sell Vaasan Group, a bakery group, to Lantmännen in January.
News of Lion Capital’s fundraise was reported by The Wall Street Journal.
Executives for Lion could not immediately be reached for comment.
Photo courtesy of Shutterstock
 




DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

Thoma Bravo to sell Sparta Systems to New Mountain
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

 








































 













 













 





LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P. - Free Company Check































UK COMPANIES LISTFind, check and analyze companies data









Find company: 



















0DOCs






Number of documents in the cart:

0



Price of documents:

£ 0.00
































checkout




Empty cart
















watch this company




Free company watchdog service



Enter your email:









    							Track all the changes in the company LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P. for free.
    							You will learn immediately about the appointment and dismissal of directors,
    							about the new company documents, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Company.
    							Watchdog service can be cancelled any time.
    						







LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P.

		Learn more about LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P..
        Check the company's details for free and view the Companies House information, company documents and list of directors.
	

UK
					 - England
					 - Greater London
					 - City of Westminster
					 - Knightsbridge and Belgravia
					 - Knightsbridge and Belgravia - SW1X 7






Info
Accounts
Returns
Mortgages
Company documents
Company directors and board members









Company details 


					21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF

									

LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P. on the map
 












Company type: Limited Partnership 
Company number: LP016472 
Company status: Active 


				country of origin: United Kingdom 

									incorporation date: 2015.02.04
																has UK establishment:  No   
				has appointments:  No   

				in liquidation:  No  





					
						Company LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P.
						is a Limited Partnership,
						registration number LP016472, established in United Kingdom
						on the  4. February 2015.
					
											The company is now active.
					

																		The company has been in business for
						
						2 years						and						5 months.
					

					

																		The company is based on 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF.
											
					
											There are 4 company documents available.
																					The most recent document is " 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED. INCREASE IN CONTRIBUTION. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:INVESTAR GENERAL PARTNER LIMITED." from the 2016.08.22.
																			
																													
																													
											We do not have any information about the company LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P. being in liquidation.
					
					
					Data on this page were generated on the 2017.07.26.

					We can inform you about other changes with the "watch this company". 
				












Accounts:


																								overdue: NO 
																account category: NO ACCOUNTS FILED 
								documents available: 1 















Returns:


																overdue: NO 
																documents available: 1 




















List of company documents:





buy all documents

                        Find out more information about LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P.. Our website makes it possible to view other available documents related to LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P..
                        You have at your disposal scanned copies of official documents submitted by the company at Companies House. These documents may
                        contain Accounts, Annual Returns, Director appointments, Director resignations, administration and liquidation events,
                        registered office changes, strike off actions, charges and more.
                    



£2.95
Add to cart




 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED. INCREASE IN CONTRIBUTION. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:INVESTAR GENERAL PARTNER LIMITED. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2016.08.22 

£2.95
Add to cart




 TYPE OF BUSINESS CHANGED. 3 LIMITED PARTNERS APPOINTED. INCREASE IN CONTRIBUTION. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:NM REGAL, LLC. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:USS LION IV LP.. MORE PARTNERS AVAILABLE ON IMAGE. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2016.01.15 

£2.95
Add to cart




 1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED. 1 GENERAL PARTNER CEASED TO BE GENERAL PARTNER. GENERAL PARTNER RESIGNED:LION CAPITAL LLP. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:LION CAPITAL 2015 GP LIMITED. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2015.09.05 

£2.95
Add to cart




1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED, 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED AND THE TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED IS 1 EUR. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:LION CAPITAL LLP. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:LION CAPITAL CARRY 2015 L.P.. 
Form type: LP5 Date: 2015.02.04 Child documents:

Document type: ANNOTATION
Date: 2015.02.04
Form type: CERT12
Document description: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP







Know about every new company document that is added!
                    Take advantage of our watch this company feature free of charge and have notifications sent directly to your inbox.
                    Whenever a new document appears on this website, or if their particulars change, you will be immediately
                    informed about such changes. To monitor these changes, all you need to do is click on watch this company.
                





















Companies near to LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P.


NIAGARA ACQUISITION LIMITED - LION CAPITAL, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/DURY MIDCO LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL LLP - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/DURY OPCO LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION-SHOES MIDCO LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL VENTURES II LLP - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL GENERAL PARTNER LLP - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

HMTF FURNITURE INVESTMENTS LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/DURY IPMANCO LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL III GP LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION CAPITAL GENERAL PARTNER III LLP - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/GEM UK 1 LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			

BLACK LION ORANGINA MANAGEMENT 2 LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

LION/DURY BIDCO LIMITED - 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, SW1X 7HF
			

OCELOT MANAGEMENT LLP - C/O LION CAPITAL, 21 GROSVENOR PLACE, LONDON, SW1X 7HF
			




    Information about the Limited Partnership LION CAPITAL 2015 FUND, L.P. has been prepared for information purposes only. It is not intended to be nor does it constitute legal advice. This is public information provided by the official company register.



	Date of last update: 2016.09.01.
			
			Reload the data



























	        		        	© companies list, companieslist.co.uk provides public information about business subjects in the UK
					
					
					
					
					
				
disclamer |
					listing policy |
					contact |
					FAQ





﻿







Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd)  Filing. Simon David Brown  Filed Dec 11  D Form – Octafinance






















































 








Tuesday, 25 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd)  Filing. Simon David Brown  Filed Dec 11  D Form


12/20/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd)  Filing. Simon David Brown  Filed Dec 11  D Form and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/lion-capital-2015-fund-a-usd-filing-simon-david-brown-filed-dec-11-d-form/315402/.CaptchaSubmit
Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) Form D
The United Kingdom-based Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd), L.P. had published Form D because of $2.25 billion offering. This is a new filing. Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd), L.P. is expected to fundraise $2.25 billion in this private offering. The total private offering amount was $2.25 billion. This form was filed on 2015-12-11. Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd), L.P.’s clarification was: The figures in Item 13 include amounts in respect of the Issuer’s parallel entities.. The offering has $2.25 billion left to be raised and is still open.
 Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) is based in United Kingdom. The filler’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form D was signed by Simon David Brown Member of Manager of the Issuer. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: C/O Lion Capital Llp, 21 Grosvenor Place, London, X0, United Kingdom, Sw1x 7Hf. Simon David Brown is the related person in the form and it has address: C/O Lion Capital Llp, 21 Grosvenor Place, London, X0, United Kingdom, Sw1x 7Hf. Link to Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) Filing: 000166073215000001.
Analysis of Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) Offering
On average, startups in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment fund interests. Lion Capital 2015 Fund-A (Usd) sold 0.00 % of the offering. The average investment size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 100.00 % smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Champlain Equity Partners IIi  $3.00 million  Fundraising. Georges Sabongui  Published Dec 14  SEC form Jet Fund 1  Filing. Eddie Gant  Filed Dec 14  form D 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














lion capital fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Fund Capital - Fund Capital - Fund Capital for Sale.



Ad
 ·
www.shopping.net/​Fund Capital



Fund Capital for Sale. Find Our Lowest Possible Price!




Capital Fund - Capital Fund.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Fund



Capital Fund. Visit Today & Find More Results.



Web Results

Lion Capital LLP - Official Site

www.lioncapital.com


Lion Capital is a consumer focused investor that is passionate about driving growth through strong brands


Lion Capital LLP - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lion_Capital_LLP


Lion Capital LLP is a British private equity firm specialising in ... Lion Capital completed fundraising for its first private equity fund, Lion Capital Fund ...


Lion Capital Funds II - Lion-Bank of ... - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/LCAIASD:SP


Performance charts for Lion Capital Funds II - Lion-Bank of Singapore Asian Income Fund (LCAIASD) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical ...


LCBEMUA Quote - Lion Capital Funds II - Lion-Bank of ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/LCBEMUA:SP


Performance charts for Lion Capital Funds II - Lion-Bank of Singapore Emerging Market Bond Fund (LCBEMUA) including intraday, historical and comparison charts ...


Lion Fund Llc - Online

www.lionfundllc.com


Lion Fund Capital Managment LLC was founded in 2011 by several members of the Columbia Financial Investment Group: Columbia's largest finance organization.


Lion Capital seeks $2.5 bln for Fund IV - PE Hub

https://www.pehub.com/2015/04/lion-capital-seeks-2-5-bln-for-fund-iv


Lion Capital is out marketing for its fourth fund, a source said.


Blue Lion Capital - HedgeFundJobList

https://hedgefundjoblist.com/blue-lion-capital


Blue Lion Capital is a hedge fund management company based in Dallas, TX and has approximately $1.1135 billion in assets under management. View email, AUM...


Lion Capital Fund II | AltAssets Private Equity News

https://www.altassets.net/tag/lion-capital-fund-ii


Portobello Capital has made the final deal out of its third fund by acquiring a majority stake in Blue Sea Hotels & Resorts, its...


Lion Capital Fund IV | Palico

https://www.palico.com/funds/lion-capital-fund-iv/f278d9cb7d4d4e17...


Lion Capital Fund IV is a closed private equity fund managed by Lion Capital. Palico is the Private Equity Fund Marketplace.


Stone Lion Capital Partners Suspends Redemptions in Credit ...

https://www.wsj.com/articles/stone-lion-capital-partners-suspends...


Stone Lion Capital Partners L.P. said it suspended redemptions in its credit hedge funds after many investors asked for their money back.










Fund Capital - Fund Capital - Fund Capital for Sale.



Ad
 ·
www.shopping.net/​Fund Capital



Fund Capital for Sale. Find Our Lowest Possible Price!




Capital Fund - Capital Fund.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Fund



Capital Fund. Visit Today & Find More Results.


12345Next






Answers







Lion Capital LLP



American parent, launching Lion Capital as an independent private equity firm. In 2004, Lion Capital completed fundraising for its first private equity...

more






Lion Star Fund



operating with $4.6 million in 2011. They produced their highest rate of return (48.9%) in 2013 and, by 2014, they had earned over $10 million in...

more






Lion & Lion



is the first agency funded by venture capital firm and business incubator, Nova Founders Capital, that generally funds internet based start ups in...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








