

Lion Biotechnologies Inc 3802 Spectrum Blvd Tampa, FL Biotechnology Products & Services - MapQuest







































































































    Lion Biotechnologies Inc
  

3802 Spectrum Blvd

Tampa
FL
33612




 Reviews



(813) 369-5999

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help

























Advancing Immuno-Oncology - Iovance Biotherapeutics
























































☰





Announcing Iovance Biotherapeutics (Formerly Lion Biotechnologies)







IOVANCE is working to cure cancer, developing transformative immuno-oncology TIL therapies harnessing a patient's immune system.
DISCOVER








TIL (Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes) technology is an ideal cancer therapy targeting heterogeneous solid tumors.
EXPLORE








TIL's unique qualities include single treatment, no maintenance or follow-up therapy, and broad-spectrum antigen specificity ideally suited for many solid tumor cancers.
LEARN









ADVANCING IMMUNO-ONCOLOGY 
IOVANCE Biotherapeutics is focused on the development and commercialization of autologous cellular immunotherapies optimizing personalized, tumor-directed Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes (TIL) 





CLINICAL TRIALS 
IOVANCE is conducting three Phase 2 clinical trials to assess the efficacy and safety of autologous Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes for treatment of patients with Metastatic Melanoma, Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck and Cervical Cancer.
C-144-01 is a multicenter clinical trial now recruiting patients with Metastatic Melanoma at various sites in the US.
C-145-03 is a multicenter clinical trial now recruiting patients with Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck (SCCHN) at various sites in the US.
C-145-04 is a multicenter clinical trial now recruiting patients with Cervical Carcinoma at various sites in the US.
Learn



 


Latest News



News 

July 25, 2017
Iovance Biotherapeutics to Host Conference Call to Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results on Tuesday, August 1, 2017
SAN CARLOS, Calif., July 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:IOVA), a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL)...


June 27, 2017
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.
Name change reflects company’s focus in advancing the field of immuno-oncologyCompany to trade on NASDAQ under ticker IOVA at market open on June 28, 2017SAN...


June 5, 2017
Lion Biotechnologies Announces Updated Data at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting from Ongoing LN-144 Phase 2 Clinical Trial
Data show clinically-meaningful outcomes in advanced metastatic melanoma patients who were all refractory to anti-PD-1 and most to anti-CTLA-4 with a median of three prior...


All News
















Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Join











 







						Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc Has Cut Its Fedex (FDX) Stake; Lion Biotechnologies Has 1.42 Sentiment - Bibey Post								







 


















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc Has Cut Its Fedex (FDX) Stake; Lion Biotechnologies Has 1.42 Sentiment


					
						July 25, 2017 - By Linda Rogers

Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc decreased Fedex Corp (FDX) stake by 24.71% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc sold 10,359 shares as Fedex Corp (FDX)’s stock declined 2.24%. The Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc holds 31,555 shares with $5.88 million value, down from 41,914 last quarter. Fedex Corp now has $57.77B valuation. The stock rose 1.18% or $2.5 reaching $215.18. About 451,586 shares traded. FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) has risen 19.02% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 2.32% the S&P500.







Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., formerly Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $399.05 million. The Firm is focused on the development and commercialization of cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient’s own immune system to eradicate cancer cells. It currently has negative earnings. The Company’s lead program is an adoptive cell therapy utilizing tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, which are T cells derived from patients’ tumors, for the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Analysts await Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:IOVA) to report earnings on August, 14. They expect $-0.34 EPS, down 47.83% or $0.11 from last year’s $-0.23 per share. After $-0.33 actual EPS reported by Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 3.03% negative EPS growth. 
 About 96,645 shares traded. Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc (LBIO) has risen 13.28% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 3.42% the S&P500.
Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc increased Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stake by 4,140 shares to 21,427 valued at $2.47M in 2016Q4. It also upped Jpmorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) stake by 140,549 shares and now owns 447,215 shares. Capital One Finl Corp (NYSE:COF) was raised too. 
Analysts await FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) to report earnings on September, 19 after the close. They expect $3.19 earnings per share, up 10.00% or $0.29 from last year’s $2.9 per share. FDX’s profit will be $856.43 million for 16.86 P/E if the $3.19 EPS becomes a reality. After $4.25 actual earnings per share reported by FedEx Corporation for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -24.94% negative EPS growth. 
Investors sentiment is 0.93 in 2016 Q4. Its the same as in 2016Q3. It is flat, as 62 investors sold FDX shares while 367 reduced holdings. only 108 funds opened positions while 290 raised stakes. 196.16 million shares or 1.84% more from 192.62 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Sandy Spring Savings Bank, Maryland-based fund reported 3,224 shares. Green Square Limited Liability accumulated 16,966 shares. Benin Corporation invested in 2.21% or 25,815 shares. Mutual Of America Capital Mngmt Limited Company owns 43,190 shares. Swiss Natl Bank invested 0.21% in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX). Alleghany De reported 1.64% of its portfolio in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX). Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds Voor De Media Pno reported 75,700 shares. Front Barnett Assoc Ltd Liability Corp holds 2.97% of its portfolio in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) for 82,585 shares. Buckingham Asset Management Ltd Limited Liability Company accumulated 3,035 shares. Weatherly Asset Management Limited Partnership reported 5,160 shares stake. Virginia Retirement Sys Et Al owns 0.09% invested in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) for 34,500 shares. M&T Savings Bank Corporation invested in 182,102 shares or 0.21% of the stock. First Allied Advisory Services, Missouri-based fund reported 7,377 shares. 1,104 were accumulated by Mcrae Mngmt. Massachusetts-based Delphi Mngmt Ma has invested 1.45% in FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX).








By Linda Rogers
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Euclid Advisors Decreased By $466,200 Its Icon Plc (ICLR) Stake, River and Mercantile Group PLC (LON:RIV) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


Virtus Investment Advisers Has Boosted Lincoln Natl Ind (LNC) Holding; Takung Art (NYSEMKT:TKAT) SI Decreased By 58.33%


Fdx Advisors Has Raised Its Nucor Com (NUE) Stake, Last Week Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) Coverage


Compton Capital Management Upped Honeywell International (HON) Stake By $870,550; Profile of 1 Analysts Covering Columbia Banking System (COLB)


Nikko Asset Management Americas Raised Entergy (ETR) Holding; 3I GROUP ORDINARY (TGOPF) Sellers Increased By 1.75% Their Shorts


Franklin Resources Has Cut Its Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Stake, Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Shorts Decreased By 0.19%


Brown Brothers Harriman & Co Has Lifted Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position By $1.99 Million; Ack Asset Management Boosted Valmont Industries (VMI) Position


Pomelo Capital Has Boosted Its Navistar Intl New (Put) (NAV) Stake, Profile of 3 Analysts Covering Amerisur Resources plc (LON:AMER)


Eam Investors Increased Mueller Water Products  (MWA) Position, Teleflex (TFX) Shorts Up By 16.1%


Wexford Capital LP Cut Enlink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Holding; Connors Investor Services Has Lowered By $1.19 Million Its Nutrisystem (NTRI) Stake







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact













Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc: NASDAQ:IOVA quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceIovance Biotherapeutics Inc(NASDAQ:IOVA)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc  (Public, NASDAQ:IOVA)  
Watch this stock
 




















6.15


-0.25
(-3.91%)



After Hours: 6.15
0.00
(0.00%)
Jul 25, 5:09PM EDT  
NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD








Range

6.12 - 6.47



52 week

4.90 - 9.58



Open

6.45



Vol / Avg.

201,693.00/385,889.00



Mkt cap

386.48M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-1.96



Shares

62.35M



Beta

4.53



Inst. own

88%





































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add IOVA to my calendars





May 1, 2017
Q1 2017 Lion Biotechnologies Inc Earnings Call -






May 1, 2017
Q1 2017 Lion Biotechnologies Inc Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-
-

Operating margin
-
-

EBITD margin
-
-

Return on average assets
-50.70%
-38.12%

Return on average equity
-52.38%
-75.55%

Employees
51
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
999 Skyway RdSAN CARLOS, CA 94070-2721United States
- Map+1-650-2607120 (Phone)+1-302-7301370 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.iovance.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Healthcare > Industry: Bio Diagnostics & Testing

More from FactSet »










Description




Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., formerly Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient's own immune system to eradicate cancer cells. The Company's lead program is an adoptive cell therapy utilizing tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, which are T cells derived from patients' tumors, for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. As of December 31, 2016, it had an on-going Phase II clinical trial of its lead product candidate, LN-144, TIL for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. The Company is developing LN-145 to treat cervical and head and neck cancers. It is collaborating with the National Cancer Institute to evaluate unmodified TIL in other solid tumor indications, such as ocular melanoma, bladder, breast and lung cancer. It is collaborating with the NCI to evaluate TIL in combination with the checkpoint inhibitor, Keytruda.


More from Reuters »












Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service


Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. - 首页 | Facebook













Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介照片点评帖子社群创建主页社群查看全部65 位用户赞了65 位用户关注了3 位用户来过简介全部纽约 112 W 34th St, Fl 18th 10120, NY+1 212-946-4856Contact Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. on Messengerwww.lionbio.com工商业 · 生物科技公司人气65 位用户赞了3 次访问类似主页White Horses杂志Michael Jordan - State Farm Agent金融服务Feisty Blue Gecko个人博客工商业 在纽约中地点纽约生物科技公司Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017点评Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. 还没有任何点评。你打几分？全部帖子Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年10月8日 · Lion obtains exclusive license from NIH to develop TIL in 4 new indications.Lion Biotechnologies Obtains Exclusive License from NIH to Develop and Commercialize TIL in...NEW YORK, October 7, 2015 — Lion Biotechnologies (Nasdaq: LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that it has obtained an exclusive, worldwide license from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年9月14日 · Lion initiates Phase 2 study of lead product candidate, LN-144, in treatment of refractory metastatic melanoma. "As we continue to evaluate the safety and efficacy of LN-144 in this study, we also look forward to assessing the feasibility of manufacturing TIL on a commercial scale," said CEO Elma Hawkins.Lion Biotechnologies (LBIO) Commences LN-144 Phase 2 EnrollmentLion Biotechnologies (NASDAQ: LBIO) announced that it has opened enrollment in a Phase 2 clinical trial of its lead product candidate, LN-144, for the treatment of refractory metastatic...streetinsider.com全部帖子Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年6月8日 · We're pleased to welcome Molly Henderson, CPA, as our new CFO!Lion Biotechnologies Names Molly Henderson Chief Financial OfficerLOS ANGELES, CA (June 8, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced the appointment of Molly Henderson, CPA, as chief financial officer, effective immediately.   Pre…us3.campaign-archive2.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年5月20日 · Catch Lion CEO Dr. Elma Hawkins at upcoming investor conferences.Lion Biotechnologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences | Lion BiotechnologiesLOS ANGELES, May 19, 2015 — Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO) announced that president and CEO Elma Hawkins, PhD, will participate in following upcoming investor conferences:lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年4月8日 · The NCI's Dr. Steve Rosenberg treats a melanoma patient with TIL in final episode of PBS documentary "Cancer: The Emperor of All Maladies?"Watch now: Cancer: The Emperor of All Maladies | Finding the Achilles Heel | PBS VideoSee the ups and downs in the search for a cure and see promising immunotherapy treatments.video.pbs.org|来自 PBSLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年4月8日 · NCI publishes study on HPV-TIL showing complete regressions in patients with metastatic cervical cancer in Journal of Clinical Oncology.www.nasdaq.comnasdaq.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年3月31日 · NCI study shows complete regression of metastatic cervical cancer after treatment with tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL).Complete Regression of Metastatic Cervical Cancer After Treatment With Human...Presented in part at the 87th Semiannual Meeting of the Gynecologic Oncology Group, San Antonio, TX, July 18-21, 2013; 28th Annual Meeting of the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer, National Harbor, MD, November 8-10, 2013; 50th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, Chicago,…jco.ascopubs.orgLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年3月31日 · TIL-ipilimumab combination treatment shows promise in Phase 1 clinical trial in metastatic melanoma at Moffitt Cancer Center.Lion Biotechnologies Announces Positive Data from a TIL-Ipilimumab Combination Study in Melanoma...LOS ANGELES, CA (March 30, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that researchers from Moffitt Cancer Center reported positive results from a pilot tria…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年3月3日 · Lion to present at Cowen healthcare conference on March 4 with webcast.Lion Biotechnologies to Present at Cowen and Company’s 35th Annual Healthcare Conference | Lion...LOS ANGELES, March 2, 2015 — Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO) announced that president and CEO Elma Hawkins, PhD, will present at Cowen and Company’s 35th Annual Healthcare Conference on Wednesday, March 4, 2015.  Dr. Hawkins will present at 8:40 a.m. EST.lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年2月27日 · Lion prices offering of 8 MM shares of common stock at $8 per share.Lion Biotechnologies Prices Public Offering of Common Stock | Lion BiotechnologiesLOS ANGELES, CA (February 26, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of 8,000,000 shares of its common stock at a…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. 分享了链接 · 2015年2月27日 · Lion Biotechnologies Announces Public Offering of Common Stock | Lion BiotechnologiesLOS ANGELES, CA (February 25, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that it intends to offer and sell, subject to market conditions, shares of its common stock…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年2月27日 · Lion announces uplisting to Nasdaq!Lion Biotechnologies Announces Its Listing on the Nasdaq Global Market | Lion BiotechnologiesLOS ANGELES, CA (February 24, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (OTCQB: LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that it has received approval to list its common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market. …lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年2月27日 · Veteran CFO Ryan Maynard joins Lion's board as director and chair of audit committee.Lion Biotechnologies Appoints Ryan Maynard Director and Chair of Audit Committee | Lion...LOS ANGELES, CA (February 17, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that its board of directors has appointed Ryan Maynard to serve as a director and chair of t…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年2月27日 · NIH grants Lion another exclusive license to develop and commercialize next-generation TIL technologies that may substantially boost potency, while reducing time and cost of manufacture.Lion Biotechnologies Obtains Exclusive License from NIH for Next-Generation TIL Technology |...LOS ANGELES, CA (February 11, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that it has obtained an exclusive, worldwide license from the National Institutes of Health…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年2月27日 · Lion now has exclusive rights from NIH to develop and commercialize TIL therapies in metastatic melanomaLion Biotechnologies Obtains Exclusive License from NIH to Develop and Commercialize TIL Therapy...LOS ANGELES, CA (February 10, 2015) – Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that it has obtained an exclusive, worldwide license from the National Institute of Health (…lbio.comLion Biotechnologies, Inc. · 2015年2月2日 · Lion gets FDA clearance to begin new, Phase 2, multi-center study in 20 patients with refractory metastatic melanoma.Lion Biotechnologies Announces Allowance of IND Application to Begin New Phase 2 Study in...LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (LBIO), a biotechnology company that is developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has allowed its investigational new d…globenewswire.com更多






Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. Nasdaq:IOVA









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.




















June 27, 2017 08:00 ET

 | Source: Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.






Name change reflects company’s focus in advancing the field of immuno-oncology Company to trade on NASDAQ under ticker IOVA at market open on June 28, 2017 SAN CARLOS, Calif., June  27, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:IOVA), a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) technology, today announced that it changed its corporate name from Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. The company’s new NASDAQ ticker symbol “IOVA” will be effective at the open of the market on June 28, 2017. The former ticker symbol “LBIO” will remain effective through the market close today, June 27, 2017. The new website for Iovance Biotherapeutics is www.iovance.com. “Our new name better represents our leadership in the field of immuno-oncology and reflects the strong progress we have made since we laid out our revised business plan last year. Our robust pipeline based on our TIL technology, partnerships with leading institutions and strides in manufacturing demonstrates our commitment to rapidly developing therapies that will change the lives of patients with solid tumors,” said Dr. Maria Fardis, PhD, MBA, Chief Executive Officer of Iovance Biotherapeutics.   As the company prepares to expand its clinical trials into Europe, with a planned submission to European health authorities in the second half of 2017, this name change allows the company the opportunity to develop a strong and unique global brand that reflects the recent advancements in evaluating TIL therapy in new indications. About Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (formerly Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.)Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of cancer immunotherapy products for the treatment of various cancers. The Company's lead product candidate is an adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) technology being investigated for the treatment of patients with refractory metastatic melanoma, metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck and metastatic cervical carcinoma. For more information, please visit http://www.iovance.com. Forward-Looking Statements Certain matters discussed in this press release are “forward-looking statements”. We may, in some cases, use terms such as “predicts,” “believes,” “potential,” “continue,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “may,” “could,” “might,” “will,” “should” or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. In particular, the Company’s statements regarding trends and potential future results are examples of such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the success, timing and cost of our ongoing clinical trials and anticipated clinical trials for our current product candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of the trials; the timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates; the Company’s ability to successfully defend its intellectual property or obtain the necessary licenses at a cost acceptable to the Company, if at all; the successful implementation of the Company’s research and development programs and collaborations; the success of the Company’s license agreements; the acceptance by the market of the Company’s product candidates, if approved; and other factors, including general economic conditions and regulatory developments, not within the Company’s control. The factors discussed herein could cause actual results and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by such statements.  A further list and description of the Company’s risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov or www.iovance.com. The forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstance. Investor Relations Contact: 
Sarah McCabe
Stern Investor Relations, Inc.
212-362-1200
sarah@sternir.com

Media Relations Contact:
Evan Smith/Kotaro Yoshida
FTI Consulting
212-850-5622/212-850-5690 
evan.smith@fticonsulting.com
kotaro.yoshida@fticonsulting.com


Related Articles
other press releases by IOVA/Iovance


Iovance Biotherapeutics to Host Conference Call to Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results on Tuesday, August 1, 2017
July 25, 2017 08:00








Profile

IOVA/Iovance





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  San Carlos, California, UNITED STATES
  http://www.lbio.com




Contact Data
Investor Relations Contact: 
Sarah McCabe
Stern Investor Relations, Inc.
212-362-1200
sarah@sternir.com

Media Relations Contact:
Evan Smith/Kotaro Yoshida
FTI Consulting
212-850-5622/212-850-5690 
evan.smith@fticonsulting.com
kotaro.yoshida@fticonsulting.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



IOVA/Iovance  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.














Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name To Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. - Pg.2 - TheStreet






























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name To Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.






GlobeNewswire



Jun 27, 2017 8:00 AM EDT













 


















































  Forward-Looking Statements Certain matters discussed in this press release are "forward-looking statements". We may, in some cases, use terms such as "predicts," "believes," "potential," "continue," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. In particular, the Company's statements regarding trends and potential future results are examples of such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the success, timing and cost of our ongoing clinical trials and anticipated clinical trials for our current product candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of the trials; the timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates; the Company's ability to successfully defend its intellectual property or obtain the necessary licenses at a cost acceptable to the Company, if at all; the successful implementation of the Company's research and development programs and collaborations; the success of the Company's license agreements; the acceptance by the market of the Company's product candidates, if approved; and other factors, including general economic conditions and regulatory developments, not within the Company's control. The factors discussed herein could cause actual results and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by such statements.  A further list and description of the Company's risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov or www.iovance.com. The forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstance.   Investor Relations Contact: Sarah McCabeStern Investor Relations, Inc.212-362-1200sarah@sternir.comMedia Relations Contact:Evan Smith/Kotaro YoshidaFTI Consulting212-850-5622/212-850-5690 evan.smith@fticonsulting.comkotaro.yoshida@fticonsulting.com   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Biotech Movers: Lion Biotechnologies, XBiotech, Halozyme
Lion Biotechnologies, XBiotech and Halozyme Therapeutics were among the biotech movers in premarket trading on Friday.



Armie Margaret Lee

May 19, 2017 9:16 AM EDT
























For These Small-Cap Biotech CEOs, Stock Promotion, Not Drug Development, Was Priority No. 1
An SEC enforcement action uncovers the deep involvement and brazen misbehavior of biotech CEOs in an illegal stock promotion scheme.



Adam Feuerstein

Apr 11, 2017 1:46 PM EDT
























These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Ignite Soon
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under-$10 stocks that could break out soon.



Roberto Pedone

Mar 9, 2017 12:40 PM EST
























Lion Biotechnologies: Is This Tiny Biotech Company Ready to Roar?
Analysts are calling for shares in this small immunotherapy developer to nearly double in the next 12 months. But with no profit or revenue, is it a safe bet?



Chiradeep BasuMallick

Jun 6, 2016 2:03 PM EDT








































 











Trending


AMD's Blowout Second Quarter Got a Boost From the Cryptocurrency Mining Craze


Alphabet Did Nothing to Push S&P 500 and Nasdaq to Fresh Records


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


Facebook's Q2 Results Should Make Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Wish He Had Accepted a $3B Buyout Offer











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 


























Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. - NASDAQ.com









































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for IOVA


View Print Version
                        
More from GlobeNewswire



Iovance Biotherapeutics to Host Conference Call to Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results on Tuesday, August 1, 2017
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.



Referenced Stocks


IOVA
67%
Rate It





Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.


By GlobeNewswire,  June 27, 2017, 08:00:00 AM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A










Name change reflects company's focus in advancing the field of immuno-oncology


Company to trade on NASDAQ under ticker IOVA at market open on June 28, 2017

SAN CARLOS, Calif., June  27, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:IOVA), a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) technology, today announced that it changed its corporate name from Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. The company's new NASDAQ ticker symbol "IOVA" will be effective at the open of the market on June 28, 2017. The former ticker symbol "LBIO" will remain effective through the market close today, June 27, 2017. The new website for Iovance Biotherapeutics is www.iovance.com.
"Our new name better represents our leadership in the field of immuno-oncology and reflects the strong progress we have made since we laid out our revised business plan last year. Our robust pipeline based on our TIL technology, partnerships with leading institutions and strides in manufacturing demonstrates our commitment to rapidly developing therapies that will change the lives of patients with solid tumors," said Dr. Maria Fardis, PhD, MBA, Chief Executive Officer of Iovance Biotherapeutics.  
As the company prepares to expand its clinical trials into Europe, with a planned submission to European health authorities in the second half of 2017, this name change allows the company the opportunity to develop a strong and unique global brand that reflects the recent advancements in evaluating TIL therapy in new indications.
About Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.(formerly Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.)Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of cancer immunotherapy products for the treatment of various cancers. The Company's lead product candidate is an adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) technology being investigated for the treatment of patients with refractory metastatic melanoma, metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck and metastatic cervical carcinoma. For more information, please visit http://www.iovance.com.
Forward-Looking Statements Certain matters discussed in this press release are "forward-looking statements". We may, in some cases, use terms such as "predicts," "believes," "potential," "continue," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "may," "could," "might," "will," "should" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. In particular, the Company's statements regarding trends and potential future results are examples of such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the success, timing and cost of our ongoing clinical trials and anticipated clinical trials for our current product candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of the trials; the timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, our product candidates; the Company's ability to successfully defend its intellectual property or obtain the necessary licenses at a cost acceptable to the Company, if at all; the successful implementation of the Company's research and development programs and collaborations; the success of the Company's license agreements; the acceptance by the market of the Company's product candidates, if approved; and other factors, including general economic conditions and regulatory developments, not within the Company's control. The factors discussed herein could cause actual results and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied by such statements.  A further list and description of the Company's risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company's subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov or www.iovance.com. The forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstance.
Investor Relations Contact:
Sarah McCabe
Stern Investor Relations, Inc.
212-362-1200
sarah@sternir.com

Media Relations Contact:
Evan Smith/Kotaro YoshidaFTI Consulting
212-850-5622/212-850-5690
evan.smith@fticonsulting.comkotaro.yoshida@fticonsulting.com







Source: Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.





                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            IOVA,
 LBIO




Latest News Video

Chance of storms each afternoon thi... 








Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







Applied Materials Is Grabbing a New CFO From NXP Semiconductors. That's Great News for...Qualcomm?


						7/25/2017 07:47 PM
					



Why Foot Locker, Inc. Stock Has Lost 35% This Year


						7/25/2017 07:45 PM
					



Better Buy: Raytheon Company vs. Northrop Grumman


						7/25/2017 07:41 PM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
South Alabama Property Receives CSX Select Site Designation
GameStop and ThinkGeek Bring Comic-Con to You





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $14
                  (129%  upside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    100%
                  

                of 6 analysts


                    Latest:     Rodman & Renshaw | buy | $13  | 
                                              05/10
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for LBIO  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)


















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Advancing Immuno-Oncology - Iovance Biotherapeutics
























































☰





Announcing Iovance Biotherapeutics (Formerly Lion Biotechnologies)







IOVANCE is working to cure cancer, developing transformative immuno-oncology TIL therapies harnessing a patient's immune system.
DISCOVER








TIL (Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes) technology is an ideal cancer therapy targeting heterogeneous solid tumors.
EXPLORE








TIL's unique qualities include single treatment, no maintenance or follow-up therapy, and broad-spectrum antigen specificity ideally suited for many solid tumor cancers.
LEARN









ADVANCING IMMUNO-ONCOLOGY 
IOVANCE Biotherapeutics is focused on the development and commercialization of autologous cellular immunotherapies optimizing personalized, tumor-directed Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes (TIL) 





CLINICAL TRIALS 
IOVANCE is conducting three Phase 2 clinical trials to assess the efficacy and safety of autologous Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes for treatment of patients with Metastatic Melanoma, Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck and Cervical Cancer.
C-144-01 is a multicenter clinical trial now recruiting patients with Metastatic Melanoma at various sites in the US.
C-145-03 is a multicenter clinical trial now recruiting patients with Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck (SCCHN) at various sites in the US.
C-145-04 is a multicenter clinical trial now recruiting patients with Cervical Carcinoma at various sites in the US.
Learn



 


Latest News



News 

July 25, 2017
Iovance Biotherapeutics to Host Conference Call to Discuss Second Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results on Tuesday, August 1, 2017
SAN CARLOS, Calif., July 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:IOVA), a biotechnology company developing novel cancer immunotherapies based on tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL)...


June 27, 2017
Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. Changes Name to Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc.
Name change reflects company’s focus in advancing the field of immuno-oncologyCompany to trade on NASDAQ under ticker IOVA at market open on June 28, 2017SAN...


June 5, 2017
Lion Biotechnologies Announces Updated Data at 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting from Ongoing LN-144 Phase 2 Clinical Trial
Data show clinically-meaningful outcomes in advanced metastatic melanoma patients who were all refractory to anti-PD-1 and most to anti-CTLA-4 with a median of three prior...


All News
















Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Join











 













Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


