Patent US5550897 - Cellular telephone calling system using credit card validation - Google PatentsMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsPatentsThe cellular telephone credit card calling system works in conjunction with a cellular telephone, a local cellular network and an IXC in a telecommunications network. The cellular telephone has a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together by a power and a communications bus. A credit card interface...http://www.google.com.ar/patents/US5550897?utm_source=gb-gplus-sharePatent US5550897 - Cellular telephone calling system using credit card validationAdvanced Patent SearchTry the new Google Patents, with machine-classified Google Scholar results, and Japanese and South Korean patents.Publication numberUS5550897 APublication typeGrantApplication numberUS 08/336,168Publication date27 Aug 1996Filing date8 Nov 1994Priority date25 Sep 1992Fee statusLapsedPublication number08336168, 336168, US 5550897 A, US 5550897A, US-A-5550897, US5550897 A, US5550897AInventorsAbe SeidermanOriginal AssigneeSeiderman; AbeExport CitationBiBTeX, EndNote, RefManPatent Citations (13), Non-Patent Citations (4), Referenced by (94), Classifications (30), Legal Events (8) External Links: USPTO, USPTO Assignment, EspacenetCellular telephone calling system using credit card validation
US 5550897 AAbstract
The cellular telephone credit card calling system works in conjunction with a cellular telephone, a local cellular network and an IXC in a telecommunications network. The cellular telephone has a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together by a power and a communications bus. A credit card interface unit is coupled to the bus. The interface unit has a credit card reader and an electronic system which initially validates the credit card. The cellular telephone also includes electronic circuitry which establishes a first telephone communications link with the network and transmits, via the transceiver unit for the phone, to the network, credit card data, a cellular telephone ID data and the telephone number input into the handset by the user. Upon receipt of at least the credit card data, a network transceiver verifies the validity of the user's credit card. After the credit card has been validated by the IXC through a verification or validation computer service, the network transceiver then completes a further telephonic communications link between the cellular telephone, operated by the user, and the telephonic device associated with the input telephone number, that is, the third party's telephone. Since the network transceiver does not complete the call to the third party prior to validation of the user's credit card, the system operates in real time. Further, in a preferred embodiment, the network transceiver provides some type of indication to the credit interface unit that the credit card has been validated. Thereafter, the user is permitted to make additional cellular telephone calls without requiring further validation of the credit card data by the network transceiver.

Images(8)        Claims(22)
What is claimed is:
 
1. A cellular telephone calling system with a credit card call accounting and billing component, said cellular telephone calling system including a plurality of cellular telephones wherein users charge cellular telephone calls to credit cards, each said cellular telephone having access to a telecommunications network including a cellular telecommunications component and a credit card verification component comprising:a cellular telephone having a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together via a communications bus, said communications bus carrying audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals between said handset and said transceiver unit, said handset adapted to accept a destination telephone number from said user as part of initiating a telephonic communications link with a telephonic device corresponding to said destination telephone number; a credit card interface unit coupled to said communications bus, said interface unit having means for selectively monitoring, blocking, modifying and passing said audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals between said handset and said transceiver unit; a credit card data input device coupled to said interface unit; as part of said interface unit:means for blocking all said audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals except emergency signals until said user inputs his or her credit card data into said card data input device; means for inserting a predetermined call placement telephone number into at least one of said audio transmission signals and data transmission signals along with said credit card data and said destination telephone data and for sending such data and signals to said telecommunications network via said transceiver and said communications bus; said telecommunications network having:a network transceiver associated with said call placement telephone number, said network transceiver receiving said credit card data and said destination telephone data from said cellular telephone transceiver and having means for ascertaining the validity of said credit card data with said credit card verification component before completion of said telephonic communications link between said cellular telephone and said telephonic device corresponding to said destination telephone number.   

  
2. A cellular telephone system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said credit card data input device is a credit card reader and wherein said communications bus is configured as a cable extending between said handset, said credit card interface and said transceiver.

  
3. A cellular telephone system as claimed in claim 2 wherein said interface includes means for sending said call placement telephone number, said credit card data and said destination telephone data to said telecommunications network all in a single, telecommunications data transfer.

  
4. A cellular telephone system as claimed in claim 3 wherein said means for blocking includes means for passing emergency signals configured as destination telephone numbers such as "0" and "911" emergency telephone numbers input by said user, said means for passing including means for sending said emergency signals to said telecommunications network without said credit card data.

  
5. A cellular system for a cellular telephone having access to a telecommunications network including a cellular communications component and a credit card verification component comprising:a cellular telephone having a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together via a communications bus; a credit card interface unit coupled to said bus, said interface unit having means for reading and initially validating a credit card; means for establishing a first telephonic communications link with said telecommunications network and for transmitting to said network credit card data, cellular telephone id data and input telephone number data respectively corresponding to said credit card, to said cellular telephone and to a telephone number input by a user into said handset; said telecommunications network having:a network transceiver having means for ascertaining the validity of said credit card data during said first telephonic communications link and before completion of a further telephonic communications link between said cellular telephone and a telephonic device corresponding to said input telephone number; wherein said cellular telephone includes a user selectable means for displaying a plurality of free call destinations and for permitting selection of one of said plurality of free call destinations, each said free call destination having corresponding free call telephone number data associated therewith; said interface unit having means for substituting the free call telephone number data for the input telephone number data upon selection by said user.  

  
6. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said means for establishing utilizes a predetermined call placement telephone number to call said network transceiver and establish said first telephonic communications link except for said free call telephone number date.

  
7. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said network transceiver includes record keeping means for storing information relating to said credit card data, said cellular telephone id data and validation data, and includes means for correlating all calls associated with a respective cellular telephone id data with said credit card data.

  
8. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said interface unit includes means for generating audible user prompts and system condition pronouncements during one or more from the group of obtaining credit card data and initially validating said credit card data.

  
9. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said interface means includes means for blocking chargeable calls from said cellular telephone if said credit card data is not validated by said initial validation means and said means for ascertaining validity at said network transceiver.

  
10. A cellular system as claimed in claim 9 wherein said interface unit includes means for generating audible user prompts and system condition pronouncements during one or more from the group of obtaining credit card data, initially validating said credit card data and upon activation of said means for limiting.

  
11. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said further communications link is inclusive within said first communications link.

  
12. A cellular system as claimed in claim 11 wherein said interface unit includes call clearance means for determining the accuracy of transmission of data to said network transceiver unit, for confirming validity of said credit card data and for sending said input telephone number data and said cellular telephone id data to said transceiver unit, said network transceiver including handshake communications means for confirming accurate receipt of data from said call clearance means and for acknowledging validation of said credit card data by said means for ascertaining, said call clearance means sending said cellular telephone id data and said telephone number input data for all calls to said network subsequent to confirmation of validity.

  
13. A cellular system as claimed in claim 12 wherein said means for ascertaining the validity of said credit card data as part of said network includes means for establishing a supplemental telephonic communications link with a validation computer system in order to ascertain the validity of said credit card data.

  
14. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said credit card interface unit includes programmable means for placing free, non-credit card calls to a plurality of destinations, said programmable means being programmable from said handset of said cellular telephone.

  
15. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said credit card interface unit includes programmable means for electronically blocking predetermined classes of input telephone number data, said programmable means being programmable from said handset of said cellular telephone.

  
16. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said means for ascertaining the validity of said credit card operates in real time with said first telephonic communications link.

  
17. A cellular system as claimed in claim 5 wherein said credit card data is stored in memory at said network transceiver.

  
18. A method of operating a cellular telephone system by charging cellular telephone calls to users' credit cards comprising the steps of:providing a plurality of cellular telephones having access to a telecommunications network, said network including a cellular telecommunications component with a particular telecommunications switch associated with a predetermined call placement telephone number, and a credit card verification component; providing each cellular telephone with a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together via a communications bus; said communications bus carrying audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals between said handset and said transceiver unit; providing an interface interposed between said handset and said transceiver, said interface having a credit card data input device; said interface selectively monitoring, blocking, modifying and passing said audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals between said handset and said transceiver unit; blocking all said audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals except emergency signals until said user inputs his or her credit card data into said card data input device; gathering credit card data via said interface; gathering a destination telephone number data via said handset; inserting said predetermined call placement telephone number into at least one of said audio transmission signals and data transmission signals along with said credit card data and said destination telephone data; sending, to said telecommunications network, said call placement telephone number, which directs the cellular telephone call to said particular telecommunications switch, said credit card data and said destination telephone data; in the telecommunications network, verifying said credit card data via said credit card verification component, prior to completing a cellular telephone telecommunications call to said destination telephone; completing said cellular telephone telecommunications call to said destination telephone; and recording and charging said user's credit card after termination of said cellular telephone telecommunications call to said destination telephone. 

  
19. A method as claimed in claim 18 wherein said credit card data input device is a credit card reader and the method includes providing said communications bus in a cable extending between said handset and said transceiver, including the step of swiping said credit card through said reader as part of the step of gathering said credit card data.

  
20. A method as claimed in claim 19 wherein said handset is provided with a display and the method includes the step of displaying, to said user that said portable cellular telephone is locked out and unable to complete a call unless the user inputs his or her credit card data via said interface.

  
21. A method as claimed in claim 20 wherein the step of sending said call placement telephone number, said credit card data and said destination telephone data to said telecommunications network all occurs in a single, telecommunications data transfer.

  
22. A method of operating a cellular telephone system by charging cellular telephone calls to users' credit cards comprising the steps of:providing a plurality of cellular telephones having access to a telecommunications network, said network including a cellular telecommunications component with a particular telecommunications switch associated with a predetermined call placement telephone number, and a credit card verification component; providing each cellular telephone with a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together via a communications bus; said communications bus carrying audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals between said handset and said transceiver unit; providing an interface interposed between said handset and said transceiver, said interface having a credit card data input device; said interface selectively monitoring, blocking, modifying and passing said audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals between said handset and said transceiver unit; blocking all said audio transmission signals, audio receive signals, data transmission signals and data receive signals except emergency signals until said user inputs his or her credit card data into said card data input device; gathering credit card data via said interface; gathering a destination telephone number data via said handset; inserting said predetermined call placement telephone number into at least one of said audio transmission signals and data transmission signals along with said credit card data and said destination telephone data; sending, to said telecommunications network, said call placement telephone number, which directs the cellular telephone call to said particular telecommunications switch, said credit card data and said destination telephone data, all in a single, telecommunications data transfer; in the telecommunications network, verifying said credit card data via said credit card verification component, prior to completing a cellular telephone telecommunications call to said destination telephone; completing said cellular telephone telecommunications call to said destination telephone; and recording and charging said user's credit card after termination of said cellular telephone telecommunications call to said destination telephone. 

 
Description
This is a continuation of application Ser. No. 08/030,675 filed on Mar. 11, 1993 now U.S. Pat. No. 5,388,148 which was a continuation-in-part of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 07/743,972 filed on Sep. 25, 1992.
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
The present invention relates to a cellular telephone calling system which verifies credit card data and charges the user's credit card upon completion of the telephone call to the third party.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,860,336 to D'Avello (herein D'Avello) discloses a cellular phone coupled to a credit card reader. A processor in the phone initially verifies the credit card information, i.e., expiration date etc. The phone has lighted indicators informing the user (a) to swipe the card through the reader, (b) to "Please wait," and (c) "Sorry." A visual display also shows "Hello." The processor determines if the new card data matches the last card validated by the unit. If so, the processor permits the user to call from the cellular phone. If the card data does not match, the cellular phone dials up a registration computer. A two way communications link is established such that the registration computer validates the card, by checking the computer's data base, and then sends a validation code to the cellular phone. The registration computer, after validation or rejection of the card, disconnects the cellular telephone link with the phone. The cellular phone then permits the user to place as many phone calls as necessary. The cellular phone, before or after validation, permits 911 calls. The phone has an electronic lock-out which prohibits calls if a call timer limit is exceeded, if the car door is open or after a power-up of the phone (unless the card matches the last validated card). The phone can be programmed by the registration computer.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,965,821 to Bishop discloses a cellular phone installed in a rental car. The cellular phone has a credit card reader 234. The phone detects an open car door. The user selects a rental car and the phone issues visual indicators prompting the customer to insert his or her credit card. The phone initially validates the card, i.e., checks the expiration date. The phone also issues voice prompts to instruct the user regarding the steps to rent the car. The phone communicates with another computer via a cellular network. This computer validates the card and determines whether the car selected by the user conforms to a corporate profile stored in the computer. For example, is the user permitted to rent a luxury car, or has his or her company limited rentals to compact cars? After validation, the computer communicates with the processor in the phone and validates the transaction. The user drives the car to a booth at the exit of the lot and receives and signs a car rental agreement. This agreement is also electronically stored in the phone.
OBJECTS OF THE INVENTION
It is an object of the present invention to provide a cellular telephone and an associated calling system which verifies credit card information during a first portion of a telephonic communications link and then, after such verification, completes the call to a designated third party.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a calling system whereby the user's credit card is billed for such completed calls.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a cellular phone calling system which verifies credit card data in real time.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a calling system which, after initial verification of the credit card through a verification computer system, does not require additional credit card verification for subsequent telephone calls unless power is withdrawn from the phone unit.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a calling system whereby, once the cellular telephone user logs into the cellular network and his or her credit card is verified, third parties may call the user through the cellular network and such calls are billed to the user's credit card.
It is an additional object of the present invention to permit multiple credit card calls as long as the power is supplied to the cellular telephone.
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
This is a summarization of the functional specification of the present invention. Upon entering the rental car, the driver turns on the ignition. A voice prompt in the processor (located in a credit car interface unit between a cellular telephone handset and a corresponding transceiver unit)announces "Thank you for using Alamo Rent-a-Car." Each time the cellular telephone is powered up, this procedure occurs. The display on the interface is lit by an electroluminescence light including three flashing-arrows indicating where the credit card needs to be swiped. At this stage, the customer can initiate one of four functions (represented by buttons on the interface):
A. FREE Call--911--Emergency.
B. A FREE pre-programmed 800 number customer service call to the rental car agency for assistance.
C. Auto redial which enables the user to activate the processor and redial the last destination telephone number until the connection is made, e.g., if a busy signal was encountered.
D. Provide instructions by issuing voice prompts to the user. These prompts are available in multiple languages to instruct the user regarding placement of a call.
At any time, the customer can swipe a credit card through the card reader in the interface. The processor captures and checks the credit card number and expiration date on track two of the card. The expiration date is verified by the real time clock coupled to the processor. More particularly, the processor in the interface conducts a Luhn check on the credit card data to determine if the card has been altered or forged. Further, the processor checks the expiration date of the card against a real time clock. This feature is important because if the card is not initially validated by the processor, the system rejects the card and eliminates the need for further validation of the credit card data at the telecommunications network.
If the processor determines that the expiration date or the card is not valid, it then issues a voice response advising, "Please swipe another card," and the three lighted arrows continue to flash. If the credit card is accepted by the processor, then the three arrows stop flashing and become permanently lit.
A voice prompt then advises the customer to dial a ten digit destination telephone number: 1+area code+number. Upon inputting the destination telephone number, the processor immediately dials an 800 number (a call placement number) to a telecommunications network which includes a local cellular carrier and an IXC (most likely through a long distance carrier).
The telecommunications network includes a local cellular operating carrier (providing an initial link between the cellular phone and a telecommunications network), a dedicated direct line (800 phone line, sometimes referred to herein as a call placement number) and an IXC (Inter Exchange Carrier). The IXC is a company that receives calls, validates a credit card and proceeds to bill the credit card user. After the cellular phone is connected to the IXC during a first telecommunications link, the IXC, in three seconds, establishes a separate, supplemental data telephone link between the IXC and a credit card validation computer, e.g., a computer system owned by Control Data Corp. The validation computer system reviews its data base files to determine if the credit card is good. Thereafter, the validation computer approves or rejects the card. If approved, the validation computer sends, via the supplemental or data telecommunications link, an approval code (a three digit code) authorizing the use of the card. The IXC then accepts the code and stores the code in its memory along with the credit card data. See the Call Detail Record Table in the Detailed Description. The IXC then connects the cellular telephone with the destination telephone. This secondary link is a further telecommunications link between the cellular phone, the IXC and the destination telephone.
More particularly, upon initially completing the circuit between the cellular phone and the IXC, the IXC transmits a dial tone back to the processor. The processor then forwards a stream of information to the IXC. This information includes the identification (serial number) of the processor (a terminal ID number), the credit card number and the destination telephone number. The IXC places this information into memory and holds this information in the event additional calls are made by the user. The processor advises the customer that his credit card has gone out for validation. In particular, a card accepted or "PHONE USED" flag is transmitted by the processor before the credit card data. If the card accepted flag is high (indicating a previous validation by the IXC), the processor does not send the credit card data. See the Call Protocol Table in the Detailed Description. If the card accepted flag is low, the IXC submits the credit card for validation, to a validation service (normally a computer), and waits for the authorization number. Upon receipt of authorization, the IXC processes the designation number and the call is completed.
The customer can place additional calls by dialing his or her ten digit destination telephone number at which time the processor submits the ID of the processor (the TID) and the destination telephone number to the IXC. The IXC has retained the credit card number and the ID number of the processor. The time necessary to complete the circuit for a post-validation call is approximately half the original credit card processing time. This post-validation call procedure provides a major cost savings. As long as power to the processor has not been interrupted, it is not necessary to re-swipe a credit card.
The following is the functional specification of the third party call-in system. The customer informs the third party that "You can reach me by dialing a specified 800 number and when you hear a tone dial a ten digit number 1+area code+telephone number." The third party would dial the 800 number, hear a tone and then dial a ten digit number which would then dial up the processor in the vehicle. This occurs at the IXC. Earlier, the customer in the rental car would have swiped his or her credit card and initially placed the aforementioned call to the third party. By so doing, the user has put in memory at the IXC the processor ID number and the credit card number. This enables the third party to backtrack to the customer in the rental vehicle to complete the circuit back to the rental car customer. The time and charges can be recorded on the user's credit card that is being held in memory at the IXC.
The following is a generalized description of the system. The cellular telephone credit card calling system includes at least one a cellular telephone and a telephone network. The telephone network, which includes a local cellular network, one or more long distance carriers, various switches and an IXC, also includes a credit card verification system. As an example, the cellular telephone can be mounted in an automobile and used by one or more people renting the automobile. The cellular telephone has a handset and a transceiver unit coupled together by a power and a communications bus. A credit card interface unit is coupled to the bus. The interface unit has a credit card reader and an electronic system which initially validates the credit card, for example, by checking the expiration date data magnetically imprinted within the credit card. The cellular telephone also includes electronic circuitry which establishes a first telephone communications link with the telephone network and transmits, via the transceiver unit in the phone, to the network, credit card data, a cellular telephone ID data and the telephone number input into the handset by the user (sometimes referred to herein as the "input telephone number" or the "destination telephone number"). The network has a network transceiver (normally at the IXC) which receives the credit card data, the cellular telephone ID data and the input telephone number data. Upon receipt of at least the credit card data, the network transceiver verifies the validity of the user's credit card. After the credit card has been validated through a verification or validation computer service, the network transceiver then completes a further telephonic communications link between the cellular telephone, operated by the user, and the telephonic device associated with the input telephone number, that is, the third party's telephone. Since the network transceiver does not complete the call to the third party prior to validation of the user's credit card, the system operates in real time. Further, in a preferred embodiment, the network transceiver provides some type of indication to the credit interface unit that the credit card has been validated. Thereafter, the user is permitted to make additional cellular telephone calls without requiring further validation of the credit card data by the network transceiver. This significantly reduces the time of the cellular telephone call. In a working embodiment, the credit card data can be validated through the network transceiver in 30-60 seconds. After the validation at the network level, all subsequent calls by the user are completed in approximately 10-20 seconds. In order to establish this particular credit card cellular calling system, the user normally inputs the third party telephone number as a long distance telephone number. The credit card interface unit places a call to the network transceiver using a particular, predetermined call placement telephone number. In one embodiment, that predetermined call network telephone number is an 800 access number.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS
Further objects and advantages of the present invention can be found in the detailed description of the preferred embodiment when taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings in which:
FIG. 1 diagrammatically illustrates the cellular telephone, credit card interface, cellular network and credit card billing system;
FIGS. 2A, B and C diagrammatically illustrate a flow chart of the system showing the steps for the cellular telephone credit card calling system;
FIG. 3 diagrammatically illustrates a credit card verification routine to positively verify credit card data at the cellular network and by the validation system;
FIG. 4 diagrammatically illustrates the major components in the credit interface unit;
FIGS. 5A and 5B illustrate a detailed flow chart of the interface program; and
FIG. 6 diagrammatically illustrates the major system components of a cellular telephone having an integrated credit card reader therein.
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENT
The present invention relates to a cellular telephone calling system which has a credit card verification and billing component as part of the system.
FIG. 1 diagrammatically illustrates the system which includes a cellular telephone having a handset 10 and a transceiver unit 12. In one working embodiment, a UNIDEN CP1500 cellular telephone is utilized. The CP 1500 cellular telephone is manufactured by Uniden America Corporation. Customarily, handset 10 and transceiver unit 12 are electrically coupled together by a communications bus 14. This hardware configuration is commonly used in conjunction with mobile cellular telephones. UNIDEN has established a particular communications protocol between handset 10 and transceiver unit 12. With respect to the UNIDEN telephone, this communications cable or bus 14 is a bundle of 14 wires consisting of audio transmission (TXR) wire, audio receive (RCR) wire or cable, data TXR and data RCR, power lines as well as the following cables or wires shown in the Pass Through Table below.
PASS THROUGH TABLE
Power (2x)
Ground
NX
X1
X2
Hook
A credit card interface unit 16 intercepts communications signals present on four of the 14 lines, that is, Audio TXR, Audio RCR, Data TXR and Data RCR, and obtains its power from the power line but otherwise passes through all the other supplemental communications and power cables or wires 8w between handset 10 and transceiver unit 12. The details of the interception of Audio TXR, Audio RCR, Data TXR and Data RCR are discussed later. The communications protocol and wiring system is believed to be functionally substantially similar in all mobile cellular telephones. Accordingly, the present invention is not limited to UNIDEN cellular phones. Also, the present invention can be embodied into a single unit, that is, an integral unit having a credit card reader, a transceiver and a credit card interface system to control the processing of the credit card calls. In the working embodiment, handset 10 includes a hand held unit 18 which is electrically coupled to cradle 20 via spiral flex cord 22. Hand unit 18 includes, as is customary with most cellular or mobile telephones, luminescent display device 22, numerous function keys 24, and numerous telephone TOUCH-TONE type dial keys 26. Two function keys, the Send (S) key and the End (E) key are related to the cellular telephone calling system discussed herein. All cellular telephones have these function keys. Other than the features specifically discussed herein, the cellular telephone, which includes handset 10 and transceiver unit 12, is constructed as is customary in the industry and operates in the same manner as is customary in the industry.
As discussed in detail hereinafter, signals applied to the audio lines (Audio TXR and Audio RCR) are generally tone or DTMF signals, whereas electronic signals on the data lines (Data TXR and RCR) are digitally formatted. In order to describe the present invention, signals are referred with respect to handset 10 such that DTMF signals on Audio TXR are sent from the handset and most likely from hand unit 18 through credit card interface 16 and ultimately to transceiver 12. In contrast thereto, signals representing audible responses from the cellular network or voice prompts generated by credit card interface 16, are applied to the Audio receive RCR line leading to handset 10.
It is important to note that credit card interface 16 simply interrupts certain audio and data lines extending between handset 10 and transceiver unit 12 (in addition to tapping power from the powerline designated as part of 8w in FIG. 1). In other respects, the cellular telephone (handset 10 and transceiver 12) has not been modified in any manner. As is customary, transceiver unit 12 is fed power from power source 30 which, in the preferred embodiment, is a power source from an automobile.
As background, a cellular telephone operates in the following manner. In general, the user, after powering up the cellular telephone by depressing one of the function keys 24 on handset 10, would depress a number of telephone input keys 26. These key strokes would be displayed on luminescent display 22. Other operational data may also be displayed on display 22. However, the display principally shows the input telephone number. After visually confirming the input telephone number, the user will depress the Send or S key, which is part of function keys 24. Customarily, the cellular telephone will then be connected to a local cellular system and ultimately to the destination telephone. The telephone will send certain pieces of information to transceiver unit 12. This information includes a cellular telephone ID or identification number as well as the input or destination telephone number data. This information is convened to the appropriate radio frequency by transceiver unit 12 and applied to antenna 32. Antenna 32 then transmits the radio frequency signals to antenna 34 which is part of local cellular network or carrier 46.
According to the present invention, local cellular carrier 46 is electronically coupled and is part of the telecommunications network 36 that includes switch 48, telephone company lines 50 and call record system 49. Items 48 and 49 are embodied as an IXC in the present embodiment. The telecommunications network creates a call detail record for that telephonic communications link which includes credit card data, data representing the cellular telephone ID number (in order to bill the user), and may additionally include the destination phone number or the input telephone number. Ultimately, the telecommunications network connects the user through various telephone systems represented in FIG. 1 by TEL. CO. to a destination telephonic device 38 where the third party resides. Hopefully, the third party will answer the call and a telephonic communications link will be established between the user at handset 10 and the third party at destination telephonic device 38. Upon completion of the call (represented by a disconnect signal on the line), the telecommunications network will complete the call detail record which includes, among other things, the time, day and length of the call. The IXC will periodically (i.e. daily) rate the call detail records (convert the record into telephone call charges) and a bill for these charges will be created and processed through the system.
Most importantly in the present invention, interface 16 initially verifies the credit card data, then calls a particular IXC within the telecommunications network where the credit card data is further validated through a validation or verification computer system 47. Upon verification, which takes about 20-30 seconds, the telecommunications network (i.e., the IXC) then initiates a further telephonic communications link establishing a fully functional communications link between the user at handset 10 and the third party at destination telephonic device 38. Upon completion of this call, the telecommunications network (IXC) compiles the call detail record, rates the call and periodically generates a bill for the call on the credit card for the user. For all post-validation calls by the user, the system will not validate the user's credit card (as long as power is supplied to the phone). Further details of this system are discussed below with respect to FIGS. 2A, 2B and 2C.
An important feature of the present invention is the user-friendliness of the system. The system incorporates a voice synthesizer which prompts the user to do certain acts and Norms the user of each step involved in placing and verifying the call. The system flow chart begins in FIG. 2A at initialization and power up start step 110. At voice response (VS) step 112, credit card interface 16 generates DTMF electronic signals and places those signals on Audio receive (RCR) line to handset 10. These DTMF signals are synthesized voice prompts which are played through speaker 27 in hand unit 18 such that the user is informed of certain system conditions. The following Voice Response Table shows an exemplary list of available voice prompts for the preferred embodiment cellular telephone calling system.
VOICE RESPONSE TABLE
0 Use your Visa, MasterCard, or American Express card.
1 Please contact card issuer.
2 Please swipe again now.
3 Unable to read magnetic stripe.
4 I am sorry.
5 Call cannot be completed as dialed.
6 Phone not equipped for International Calling.
7 To place your call
8 Dial area code+number for 7 digit local number.
9 Welcome to
10 Rent-a-car
11 Thank you
12 One moment please
13 Your credit card information is being verified
14 Please send
15 Press End
16 Hertz
17 Dollar
18 Avis
19 National
20 Avon
21 Commercial
22 Enterprise
23 Freedom
24 We are experiencing difficulties
25 Try your call later
As illustrated, voice response or VS step 112 informs the user as follows: "Welcome to Hertz Rent a Car. To place your call, use your Visa, MasterCard, or American Express card."
Of course, VS step 112 could refer to different rental companies, that his, voice responses 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, or could refer to other companies programmed into credit card interface unit 16. The Voice Response Table identified above is only exemplary and shows the flexibility of the present system.
In step 114, interface unit 16 opens the Audio TXR and Data TXR lines extending from handset 10 to transceiver 12. When these lines are open, the user cannot place a call. Step 114 also initializes the circuits in the credit card interface 16.
Step 116 provides a visual prompt to the user to swipe his or her credit card. This visual prompt is a set of blinking lights one of which is light 40 on interface unit 16 in FIG. 1. The vertically aligned lights, e.g., light 40, blink sequentially and visually prompt the user to swipe his or her credit card through credit card reader slot 42 (FIG. 1). In addition, step 116 can provide a further voice response such as "Please swipe your credit card." This is identified in the step as VSn. The opening of the Audio TXR and Data TXR line between handset 10 and transceiver unit 12 prohibits the user from sending DTMF signals (from telephone number input keys 26) or data signals, particularly the Send signal (from function keys 24) to transceiver unit 12. In addition to the visual prompts (the blinking lights 40) and the audio prompts (VSn), credit card interface unit 16 has a display 44 showing what type of credit cards the unit accepts, that is, Visa, MasterCard or American Express. As an alternate embodiment, display 44 could be an electronic display unit that can be programmably altered. These features prompt the user, upon entering the rental car, to immediately insert his or her credit card into the interface, receive information regarding the type of card accepted by the system and receive information regarding the making of telephone calls. Additionally, due to the blocking of audio and digital signals from handset 10 to transceiver 12, the user cannot override the credit card interface system (explained below) without swiping or inputting his credit card data into the system.
Returning to the flow chart diagram of the system in FIG. 2A, decision step 118 determines whether the user has activated one of the free call interrupt controls identified as keys A-D on the face of credit card interface unit 16 (FIG. 1). The table which follows shows the function and the labels associated with the free call interrupt controls.

 ______________________________________FREE CALL CONTROLSPush Button Id     Display Label  Function______________________________________A         Redial         Redials last telephone #B         Press for Instructions                    Voice Prompted                    InstructionsC         Customer Service                    Calls Car Rental                    telephone#D         911-Emergency  Calls 911______________________________________
As shown above in the Free Call Control table, the user can redial the last telephone number input (the input telephone number data), can obtain further voice prompts regarding instructions to use the cellular telephone credit card calling system, can directly call the rental company or can place an emergency 911 call. Functions C and D permit the user to bypass the credit verification features of the system and directly call a predetermined telephone number (the car rental company or company providing the credit card cellular service) or the 911 emergency operator. This feature is encompassed within auto dial step 120 in FIG. 2A. Step 122 occurs at cellular network 46 illustrated in FIG. 1. The cellular network, upon receipt of the car rental company phone number or the 911 emergency phone number, would pass that number through to switch 48, telephone company lines 50, and ultimately to the appropriate destination telephonic device 38. Since certain portions of the credit card calling system are implemented at cellular network 46 (FIG. 1), as compared to steps implemented by the credit card interface, the network steps are shown in the system flow chart (FIGS. 2A, 2B, 2C) as parallelograms. The establish and disconnect telephone link step 122 occurs at the network. In contrast, the auto dial step, represented by a rectangle, occurs at the cellular phone. The free call to the predetermined destination (car rental company) involves the following steps:
CUSTOMER SERVICE ROUTINE
1. Sense user activated free call control interrupt.
2. Retrieve rental car customer service telephone no. from memory.
3. Form telephone call file with telephone no. and TID and MID (for rental car co.).
4. Place call through cellular network.
5. At cell net, log call with TID and MID (car rental).
6. Connect with rental car co.
7. Disconnect.
8. At cell net, update call record.
9. Bill rental car co. for call.
Upon activation of, for example, free call interrupt control C, credit card interface 16 retrieves the rental customer service telephone number from its memory. The interface then forms a telephone call file with either the predetermined call placement number for cellular network 46 (FIG. 1) or a predetermined free call number associated directly with the car rental company. As described in detail later, this telephone call file usually includes merchant identification number (MID), cellular telephone terminal identification number (TID), a destination telephone number (the car rental company number), and other data specifically linked to the credit card which is not used during the free calls.
In the current embodiment of the invention, the telephone call file for a free call formed by credit card interface 16 includes the call placement telephone number needed to reach a particular cellular network 46, the MID, the TID (cellular telephone ID), and the destination telephone number (rental car company). This information is transmitted via the cellular network RF link to the cellular network 46. At the network transceiver, the network compiles a call detail record as shown in step 124 in FIG. 2A. The call detail record (as explained in detail later), includes the MID, TID, destination telephone number (car rental company) and certain other time keeping information such as the time, day, and length of call. Upon completion of the telephone call as noted by the hanging up of the user (by depressing E, the End function 24 on handset 10), cellular network 46 completes the call detail record and rates the call by assigning a monetary value for the call. At cellular network step 126, a bill is produced and, in the working embodiment, sent directly to the car rental company. From the cellular telephone stand point, the system returns to visual prompt step 116. For emergency 911 calls, no bill is generated.
In addition to the free calls to the rental companies and 911 emergency calls, the user sees display 52 (FIG. 1) which reveals a further list of free calls. An exemplary Free Call List table is shown below.

 ______________________________________FREE CALL LISTSpeed Dial No. Vendor         Type______________________________________01             Sands Point    Food02             Sands Point    Golf03             Sands Point    Tennis04             Joe's Stone Crab                         Food05             Marriott Airport                         Lodging______________________________________
Display 52 can be a physical display or an electronic display that can be altered by programming credit card interface 16. As shown in the Free Call List above, the user is given a speed dial number, a vendor and the type of goods or services provided by that vendor. Preferably up to 20 free call vendors can be listed in display 52. The Free Call List is an advertising device that (a) advertises goods and services offered by particular vendors; (b) provides additional financial revenue to the car rental company which carries the cellular credit card system; (c) provides cross-promotion of restaurants, hotels and tourist attractions; and (d) provides additional financial revenue to the cellular network implementing the credit card calling system. For example, if the user wanted to play golf, he or she would depress the "Recall" function key, depress 02 on telephone input keys 26 on handset 10 (FIG. 1), then depress function key SEND (S) in function group 24. The speed dial numbers for the vendors have been programmed into handset 10. Credit card interface unit 16 monitors the Audio transmission TXR line and detects a correspondence between the free call telephone number and the list of free call telephone numbers stored in its memory. Upon a positive comparison between the free call list and the memory of interface unit 16, interface unit 16 then initiates the telephone call. In the working embodiment, this call uses the call placement telephone number which dials into a particular cellular network. This call placement number in the working embodiment is an 800 long distance access telephone number. Upon clearance by the cellular network and the formation of a call detail record (the network recognizes free calls by a comparison routine), the cellular network 46 then completes the call to the destination in the free call list. The cellular network 46 further compiles a list of an free calls made by the user since each call detail record includes a cellular telephone ID (TID) and then can either bill the vendor on the free call list, the car rental company, or absorb the expenses for the cellular telephone call as a cost of doing business and obtain advertising revenue from the vendors on the free call list. Since most rental car customers rent cars in unfamiliar jurisdictions, these customers are provided with an easy way to use local goods and services. The flexibility provided by the present invention (the free call vendor list can be changed electronically by programming interface 16 via handset 10) enhances the overall commercial acceptance of the device. Further, car rental companies may offset some of the cost of the credit card calling system by collecting the advertising revenues from the vendors shown on the free call list.
Rather than program the speed dial memory in the handset 10 such that free call numbers are retrieved therefrom, the credit card interface may have its own speed dial memory. In this embodiment, the user would, for example, depress a "Free Call Activation" key on interface 16 (similar to interrupt controls A-D), depress the speed dial code on handset key pad 26, depress Send function key (pad 24) and the interface unit would then place the call to the vendor over the cellular network. In a further embodiment, interface unit 16 could include speed dial function keys.
Assuming that the user has not activated the free call interrupt controls or the free call list, the following occurs.
In the most ordinary case, the user would not activate the free call interrupt control or place a call to a vendor on the free call list. In such situations, the program follows the NO branch from decision step 118 to the swipe credit card step 130. To visually prompt the user, step 116 continues to flash sequential lights 40 in an effort to motivate the user to insert his or her credit card into the interface by sliding the magnetic strip of the credit card through reader track 42 (FIG. 1). Upon inputting the credit card data into interface 16, step 132 stores the credit card data in the memory of the interface. Decision step 134 is a card digit and count check. In other words, the interface initially verifies that the correct sequence of credit card data have been input and stored into its memory. In addition, decision step 134 determines whether the card data has been received within a certain frequency parameters (that is time parameters). If not, the NO branch is taken from step 134 and in step 136 the memory is cleared. Step 138 is a voice response VS step which informs the user "I am sorry. Unable to read magnetic stripe. Please swipe again now". The local program in the credit card interface unit 16 then returns to the visual prompt step 116.
If the YES branch is taken from decision step 134, in decision step 140, the interface unit 16 checks the credit card expiration date and data. For example, a Visa card may have a certain data format which differs from MasterCard, American Express etc. These formats can be confirmed against a memory check in interface unit 16. Further, the magnetic data stored on each credit card includes an expiration date. The interface includes a clock and a calendar system such that if the expiration date of the credit card exceeds the current date stored within interface unit 16, the NO branch is taken and memory is cleared in step 142. Again, a voice response step 144 informs the user that the card cannot be used by stating "I am sorry. Please contact card issuer." These voice responses are shown in the Voice Response Table above. Of course, additional voice responses could be provided to the user including a response that the credit card has expired and a request that the user insert another credit card into the system. From step 144, the program in the credit card interface 16 returns to the visual prompt step 116.
In one embodiment, the credit card interface processor is designed and engineering to read the entire Track II from Visa and MasterCard credit cards and pass it in an unaltered state to either the user's authorization database or it's agent. This data track on the card includes the CVC (Visa) and CVV (MasterCard) codes for consumer fraud, the expiration date, primary account number, service code field and pin verification fields. The interface processor maintains an internal clock that validates the expiration data information, and performs a Luhn or number sanity check to insure there are sufficient numbers in the account number field and that the proper algorithm has been employed. If it becomes necessary to read and analyze data on Track I or both Tracks I and II, the processor can be re-engineered to comply with the regulations.
In an ordinary situation, the credit card data would be initially validated by the credit card interface unit 16. This initial validation is a confirmation of the accuracy of receipt of the electronic data from the card, a correspondence or data format for a particular card, the time frequency for the receipt of the information, and the confirmation that the card has not expired. Voice response step 146 informs the user "To place your call, please dial the area code and the seven digit telephone number." The user inputs a long distance telephone number even though he or she wishes to make a local phone call. The reasons for the input of a long distance phone number is discussed hereinafter. Decision step 148 determines whether the telephone number input into the credit card interface 16 is correctly input by checking the time receipt of that information (t) and determining whether the user has in fact input the telephone number as a long distance phone call. If the NO branch is taken from step 148, voice response step 150 informs the user that the call cannot be completed as dialed. See Voice Response Table items 4 and 5. If the YES branch is taken form decision step 148, decision step 152 determines whether the input telephone number data corresponds to a lock out telephone code. The following Lock Out Call Table shows various lock out telephone codes.
LOCK OUT CALL TABLE
011 (International)
10 (International)
976 (Bill caller)
1-976 (Bill caller)
1-900 (Bill caller)
For example, the present system does not allow the user to dial an international call or to dial a telephone call which bills the caller. The interface unit 16 can be programmed by activating telephone key pad 26 in handset 10 thereby changing the lock out call table to add new lock out call or delete certain lock out call. Interface 16 can be programmed by inputting a special key code into the handset. The interface monitors the Audio TXR line and, upon receipt of the DTMF signals representing the key code, permits the programmer to change the lock out codes, free call list call placement number, and other critical but variable data in the system. The phone controller or interface permits programming regarding the following features: restricted phone number (such as 976's, 900, etc can be accepted or rejected by the unit); IXC or call placement phone numbers; and the order in which the stream of characters are sent out to the telecommunications network, particularly the IXC.
For instance, in a second working embodiment, the credit card number followed by the destination number is sent out in a single stream of characters. This communications protocol is different than the protocol generally described herein in which the stream of characters is partitioned into three segments: phone identification number, credit card information, and destination phone number. Furthermore, in the second embodiment, the user is required to slide his or her credit card through the cellular phone card reader prior to every call made. These changes were made by modifying the program installed in the credit card interface or phone processor. These changes were easily implemented because of the flexibility obtained my making the unit fully programmable.
If the YES branch is taken from decision step 152, the user is informed that his or her call cannot be completed in voice response 154. See Voice Response Table items 4 and 6. If the NO branch is taken from decision step 152, the user in step 156 strikes the Send (S) key in function key pad 24 of handset 10. This Send key electronic code is placed on the Data TXR line by handset 10. Alternatively, interface 16 could monitor Audio TXR and determine by a time out routine that the user wants to place a call after entering the long distance destination number into the handset. In this situation, it is not necessary to depress the Send key. As is customary in the industry, the input telephone number has been placed on the Audio TXR line by handset 10. Credit card interface 16 also provides an echo of the input telephone number which is applied, as is customary in the industry, on Audio receive RCR line. In step 158, the input telephone number data is stored in the memory of credit card interface 16.
The system flow charts shown in FIGS. 2A, 2B, 2C are linked together by jump point A shown in FIGS. 2A and 2B and, particularly, jump point E shown in FIGS. 2B and 2C. Other jump points return to intermediate steps and are identified in the figures as jump points B, C, D, and F.
In FIG. 2B, interface unit 16 forms a telephone call file in step 160. The following table shows the telephone call Me in a working embodiment.
TELEPHONE CALL FILE
800 LD Access #(AT&T; MCI; Cellular World)
MID (Merchant Id#)
TID (Terminal Id#)
Destination Tel #
CR CD Data
Card Accepted Flag (YES/NO)
In the working embodiment, the telephone call file uses a predetermined call placement number which is an 800 long distance access number through a cellular telephone network to an IXC in a telecommunications network which is identified in the industry as Cellular World. Since certain components of the cellular telephone credit card system include processing data at the telecommunications network (particularly the billing of the user's credit card), in the working embodiment, all calls in the system are placed to one predetermined call placement telephone number. However, if several cellular networks participated in the system, different call placement numbers would be used. As discussed later, all calls placed to a designated telephone by the user are, in fact, placed with the call placement telephone number unique to a certain IXC in a telecommunications network. The telephone call file formed by interface 16 also includes cellular telephone ID data which is similar to or equivalent to the terminal ID (TID) customarily associated with credit card purchases in the consumer transaction industry. The merchant ID (MID) may designate the car rental company, or other entities which will be compensated by the bank for the credit card call. The cellular telephone ID number is similar or identical to the terminal ID number (TID). In the credit card transaction industry, the TID is normally associated with a particular terminal which verifies credit card data.
In the working embodiment, the IXC electronically submits the credit card transaction data with the TID, MID, credit card number and validation approval code to the user's bank or credit card issuer. The credit card issuer pays the network which in turn pays various entities, such as the car rental company, the local cellular phone network, etc. Since the call placement number is an 800 long distance access number, the calling system works throughout the U.S. Since long distance access procedures normally require the user to input an area code to call a particular destination, the present system utilizes these features and requires the user to dial an area code even though he or she wants to make a local call.
The destination telephone number is the equivalent of the input telephone number data input by the user using the telephone key pad 26 in handset 10 of FIG. 1. The credit card data stored in the telephone call file represents the data obtained from the credit card by the credit card reader and interface 16. The credit card accepted flag is a positive or negative statement (YES/NO) which indicates whether the credit card has been validated through the validation system described hereinafter and associated with the telecommunications network. Initially, the credit card accepted flag is set to NO as part of the initialization step 114 in FIG. 2A.
Step 162 closes certain audio and digital communications paths between handset 10 and transceiver 12. Step 164 transmits the call file from interface 16 via transceiver 12 to telecommunications network. As is customary in the industry, the transmission of information is echoed by transceiver 12 back to display 22 in handset 10. The Audio RCR and Data RCR signal paths are closed to produce this echo. Accordingly, the user is informed that (a) the cellular phone has dialed the particular call placement telephone number unique to a certain IXC in a telecommunications network, (b) the MID and TID have been sent, and (c) the credit card data has been sent to the network. Decision step 166 determines whether the first telephonic communications link has been established between the cellular telephone (consisting of handset 10, transceiver 12, interface 16) and the IXC in telecommunications network. If the NO branch is taken from decision step 166, voice response step 168 indicates to the user that he or she must try the call later. The local program in the interface unit then jumps, via jump step B, to the voice response step 146 which again informs the user to place the call through the system using a long distance phone number. The destination telephone number is removed from the call file memory.
If the YES branch is taken from decision step 166, voice response step 170 informs the user that his/her credit card information is being verified by the network. As stated earlier, the parallelogram about step 172 indicates that the IXC in telecommunications network executes the step. At that network, certain information is stored for processing. Network decision step 174 determines whether the card accepted flag is set YES or NO. Network decision steps are shown as having a double line on the right side of the decision diamond. Local decisions made by the cellular phone are shown as single line diamonds. In the working embodiment, a certain communications protocol has been established between the cellular telephone and the cellular network. The Call Protocol Table shows that communications protocol.
CALL PROTOCOL TABLE
1. Dial predetermined cell net number.
2. Handshake (acknowledge, no ack., retry).
3. Send cell. phone id. (TID).
4. Handshake
5. Send cr. cd. data and card accept flag
6. Handshake (ack. only if card validated or if flag YES)
7. Send destin. tel. #
8. Handshake
9. Establish comm. link with destin. tel.
As is shown in the above table, the cellular telephone calls the telecommunications network using the determined call placement telephone number. The network provides a handshake which is basically an acknowledgment (Ack.) that the first telecommunications link has been established between the network and the cellular telephone. If the network has not accepted the placement number, the network sends a NO acknowledgment signal and the cellular phone retransmits the information at least once. In step 3 of the protocol, the cellular telephone sends the cellular telephone ID to the cellular network. This ID at least includes the TID and may further include the MID. The network then provides a handshake (an acknowledgment or a NO acknowledgement) and then, if acknowledged, the phone sends the credit card data and the card accept flag. The card accept flag, as stated above, is either YES that the card has been previously accepted or NO the card has not been previously accepted. The card accepted flag is sometimes referred to herein as the phone used flag. The network then acknowledges receipt of that data if the card accept flag is set to YES.
If the card accept flag is set to NO, the IXC in the telecommunications 47 network, before sending the acknowledgment (step 6), calls a validation vendor system in step 176. The NO branch is taken from network decision step 174. After calling the validation vendor (step 176), which is normally a computerized credit card validation service, network decision step 178 determines whether the credit card has been accepted by the validation vendor's computer. In other words, in the credit card transaction industry, there are completely computerized credit card validation services that validate credit cards in real time. The telecommunications network described herein electronically calls one of those credit card validation services and obtains verification of the validity of the credit card before completing the second portion of the telephonic communications link to the third party. This is a supplemental data telecommunications link.
FIG. 3 shows a brief flow chart of this type of validation. In step 180, the basic credit card data is checked by the validation computer system. For example, is the credit card a valid Visa credit card with the correct numbers? Has the credit card been reported stolen? Step 182 determines the velocity of use (the number of times per predetermined period that the credit card user has used the credit card, e.g., more than 30 times per day), whether the credit card use falls within certain parameters and exceeds certain thresholds. For example, a validation service may determine that, once credit has exceed a $1,000.00 spending parameter through multiple transactions over a one day period, the credit card user will be called by the credit card company. In step 184, the credit card validation service either accepts or rejects the credit card. In step 186, that acceptance or rejection data is sent back to the IXC in telecommunications network (FIG. 1). This may be an approval code.
The interface processor is configured to interface with specific authorization and validation vendors to receive an "OK TO USE" approval code prior to completing the first call between the user and the destination phone. Initially the credit card will be employed as the payment option which requires an authorization vendor (ultimately Ceridan TeleMoney) to provide the proper fraud control mechanisms for the system and to insure that a timely response to the IXC's validation request is received by the processor (in the form of an acknowledgment). As the calling system expands, other third party validation communication networks will be employed to secure the proper validation to approve the credit card track environments for other payment options.
Network decision step 178, upon receiving the rejection code from the credit card validation company, follows the NO branch and enters network step 190. A reject code is noted and this data is linked with the credit card data in call detail record file formed at the network. The network then refuses to send the acknowledgment to the cellular phone, noted as step 5 in the Call Protocol Table, and after a certain time out period (for example, 30 seconds), interface unit 16 disconnects the first telephonic communications link between it and the network in local step 192. Thereafter, interface unit 16 executes voice response step 194 which informs the user that he or she must contact the credit card issuer. As part of the initial validation at interface unit 16, the interface unit may also execute decision step 196 which determines whether the credit card number input by the user has been twice rejected by the IXC in telecommunications network. If it has, the YES branch is taken and the system powers down in step 198. Steps 196 and 198 are optional. If the NO branch is taken, the local program in interface unit 16 passes to jump point D which precedes voice response step 112 (the initial voice response step) in FIG. 2A.
Again assuming that the credit card has been accepted by the validation service and by the network (network decision step 178), the YES branch is taken and the network executes step 210, wherein the network forms a partial call detail record. Returning to network decision step 174, if the card accepted flag code is YES or high (from the phone), the YES branch from that decision step also leads to network step.210 forming the partial call detail record file. The Call Detail Record Table which follows shows the information present in the call detail record.
CALL DETAIL RECORD TABLE
MID
TID
Destin. tel. #
CR CD Data
Authorization Code
Time, Day
Length
Cost
In interface 16, local decision step 212 determines whether an excessive amount of time has passed (a time out function) since the cellular phone sent the credit card data (step 5 in the Call Protocol Table) to the network. If so, the YES branch is taken and voice response step 214 informs the user that the system is experiencing difficulties and requests the user to try the call later. The local program in interface 16 then jumps to jump point C in FIG. 2A which precedes local decision step 148. If the time has not run out in local decision step 212, the IXC in telecommunications network in network step 216 completes the first portion of the call, sends an acknowledgment or handshake (step 6--Call Protocol Table) and obtains the destination telephone number (the input telephone number data) from credit card interface unit 16 via transceiver 12 (step 7--Call Protocol Table). Since the credit card has been invalidated in accordance with standard credit card validation procedures (through a validation computer system), the call detail record is updated to log in the authorization code obtained from the validation system. In addition, the time and day of the call is noted in the call detail record, as well as the start time of the call. At the local level in interface unit 16, step 218 sets the card accepted flag to YES. This occurs based upon the acknowledgment from the network in step 6 in the Call Protocol Table. In other words, the IXC in the telecommunications network would not acknowledge the credit card and request the sending of the destination telephone number unless the credit card has been independently validated through the validation computer system. After local step 218, the flow chart goes to jump step E in FIG. 2C. Local step 220 monitors Data TXR line and the user such that when the user presses the End E function key (function key pad 24) on handset 10, interface 16 notes the end of the call. An electronic signal is placed on Data TXR commensurate with the End call signal made by the user's depression of key E. Network step 222 then disconnects the telephone call. Optionally, the IXC in the telecommunications network senses a disconnect tone on the line. Thereafter, the IXC will send a disconnect signal to the interface. The interface 16 will decode the signal and disconnect the cellular link with cellular network 46 without depression of the End Key. This reduces cellular network time.
In network step 224, the telecommunications network completes the call detail record. The call detail record includes the total length of the call. The IXC in the network rates this call and includes a dollar amount to be charged to the user's credit card. After network step 224, the system flow chart separates such that the path below circle 226 occurs at the cellular network, whereas the path below circle 228 occurs at the local cellular telephone.
At the network (circle 226), the call is rated in step 230. This rating can occur in the call record system 49 shown in FIG. 1. In FIG. 1, the communication between the telecommunications network and the credit card validation system 47 is shown by double lines extending from switch 48 to validation system 47. Network step 232 sends this credit card charge to a credit card clearance center. These clearance centers (shown by double lines leading to billing system 51 in FIG. 1) are well known in the credit card transaction industry and are available to electronically process this financial information for many types of credit card vendors. The electronic sending of the credit charge information to the clearance center is represented in FIG. 1 by the double line extending between call record system 49 and billing system 51. Returning to FIG. 2C, network step 234 clears the credit card charges and settles those charges by billing the user's credit card, and transmitting funds to the appropriate entity.
Particularly, after the call is completed, the IXC in the telecommunications network tabulates or rates the call. If additional calls are made by the user, these call are fed through the IXC, logged with the user's credit card and rated. At the end of the day, the IXC batches the call record data for all users and submits the data to MasterCard, Visa, American Express etc. for payment.
At that time, payment is made by the credit card companies to the operator of the system, i.e., the company who leases the IXC, the 800 call placement number and contracts with the car rental company to install the cellular phones made in accordance with the principles of the present invention.
At the end of each month, the operator of the system receives bills from the local cellular carrier for all air time used in conjunction with certain cellular phone IDs (TIDs), from the lessor of the 800 call placement number, from the IXC for data management services and from the validation company. The latter bill is based upon the dollar amount validated by the service. The operator of the system then pays these bills.
Returning to the local cellular telephone (circle 228), at local decision step 236, a determination is made whether the power is still being supplied to the cellular telephone. If the NO branch is taken, step 238 clears the telephone call file and step 240 is the end of the local program. If the YES branch is taken, step 240 monitors the Audio TXR line from handset 10 to interface 16. If the user waists to place another call from telephone key pad 26, the DTMF signals will appear on the Audio TXR line. In step 242, interface unit 16 determines whether the input telephone number data conforms to frequency and format (long distance format) and whether the number is a locked out telephone number. In step 246, the newly input telephone number is stored in memory and in step 248 a new telephone call file is formed. Of course, since the credit card data has already been initially locally validated by interface 16 and then subsequently validated prior to completion of the first call by the telecommunications network, the telephone call file stored in interface 16 has the card accepted flag set to YES. Since the card accepted flag is set to YES, actual validation of the credit card by the telecommunications network is not necessary. Accordingly, the local program in interface 16 jumps, via jump point F, to FIG. 2B the transmit call file with timing and echo step 164.
To summarize these major features, the interface unit initially places a call to a specific IXC in a telecommunications network. At the telecommunications network, a protocol has been established such that the cellular telephone will send the network transceiver the cellular telephone ID number (TID) and credit card data. Thereafter, the telecommunications network then calls a credit card validation service to determine, in real time, whether the credit card data is valid and acceptable. Once the credit card data has been validated by the validation and verification service computer, the telecommunications network then obtains the input telephone number from the cellular phone and establishes a further telephonic communications link between the cellular telephone and the telephonic device corresponding to the input telephone number. This is very different from other prior art cellular telephone credit card calling systems.
In the prior art systems, the communications link between the telecommunications network computer or switch and the user of the cellular telephone is disrupted or broken after the initial verification of the credit card. Thereafter, the cellular telephone user must make a second, independent telephonic communications link with the destination telephone device.
FIG. 4 diagrammatically illustrates the major system components of credit card interface unit 16.
The credit card interface unit 16 includes pin connectors 310 and 312 respectively coupled to handset 10 and transceiver 12. Jumper 314 indicates that the 8 lines or wires 8w (FIG. 1) are directly connected to handset 10 and transceiver 12. Please refer to the Pass Through Table set forth above. The Audio TXR-IN signals are fed to a DTMF transceiver. The DTMF transceiver initially decodes the DTMF signals into digitally formatted signals and applies the same to bus 318. DTMF transceiver 316 also is capable of converting or encoding digital signals obtained from bus 318 into DTMF outputs which are applied to amplifiers A1 and A2 (amps 320 and 322). These amplified signals, particularly the amplified signals from amplifiers 322 are fed to the Audio RCR line of the handset via pin connector 310 (as an echo) and applied to Audio TXR line (the Audio TXR-OUT) and pin connector 312 leading to transceiver 12. The Audio RCR is an echo function since the Audio TXR-OUT is fed directly to the transceiver. The DTMF transceiver is sold under model 75T2090.
The digitally formatted signals from DTMF transceiver 316 are processed by processor or CPU 340 which controls read only memory 342, random access memory 346, DTMF transceiver 316, input/output latch or buffer device 348, GAL programmable logic device 350 and input/output latch 349. The CPU is a microcontroller manufactured by Toshiba as TMP84C013A. A Zilog microprocessor can also be used, particularly model 84C013. Bus 318 is a 8 bit bus operating at a speed of 6 MHz. RAM 346 in the working embodiment is a 32K byte RAM and ROM 342 is a 32K EPROM. GAL 350 is a programmable logic device manufactured by National SemiConductor. Particularly, a GAL 22V10 is used. This programmable logic device or GAL has 22 inputs and 10 outputs. The GAL blocks certain signals and enables memory coding and decoding and further enhances the processing of signals and data, thereby reducing the need for extensive processing by CPU 340. ROM 342 stores the initialization program for the system. A power fail detect circuit 352 is coupled to RAM 346 as is a small back up battery 354. In the event power to the cellular phone is lost, power detect circuit 352 is activated which provides enough voltage to RAM 346 to store critical data. The storage of data is used to enable a programmer to change the pass word or the defaults such as removing the electronic locks for transmitting certain telephone numbers. Please refer to the Lock Call Table above.
Input/output latch 348 is sold as a 74HC245 bidirectional buffer. As such, it handles the input and output of data in two directions. I/O latch 348 is coupled to the key pad 360 (user actuation keys A-D) and the credit card reader 362. Returning to GAL 350, the GAL acts as a converter to sense the Send key electronic signal and End key electronic signal on the Data TXR line. GAL 350 also generates those signals and applies the same to transceiver at certain occurrences as described above. For example, when the call placement telephone number is sent via DTMF transceiver 316 to transceiver 12, GAL 350 sends the electronic code representative of the "Send" function key to transceiver 12. Accordingly, transceiver 12 believes that it is communicating directly with handset 10 rather than interface unit 16.
A second input/output latch 349 is coupled to internal bus 318. Input/Output latch 349 is sold as model 74HC373 an acts as a latch to control lights 370 and an input/output device for clock 372. Lights 370 are supplied by a high voltage transformer 374 which converts the 12 volt power signal from power line 376 into a 200 volt peak to peak high voltage signal to drive lights 370. Since lights 370 flash in a sequential manner to prompt the user to slide his credit card through reader 362, I/O latch 349 in conjunction with CPU 340 and ROM controls the sequential driving of those lights.
In order to produce the voice prompts, credit card interface 16 includes a voice processor 410. In the working embodiment, voice processor 410 is a Toshiba Voice Recording unit TC8830F which permits voice recording and play back using adaptive voice modulation. Voice processor 410 is a processor which encodes, decodes and enables voice recording into memory 412. Memory 412 is sufficient to record 4M bits which is equivalent to approximately eight minutes of speech. In the working embodiment, memory 412 is a read only memory but may be configured as a random access memory. GAL 414 is used for memory encoding and decoding and to provide additional addressing of the memory. GAL 414 enables decoding of certain address lines and interleaving of data into the CPU cycle. In the working embodiment, the voice processing and synthesis circuit (including processor 410, GAL 414 and memory 412) is placed on a separate circuit board as compared with the other components as shown in FIG. 4. Of course, the components shown in FIG. 4 must be supplied power which is obtained from an appropriate transformer not shown in the drawings but known to persons in the ordinary skill of the art. The transformer is coupled to power line 376.
Because of the flexibility of the system, the present cellular telephone calling system also enables third parties to call the user after the user has logged into the cellular network. Although this seems to be quite simple, in fact, the user's credit card are billed for this third party call. This is dissimilar to other calling card systems. The Third Party Call Table shown below exemplifies this feature.
THIRD PARTY CALL TABLE
1. User calls third party (after credit card validation) and provides third party with cellular telephone number and special network number (800#)
2. Disconnect
3. Third party calls network number
4. Voice or tone prompts third party to input user's cellular phone number
5. Call detail record file formed at network
6. File linked to user's credit card number
7. Network completes telephone communications link with user and third party
8. Disconnect
9. Network completes call detail record file (time and billing)
10. User's credit card billed
Once the user has called into the cellular network and his credit card has been validated by the network, the user must call the third party and provide the third party with a certain call placement number for the cellular network (having the uniquely configured network transceiver) as well as the user telephone number. Thereafter, the user and the third party disconnect that telephonic communications link. The third party then calls a predetermined third party call placement number for the network. A voice prompts the third party to input the user's cellular telephone number. The third party uses a TOUCH-TONE type phone to generate the correct DTMF signals which represent the user's phone number. Since the user's cellular telephone number has been previously linked to a credit card and that credit card has been validated by the system, a call detail record is formed in the cellular telephone network which provides a correspondence between the incoming third party call and the user's credit card. That call detail record is generally similar to the Call Detail Record Table set forth above. The call detail record notes the time and day and length of that third party call. After the detail record is formed, the cellular network then calls the user's cellular telephone. After the call between the user and the third party is over, the network completes the call detail record. This entails determining the total length of this third party telephone call and rating the call. Thereafter, the cellular telephone network bills the user's credit card.
OUTGOING PROTOCOL AND EVENTS DESCRIPTION
After a credit card has been swiped through the credit card reader, the interface controller validates the card by taking two actions. First, a Luhn's modulus calculation is performed to verify the integrity of the card number read by the system. Secondly, the expiration date is checked against the content of the internal real time clock. If any of these tests fail, a voice message is issued to inform the user of the abnormal condition.
If the aforementioned tests are successful, the controller will compare the number just read against the credit card number stored in its internal memory. If the numbers are found to be different, the content of the internal database will be replaced will be replaced with the new number and a "PHONE USED" flag will be cleared to indicate that the credit card just read has not been used. On the other hand, if both the new number and the previously stored numbers are found to be the same, no further verifying actions are taken. In either case, the controller waits until a valid phone number is entered via the handset. When an allowable phone is entered, the following events will take place:

 __________________________________________________________________________CELLULAR PHONE      CENTRAL SWITCH__________________________________________________________________________STEP 1The controller takes the phone off               The central switch responds by sendinghook and dials a ten-digit number (i.e.,               a Dial tone for two seconds, as ana 1-800-XXX-YYYY) to contact the               indication that it is ready to receivecentral switch location.               data.STEP 2Upon receiving the Dial Tone from the               When the number of tones specified byswitch, the controller will send a string               the first two tones of the incomingof dual tone multi-frequencies (DTM               string are received, the switchF) containing the following               calculates the checksum of theinformation:        received data. If the checksum isTwo tones indicating the               correct, the switch then proceeds tonumber of succeeding tones (not               validate the ID number contained inincluding the number of the checksum               the incoming string. If the ID numbertones               is found to be valid, the switch willplus                respond with an ACK tone.A variable number of tones               Otherwise, a NAK tone will be sentcontaining the cellular phone               out as an indication that either theidentification number               received ID or the checksum failed theplus                validation test.Four tones containing thechecksum of the string of DTMFcharacters.STEP 3If a NAK tone is received two distinctevents may occur:First, if a pre-defined maximumnumber of retries has not beenexceeded, the step 2 will be repeated.Second, if the maximum numberof retries has been exceeded, thecontroller will terminate the phonecall, and a voice message will beplayed to inform the user about theabnormal condition.If an ACK is received, the controllerwill proceed with step 4.STEP 4If the "PHONE USED" flag is found               When the number of tones specified byto be clear, the controller Will send the               the first two tones of the incomingfollowing information.               string are received, the switchTwo tones indicating the               calculates the checksum of thenumber of succeeding tones (not               received data. If the checksum isincluding the number of the checksum               correct the switch then proceeds totones)              validate the credit card number andplus                any other associated information.A variable number of tones               Notice that the central switch does notcontaining information pertaining to               need to verify the expiration date,the credit card number, expiration               since this check is done by thedate, etc.          controller when the credit cardplus                information is read.Four tones containing the               If the credit card information is foundchecksum of the string of DTMF               to be valid (i.e., availability of credit,characters          etc.), the switch will respond with anIf the "PHONE USED" flag is set, this               ACK tone. Otherwise, a NAK toneis an indication that the credit card has               will be sent out to indicate that eitheralready been used by the cellular               the credit information or the checksumphone and the credit card information               failed to pass the tests.described in this section should not besent to the central switch, therefore thecontroller will proceed to the stepnumber 6.STEP 5If a NAK tone is received two distinctevents may occur:First, if a predefined maximumnumber of retries has not beenexceeded, the step 4 will be repeated.Second, if the maximum numberof retries has been exceeded, thecontroller will terminate the phonecall, and a voice message will beplayed to inform the user about theabnormal condition.If an ACK is received, the controllerwill proceed with step 6.STEP 6The controller sends the following               When the number of tones specified byinformation.        the first two tones of the incomingTwo tones indicating the               string are received, the switchnumber of succeeding tones (not               calculates the checksum of theincluding the number of the checksum               received data. If the checksum istones)              correct, the switch will respond with anplus                ACK tone, and proceed to dial out theA variable number of tones               destination number, establish thecontaining the destination number.               communication link between theplus                originator and the destination phone.Four tones containing the               and record all pertinent informationchecksum of the string of DTMF               for the phone billing.characters.         If the checksum fails, a NAK tone willIf the "PHONE USED" flag is set, this               be sent out to request the destinationis an indication that the credit card has               number againalready been used by the cellular               In very rare occasions, the centralphone,and the credit card information               switch may deem necessary to requestdescribed in this section should not be               all the information again (perhapssent to the central switch, therefore the               because it cannot find a credit cardcontroller will proceed to the step               number associated with the phone ID).number 6            In such a case, a REQUEST ALL               INFORMATION tone will be sent out               to the controller, to request the full               information from the controller unit.STEP 7If a REQUEST ALL INFORMATIONis received, the controller will clear the"PHONE USED" flag and repeat allsteps 4, 5, and 6.If a NAK tone is received, two distinctevents may occur:First, if a predefined maximumnumber of retries has not beenexceeded, step 6 will be repeated.Second, if the maximum numberof retries has been exceeded, thecontroller will terminate the phonecall and a voice message will beplayed to inform the user about theabnormal condition.If an ACK is received, the controllerwill connect the phone call to continueuntil the call is terminated or until theEND key is pressed on the handsetunit.__________________________________________________________________________
THIRD PARTY PROTOCOL AND EVENTS DESCRIPTION
The system supports two modes of operation. In the first mode, phone calls are originated by the user to the location where the Cellular World's phone controller (the IXC) is located. The user may be in a rental car, limousine, and the like.
The second mode of operation arises when the party originating the call is not the one that physically possesses the phone controller (i.e., not the user), but is a third party at a remote location. The third party may originate a call from an ordinary TOUCH-TONE telephone. For this mode of operation to work, it is indispensable that the user's phone controller (the device to which the phone call is being made) already contains validated credit card information (a post-validation call), and that this information has been conveyed to the central switch computer (IXC) by means of a phone call (the first phone call). In other words, the user must make at least one phone call, so that the IXC can register the phone controller identification number (ID) and the credit card number linked to it.
As an illustration of the second mode of operation, assume that the user and the phone controller unit is located in a rental car, and the phone number for this device is 1-305-AAA-BBBB. The user rents this car, then swipes a valid credit card through the card reader device, and places a phone call to another telephone number (1-817-CCC-DDDD). When the phone call is established, the IXC computer saves in its database the ID of the originating device, along with the number of the credit card used to perform this transaction. In this hypothetical scenario, the user informs the person at the remote location that in order to contact him or her the following procedure must take place:
1) The third party will dial a 1-800-XXX-YYYY number of the IXC.
2) When the IXC answers, either through a n human or a machine, the third party will then inform the IXC of the user's phone number (e.g., 1-305-AAA-BBBB).
3) The computer at the IXC location will then verify that the desired phone number is linked to a valid credit card. When the information is verified, the IXC computer will proceed to call the desired location (that is, the 1-205-AAA-BBBB destination number). In contrast, if the information cannot be verified, the third party caller is informed that the desired number is not active and the call should be tried again with a different number.
4) When the cellular phone rings, the controller will take the phone off-hook and transmit an answer tone to the IXC computer, for a pre-defined period of time, such as two seconds.
5) Upon detection of this answer tone, the IXC computer will send an identification code to the cellular phone controller. The controller then checks this ID code against its own internal ID. If both codes match, the controller will allow the phone call to be completed. Otherwise, the controller will hang-up the cellular phone.
6) If the phone call is successfully established between the user and the third party, the IXC will record the duration of the call for billing purposes. When the phone call is terminated, the IXC will call a credit card authorization agency (VISA, MasterCard, etc.) and obtain an authorization number to charge the phone transaction. On the opposite side, if the phone call failed, the IXC will inform the originating device of this irregularity.
As can be seen, the second mode of operation allows a third party at a remote location to contact a user's cellular phone through the credit card calling system described herein.
The credit card interface and controller can be integrated into a unitary cellular phone, that is, as part of the circuitry that detects keys pressed on the keypad, sends and receives DTMF tones in the circuit, sends information to the display, and communicates with the transceiver circuitry. Similar to the stand-alone interface unit 16 in FIG. 1, the central processing unit (CPU) in FIG. 6 is responsible for reading and managing data received from the credit card reader, and communicating with the telecommunications network transceiver, particularly the Inter Exchange Processor (IXC), in order to validate and allow the full telephone link to be established.
FIG. 6 diagrammatically illustrates a unitary or one piece cellular phone with a built-in credit card reader 410, user keypad 412 (enabling the user to input destination phone numbers, and Send, End and other function commands commonly found on cellular phone handsets), display 414, microphone 416 and speaker 418. The microphone and speaker signals are amplified and conditioned to the appropriate level and state by amplifiers 420, 422. The unitary phone includes a transceiver 424 having receive unit RX 426 and transmit unit TX 428. These units are coupled to a duplexer 430 such that the signals are sent to and received from antenna 432.
The central processing unit or CPU 440 is coupled to an internal signal and communications bus 442 and to ROM 444, RAM 446, and various Input/Output modules (I/O) 448, 450 and 452. Additionally, the CPU communicates with transceiver 424 thereby sending DTMF signals over the cellular phone carrier to the IXC in the telecommunications network to validate the user's credit card data. Transceiver 424 may further include signal buffers or conditioners.
The claims appended hereto are meant to cover modifications and changes within the scope and spirit of the present invention.

Patent CitationsCited PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS4718080 *16 Dec 19855 Jan 1988Serrano Arthur LMicroprocessor controlled interface for cellular systemUS4776003 *1 Oct 19864 Oct 1988Harris Arlene JCellular mobile radio credit card systemUS4845740 *5 Dec 19884 Jul 1989Oki Electric Industry Co., Ltd.Radiotelephone system adapted to read a credit cardUS4860336 *15 Jan 198822 Aug 1989Motorola, Inc.Radiotelephone credit card data communicationsUS4965821 *23 Dec 198823 Oct 1990Gte Mobilnet IncorporatedCellular mobile radiotelephone-based system for rental of mobile equipmentUS4975942 *21 Jul 19894 Dec 1990The Boston Communications GroupCredit/calling card pay telephone method and system employing telephone unit local card-checking and other intelligence cooperative with local personal host computerUS5144649 *24 Oct 19901 Sep 1992Gte Mobile Communications Service CorporationCellular radiotelephone credit card paystation methodUS5189696 *23 Apr 199123 Feb 1993Canon Kabushiki KaishaData communication apparatusUS5212810 *15 Jun 199018 May 1993Nec CorporationTerminal equipment of a vehicle radio telephone systemUS5247160 *16 Jun 199221 Sep 1993Gte Mobile Communications Service CorporationMethod for transmitting creditcard information for a group of bus passengersUS5272747 *8 Sep 198921 Dec 1993Australian And Overseas Telecommunications Corp. LimitedMobile pay telephone systemUS5301223 *25 Aug 19925 Apr 1994Cellular Technical Services Company, Inc.Cellular telephone system with remote programming, voice responsive registration and real time billingUS5388148 *11 Mar 19937 Feb 1995Seiderman; AbeCellular telephone calling system using credit card validation* Cited by examinerNon-Patent CitationsReference1 *National Semiconductor GAL 22V10 Product Brochure.2 *Toshiba Voice Recording LSI TC8830AF Product Brochure, Aug., 1989.3 *Uniden Communication Protocol for Cellular Phones, Sep. 4, 1990.4 *Uniden CP1500 Product Brochure.* Cited by examinerReferenced byCiting PatentFiling datePublication dateApplicantTitleUS5684861 *4 Dec 19954 Nov 1997Lewis; Walter F.Apparatus and method for monitoring cellular telephone usageUS5703933 *10 May 199630 Dec 1997Telefonaktiebolaget Lm Ericsson (Publ.)Method and arrangement for establishing a connection in a telecommunications systemUS5748720 *7 Aug 19965 May 1998Nokia Telecommunications OyRemovable subscriber identification module for a mobile radio terminalUS5778313 *8 Dec 19957 Jul 1998Cellexis International, Inc.Pre-paid cellular telephone systemUS5794140 *24 Oct 199511 Aug 1998Telefonaktiebolaget L M Ericcson (Publ)Method and apparatus for offering subscribers access to unused communications capacity in a cellular communications systemUS5845205 *1 Aug 19971 Dec 1998Nokia Mobile Phones Ltd.Fully automatic credit card calling systemUS5845218 *28 Feb 19971 Dec 1998Altschul; Randice-LisaDisposable wireless telephone and methodUS5850599 *9 Feb 199615 Dec 1998Ecs Enhanced Cellular Systems Manufacturing Inc.Portable cellular telephone with credit card debit systemUS5887266 *7 Feb 199623 Mar 1999Nokia Mobile Phones LimitedMethod for using applications in a mobile station, a mobile station and a system for effecting paymentsUS5898766 *30 Oct 199527 Apr 1999Gottesman; VictorMethod for enabling a transaction between a terminal user and a serverUS5953676 *26 Aug 199714 Sep 1999Hughes Electronics CorporationFixed wireless communication system and method for originating a callUS5965848 *22 Jul 199712 Oct 1999Randice-Lisa AltschulDisposable portable electronic devices and method of makingUS5983094 *27 Oct 19979 Nov 1999Randice-Lisa AltschulWireless telephone with credited airtime and methodUS6010067 *13 May 19944 Jan 2000Dynamic Data Systems Pty. Ltd.Mobile funds transaction device for transferring funds between remote banking facilitiesUS6061580 *27 Oct 19979 May 2000Randice-Lisa AltschulDisposable wireless telephone and method for call-out onlyUS6069411 *2 Nov 199830 May 2000U.S. Philips CorporationAnti-theft method for a vehicle using a portable telephoneUS6122355 *11 Dec 199819 Sep 2000At&T Corp.Method and apparatus for portable pay phoneUS6144847 *10 Aug 19997 Nov 2000Dieceland Technologies Corp.Wireless telephone with credited airtimeUS6330021 *12 Dec 199511 Dec 2001Syseca S.A.Interactive television reception consoleUS640503129 Dec 199811 Jun 2002Dieceland Technologies Corp.Wireless telephone system, telephone and methodUS64183265 Jun 19989 Jul 2002Nokia Mobile Phones LimitedMethod for using applications in a mobile station, a mobile station, and a system for effecting paymentsUS642790917 Dec 19996 Aug 2002International Business Machines CorporationSystem and method for overloading an existing cardUS642791017 Dec 19996 Aug 2002International Business Machines CorporationMethod for managing and updating overloaded cardsUS642791117 Dec 19996 Aug 2002International Business Machines CorporationBilling/clearing house system and method for an overloaded cardUS643144317 Dec 199913 Aug 2002International Business Machines CorporationOverloaded card information displayUS643437825 Jun 199813 Aug 2002Cellexis International, Inc.Pre-paid cellular telephone systemUS649044331 Aug 20003 Dec 2002Automated Business CompaniesCommunication and proximity authorization systemsUS669094725 Mar 199910 Feb 2004Kantan Inc.Methods and apparatus for a flexible wireless communication and cellular telephone systemUS670456311 Aug 19999 Mar 2004Boston Communications Group, Inc.Systems and methods for prerating costs for a communication eventUS6896182 *8 Aug 200124 May 2005Nec CorporationCard verification system and card verification methodUS695920222 Jan 200225 Oct 2005Nokia Mobile Phones, Ltd.Method for using applications in a mobile station, a mobile station, and a system for effecting paymentsUS7155199 *6 Jan 200426 Dec 2006Nokia Mobile Phones LimitedSystem and method of making payments using an electronic device cover with embedded transponderUS72159651 Nov 20018 May 2007Airbiquity Inc.Facility and method for wireless transmission of location data in a voice channel of a digital wireless telecommunications networkUS750913414 Nov 200624 Mar 2009Airbiquity Inc.Remote method for wireless transmission of location dataUS7590757 *30 Jun 200315 Sep 2009Fujitsu LimitedBroadcast type communication data distribution device and broadcast type communication systemUS759387014 Jan 200522 Sep 2009Reza JaliliMethod for telephone-based authenticated authorization of transactionsUS760313920 Mar 200013 Oct 2009Kantan Inc.Methods and apparatus for a flexible wireless communication and cellular telephone systemUS7746991 *6 Apr 200529 Jun 2010Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.Apparatus and method of providing a call service using a prepaid card in a portable terminalUS785327221 Dec 200114 Dec 2010Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Wireless network tour guideUS785351118 Aug 200814 Dec 2010Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Prepaid short messagingUS78901273 Mar 200815 Feb 2011Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Inter-carrier messaging service providing phone number only experienceUS789482521 Jul 200622 Feb 2011Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Mobile activity status trackerUS793361531 Mar 200926 Apr 2011Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Mobile originated interactive menus via short messaging services methodUS79914117 Oct 20042 Aug 2011Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Method to qualify multimedia message content to enable use of a single internet address domain to send messages to both short message service centers and multimedia message service centersUS804138823 Aug 200518 Oct 2011Nokia CorporationMethod for using applications in a mobile station, a mobile station, and a system for effecting paymentsUS806042921 Nov 200815 Nov 2011Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Prepaid short messagingUS81759538 Nov 20118 May 2012Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Prepaid short messagingUS818186113 Oct 200822 May 2012Miri Systems, LlcElectronic transaction security system and methodUS81952057 Oct 20045 Jun 2012Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Gateway application to support use of a single internet address domain for routing messages to multiple multimedia message service centersUS848372927 Jul 20129 Jul 2013Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Inter-carrier messaging service providing phone number only experienceUS868236211 Feb 201125 Mar 2014Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Inter-carrier messaging service providing phone number only experienceUS87124534 Dec 200929 Apr 2014Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Login security with short messagingUS87384967 May 201227 May 2014Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Prepaid short messagingUS874449128 Oct 20103 Jun 2014Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Wireless network tour guideUS8750824 *30 Oct 200910 Jun 2014International Business Machines CorporationGlobal mobility infrastructure for user devicesUS895402828 Oct 200810 Feb 2015Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Geo-redundant and high reliability commercial mobile alert system (CMAS)US895884623 Aug 200617 Feb 2015Charles Freeny, IIICommunication and proximity authorization systemsUS900435125 Jan 201314 Apr 2015Miri Systems, LlcElectronic transaction security system and methodUS90942095 Oct 201028 Jul 2015Miri Systems, LlcElectronic transaction security systemUS919152012 Dec 201117 Nov 2015Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Location services gateway serverUS925361811 Oct 20132 Feb 2016International Business Machines CorporationGlobal mobility infrastructure for user devicesUS94080478 Oct 20142 Aug 2016Telecommunication Systems, Inc.Read acknowledgement interoperability for text messaging and IP messagingUS943077013 Apr 201530 Aug 2016Miri Systems, LlcElectronic transaction security system and methodUS950345025 Apr 201422 Nov 2016Telecommunications Systems, Inc.Login security with short messagingUS9558479 *9 Nov 201531 Jan 2017Confinement Telephony Technology, LlcSystems and methods for verification of identity and locationUS20020102963 *22 Jan 20021 Aug 2002Nokia Mobile Phones LimitedMethod for using applications in a mobile station, a mobile station, and a system for effecting paymentsUS20030083080 *1 Nov 20011 May 2003Airbiquity Inc.Facility and method for wireless transmission of dataUS20030101135 *20 Sep 200129 May 2003Mark MyattReal-time reservation of charges for pre-paid servicesUS20030177088 *18 Jul 200118 Sep 2003Patrik NilssonPaying for telephone services using electronic cashUS20040005910 *24 Jun 20038 Jan 2004Alfred TomMethods and apparatus for a self-configuring smart modular wireless deviceUS20040019642 *30 Jun 200329 Jan 2004Fujitsu LimitedBroadcast type communication data distribution device and broadcast type communication systemUS20050017068 *6 Jan 200427 Jan 2005Zalewski Thomas W.System and method of making payments using an electronic device cover with embedded transponderUS20050065875 *5 Nov 200424 Mar 2005Beard Robert E.Method and system for credit card purchasesUS20050075957 *20 Sep 20027 Apr 2005Simon PincusBalance management for pre-paid servicesUS20050154649 *14 Jan 200514 Jul 2005Pixometrix, Inc.System and method for telephone-based authenticated authorization of transactionsUS20050282585 *23 Aug 200522 Dec 2005Petri HeinonenMethod for using applications in a mobile station, a mobile station, and a system for effecting paymentsUS20060045247 *6 Apr 20052 Mar 2006Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.Apparatus and method of providing a call service using a prepaid card in a portable terminalUS20070072625 *14 Nov 200629 Mar 2007Airbiquity Inc.Remote method for wireless transmission of location dataUS20070299908 *6 Sep 200727 Dec 2007Cyberfone Technologies, Inc.Telephone/Transaction Entry Device and System for Entering Transaction Data into DatabasesUS20080033857 *3 Oct 20077 Feb 2008Moses Manuel BPooling data for consumer credit or debit cardsUS20080043946 *6 Sep 200721 Feb 2008Cyberfone Technologies, Inc.Telephone/Transaction Entry Device and System for Entering Transaction Data into DatabasesUS20080056467 *6 Sep 20076 Mar 2008Cyberfone Technologies, Inc.Telephone/Transaction Entry Device and System for Entering Transaction Data into DatabasesUS20080207268 *13 Jan 200628 Aug 2008Kantan Inc.Apparatus for a Removable Wireless Module With Storage MemoryUS20080217399 *7 Mar 200711 Sep 2008Eric LeblancSystem and method for controlling usage of a payment cardUS20080217400 *23 May 200711 Sep 2008Portano Michael DSystem for preventing fraudulent purchases and identity theftUS20100009654 *21 Sep 200914 Jan 2010Fougnies Douglas VPrepaid security cellular telecommunications systemUS20100089998 *13 Oct 200815 Apr 2010Sandstrom Ronald WElectronic Transaction Security System and MethodUS20110022472 *25 Feb 201027 Jan 2011Zon Ludwik FPayment system and methodUS20110106275 *30 Oct 20095 May 2011International Business Machines CorporationGlobal mobility infrastructure for user devicesUS2013013856625 Jan 201330 May 2013Miri Systems, LlcElectronic Transaction Security System And MethodDE19914959A1 *1 Apr 19995 Oct 2000Deutsche Telekom AgVerfahren für die sichere und schnelle Handhabung von Chipkarten für KartentelefoneDE29714066U1 *7 Aug 199716 Oct 1997Tils PeterMobilfunktelefonWO1998017045A1 *9 Oct 199723 Apr 1998Bright Technologies, Inc.Reprogrammable wireless local loop phone capable of emulating a wireline phoneWO2010045154A1 *12 Oct 200922 Apr 2010Miri Systems, LlcElectronic transaction security system and method* Cited by examinerClassifications  U.S. Classification455/558, 455/566, 379/114.19, 379/91.01International ClassificationG06Q20/04, G06Q20/32, G06Q20/40, H04Q7/38, H04Q7/22, H04Q7/32, G07F7/08, G07F7/10, H04M17/00Cooperative ClassificationG07F7/1025, G06Q20/04, G06Q20/32, H04M2215/32, G07F7/1008, G06Q20/325, G07F7/08, H04M17/00, G06Q20/4037European ClassificationG06Q20/04, G06Q20/32, G06Q20/325, G06Q20/4037, G07F7/10P, H04M17/00, G07F7/10D, G07F7/08Legal EventsDateCodeEventDescription3 Dec 1996ASAssignmentOwner name: ECS ENHANCED CELLULAR SYSTEMS MARKETING, INC., BARFree format text: ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNOR:SEIDERMAN, ABE;REEL/FRAME:008153/0850Effective date: 1996103122 Aug 1997ASAssignmentOwner name: ECS ENHANCED CELLUAR SYSTEMS MARKETING, INC., FLORFree format text: ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNOR:ECS ENHANCED CELLULAR SYSTEMS MARKETING, INC.;REEL/FRAME:008683/0214Effective date: 1997081216 Mar 1999ASAssignmentOwner name: ECS ENHANCED CELLULAR SYSTEMS, INC., FLORIDAFree format text: ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST;ASSIGNOR:ECS ENHANCED CELLULAR SYSTEMS MANUFACTURING, INC.;REEL/FRAME:009817/0993Effective date: 199903044 Oct 1999ASAssignmentOwner name: ABRAXUS HOLDINGS INC., CANADAFree format text: ASSIGNMENT AND BILL OF SALE;ASSIGNOR:ECS ENHANCED CELLULAR SYSTEMS, INC.;REEL/FRAME:010272/0620Effective date: 1999032222 Feb 2000FPAYFee paymentYear of fee payment: 417 Mar 2004REMIMaintenance fee reminder mailed27 Aug 2004LAPSLapse for failure to pay maintenance fees26 Oct 2004FPExpired due to failure to pay maintenance feeEffective date: 20040827RotateOriginal ImageGoogle Home - Sitemap - USPTO Bulk Downloads - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - About Google Patents - Send FeedbackData provided by IFI CLAIMS Patent Services  


INFORMATION













L-zone functionality upgrades
Email distribution services for our Quick Comments are now available.
Please ask our sales representatives for details.
Change in email format for research report notifications
The format of email notifications for research reports has changed.
- An image of the first page of the report is shown instead of a summary.
- The front-page image is automatically adjusted to fit the screen size of smartphones and tablets.
Notification Items Regarding Advertising etc.
AttentionThis document is a translation of the original written in Japanese and not officially valid.
Notification items pursuant to Article 37 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law(This Notification is only applicable to where report is distributed by Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd.)

If you decide to enter into a business arrangement with our company based on the information described in materials presented along with this cover letter, we ask you to pay close attention to the following items.In addition to the purchase price of a financial instrument, our company will collect a trading commission* for each transaction as agreed beforehand with you. Since commissions may be included in the purchase price or may not be charged for certain transactions, we recommend that you confirm the commission for each transaction. In some cases, our company also may charge a maximum of \ 2 million (including tax) per year as a standing proxy fee for our deposit of your securities, if you are a non-resident.For derivative and margin transactions etc., our company may require collateral or margin requirements in accordance with an agreement made beforehand with you. Ordinarily in such cases, the amount of the transaction will be in excess of the required collateral or margin requirements**.There is a risk that you will incur losses on your transactions due to changes in the market price of financial instruments based on fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices, real estate prices, commodity prices, and others. In addition, depending on the content of the transaction, the loss could exceed the amount of the collateral or margin requirements.There may be a difference between bid price etc. and ask price etc. of OTC derivatives handled by our company.Before engaging in any trading, please thoroughly confirm accounting and tax treatments regarding your trading in financial instruments with such experts as certified public accountants.* The amount of the trading commission cannot be stated here in advance because it will be determined between our company and you based on current market conditions and the content of each transaction etc.** The ratio of margin requirements etc. to the amount of the transaction cannot be stated here in advance because it will be determined between our company and you based on current market conditions and the content of each transaction etc.When making an actual transaction, please be sure to carefully read the materials presented to you prior to the execution of agreement, and to take responsibility for your own decisions regarding the signing of the agreement with our company.Corporate Name: Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd.Registered: Financial Instruments Business Operator Chief of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kin-sho) No.108Memberships: Japan Securities Dealers Association, The Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association

IMPORTANT 
This report is provided as a reference for making investment decisions and is not intended to be a solicitation for investment. Investment decisions should be made at your own discretion and risk. Content herein is based on information available at the time the report was prepared and may be amended or otherwise changed in the future without notice. We make no representations as to the accuracy or completeness. Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. retains all rights related to the content of this report, which may not be redistributed or otherwise transmitted without prior consent. 
Ratings

Issues are rated 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 as follows:
   1: Outperform TOPIX/benchmark index by more than 15% over the next 12 months.
   2: Outperform TOPIX/benchmark index by 5-15% over the next 12 months.
   3: Out/underperform TOPIX/benchmark index by less than 5% over the next 12 months.
   4: Underperform TOPIX/benchmark index by 5-15% over the next 12 months.
   5: Underperform TOPIX/benchmark index by more than 15% over the next 12 months.

Benchmark index: TOPIX for Japan, S&P 500 for US, STOXX Europe 600 for Europe, HSI for Hong Kong, STI for Singapore, KOSPI for Korea, TWII for Taiwan, and S&P/ASX 200 for Australia. 
Japan
Conflicts of Interest: Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. may currently provide or may intend to provide investment banking services or other services to the company referred to in this report. In such cases, said services could give rise to conflicts of interest for Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd.
Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa Securities Group Inc.: Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. is a subsidiary of Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
Ownership of Securities: Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. may currently, or in the future, own or trade either securities issued by the company referred to in this report or other securities based on such financial instruments. Daiwa Securities Group has filed major shareholding reports for the following companies of which it owns over 5% (as of 14 July 2017): DAISUE CONSTRUCTION (1814); ICHIKEN (1847); SHINDEN HIGHTEX (3131); Nippon Healthcare Investment Corporation (3308); KFC (3420); Samty Residential Investment Corporation (3459); KI-STAR REAL ESTATE (3465); Ooedo Onsen Reit Investment Corporation (3472); WILLPLUS Holdings (3538); KOEI TECMO HOLDINGS (3635); Double Standard (3925); Beaglee (3981); Konoshima Chemical (4026); Nippon Pigment (4119); TAKE AND GIVE. NEEDS (4331); DKS (4461); RIBOMIC (4591); NOZAWA (5237); Toho Zinc (5707); TOKYO ROPE MFG. (5981); LINKBAL (6046); WILL GROUP (6089); Techno Smart (6246); TOWA (6315); NIPPON PILLAR PACKING (6490); SANSO ELECTRIC (6518); internet infinity (6545); TOREX SEMICONDUCTOR (6616); ELECOM (6750); ADVANTEST (6857); Helios Techno Holding (6927); ENOMOTO (6928); TAIYO YUDEN (6976); Astmax (7162); GMO Click Holdings (7177); TRANSACTION (7818); IFIS JAPAN (7833); Daiko Denshi Tsushin (8023); Money Partners Group (8732); Daiwa Office Investment Corporation (8976); Japan Rental Housing Investments (8986); Cerespo (9625); Imperial Hotel (9708); GAKKYUSHA (9769); PARKER CORPORATION (9845).
Lead Management: Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. has lead-managed public offerings and/or secondary offerings (excluding straight bonds) in the past twelve months for the following companies: ASANUMA (1852); Yoshimura Food Holdings K.K. (2884); Activia Properties (3279); SIA REIT (3290); AEON REIT Investment Corporation (3292); Hulic Reit (3295); BEENOS (3328); Tosei Reit Investment Corporation (3451); Kenedix Retail REIT Corporation (3453); Samty Residential Investment Corporation (3459); KI-STAR REAL ESTATE (3465); Mitsui Fudosan Logistics Park Inc. (3471); KOMEDA Holdings (3543); Defactostandard (3545); KUSHIKATSU TANAKA (3547); BAROQUE JAPAN LIMITED (3548); Sushiro Global Holdings (3563); Drecom (3793); Silver Egg Technology (3961); ATLED (3969); MACROMILL (3978); User Local (3984); SHARINGTECHNOLOGY (3989); Takemoto Yohki (4248); Idemitsu Kosan (5019); Recruit Holdings (6098); NISSEN (6543); TABIKOBO (6548); GameWith (6552); Renesas Electronics (6723); KEYENCE (6861); Japan Investment Adviser (7172); RINGER HUT (8200); The Ogaki Kyoritsu Bank (8361); AEON Financial Service (8570); ORIX JREIT (8954); Global One Real Estate Investment Corp. (8958); Daiwa Office Investment Corporation (8976); Daiwa House REIT Investment Corporation (8984); Japan Hotel REIT Investment Corporation (8985); PHYZ (9325); RENOVA (9519). (list as of 6 July 2017)

1) As of 26 April 2016, Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd., its parent company Daiwa Securities Group Inc., GMO CLICK Holdings, Inc., and its subsidiary GMO CLICK Securities, Inc. concluded a basic agreement for the establishment of a business alliance between the four companies.
As of end-March 2016, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. owned shares in GMO CLICK Holdings, Inc. equivalent to approximately 9.5% of the latter’s outstanding shares. Given future developments in and benefits from the prospective business alliance, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. could boost its stake in GMO CLICK Holdings, Inc. to up to 20% of outstanding shares.


2) Daiwa Securities Group Inc. owns about 3.35% of the shares outstanding of Japan Rental Housing Investments, Inc. and around 98.1% of the shares outstanding of Mi-Casa Asset Management Inc., which is the asset management company for Japan Rental Housing Investments.


3) Daiwa Real Estate Asset Management is a subsidiary of Daiwa Securities Group Inc. and serves as the asset management company for the following J-REITS: Daiwa Office Investment Corporation (8976), Nippon Healthcare Investment Corporation (3308).

NOTICE REGARDING U.S. PERSONS:

4) This report is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in the United States. Securities issued by NEC Corporation have been suspended from registration in the U.S. and are subject to an order of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission dated June 17, 2008, pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  This document is not a recommendation or inducement of any purchase or sale of such securities by any person or entity located in the U.S. Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd. disclaims any responsibility to any such person with respect to the content of this document. Any U.S. person receiving a copy of this report should disregard it.














Hasegawa Co Ltd, 8230:TYO summary - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Hasegawa Co Ltd8230:TYOSelect symbolJapan8230:TYOTokyo Stock ExchangeHasegawa Co LtdActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertConsumer ServicesGeneral RetailersPrice (JPY)504.00Today's Change-3.00 / -0.59%Shares traded23.40k1 Year change15.60%Beta0.4089Data delayed at least 20 minutes, as of Jul 28 2017 07:00 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.







1D3D1W1M6M1Y3Y5YCompar ApplyCancelComparisonsMake up to three selections, then save.0 of 3 selected0 of 3 selectedSuggested ComparisonsVillage Vanguard CO., LTD.Meganesuper Co LtdI.A GROUP CORPORATIONHimaraya Co., Ltd.ART VIVANT CO., LTD.Carchs Holdings Co LtdTop Culture Co LtdAseed Holdings Co LtdBunkyodo Group Holdings Co LtdHOUSE OF ROSE Co., Ltd.Sanyodo Holdings IncTreasure Factory Co., LTD.Willplus Holdings CorpRenetJapanGroup IncSaveClearEvents & Activity8230:TYO trading volume exceeds daily average by +82.44%Jul 25 20178230:TYO price reached a new 52-week high of 481.00 at 10:00 BSTJul 24 20178230:TYO price reached a new 52-week high of 482.00 at 10:00 BSTJul 25 20178230:TYO price reached a new 52-week high of 488.00 at 10:31 BSTJul 26 20178230:TYO price reached a new 52-week high of 501.00 at 10:00 BSTJul 27 20178230:TYO price moved over +1.25% to 487.00Jul 25 2017Key statisticsHasegawa Co Ltd (8230:TYO) set a new 52-week high during today's trading session when it reached 510.00. Over this period, the share price is up 15.60%.52-week rangeToday412.00Sep 28 2016510.00Jul 28 2017Markit short selling activityLowMedHighOpen510.00High510.00Low500.00Bid502.00Offer505.00Previous close507.00Average volume15.68kShares outstanding18.65mFree float10.96mP/E (TTM)22.51Market cap9.45bn JPYEPS (TTM)22.53  JPYAnnual div (ADY)7.50  JPYAnnual div yield (ADY)1.50%Div ex-dateMar 29 2017Div pay-dateJun 01 2017Next div ex-dateSep 27 2017Next div pay-date--Data delayed at least 20 minutes, as of Jul 28 2017 07:00 BST.More ▼ 
About the companyHASEGAWA CO., LTD. is a Japan-based company principally engaged in the religious product related business. The Company is involved in the retail and wholesale of Buddhist altars and fittings, the sale of gravestones, the contracted construction work of inner shrines for Buddhist temples, the restoration of cultural properties, the design, planning and sales agency of charnel houses, as well as the provision of funeral consulting services and funeral director referral services, among others. The Company has three segments, which including Eastern Japan segment, Western Japan segment and Temple Related segment. Through its subsidiary, the Company is also engaged in the manufacture of Buddhist altars and fittings, the design of inner shrines for Buddhist temples and others. FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.
Markit Short Selling Activity © Markit. All rights reserved.Although Markit has made every effort to ensure this data is correct, nevertheless no guarantee is given to the accuracy or completeness. Any opinions or estimates expressed herein are those of Markit on the date of preparation and are subject to change without notice; however no such opinions or estimates constitute legal, investment or other advice. You must therefore seek independent legal, investment or other appropriate advice from a suitably qualified and/or authorised and regulated advisor prior to making any legal, investment or other decision. This is intended for information purposes only and is not intended as an offer or recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 








Hasegawa Co Ltd, 8230:TYO profile - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Hasegawa Co Ltd8230:TYOSelect symbolJapan8230:TYOTokyo Stock ExchangeHasegawa Co LtdActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertConsumer ServicesGeneral RetailersPrice (JPY)504.00Today's Change-3.00 / -0.59%Shares traded23.40k1 Year change15.60%Beta0.4089Data delayed at least 20 minutes, as of Jul 28 2017 07:00 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Profile data is unavailable for this security.About the companyHASEGAWA CO., LTD. is a Japan-based company principally engaged in the religious product related business. The Company is involved in the retail and wholesale of Buddhist altars and fittings, the sale of gravestones, the contracted construction work of inner shrines for Buddhist temples, the restoration of cultural properties, the design, planning and sales agency of charnel houses, as well as the provision of funeral consulting services and funeral director referral services, among others. The Company has three segments, which including Eastern Japan segment, Western Japan segment and Temple Related segment. Through its subsidiary, the Company is also engaged in the manufacture of Buddhist altars and fittings, the design of inner shrines for Buddhist temples and others. Revenue in JPY (TTM)19.38bnNet income in JPY409.07mIncorporated1966Employees756.00LocationHasegawa Co LtdHasegawa Bldg.12-192, Kamikawabata-machi, Hakata-kuFUKUOKA-SHI 812-0026JapanJPNPhone+81  922637600Websitehttp://www.hasegawa.jpMore ▼Peer analysisKey InformationKey InformationStock PerformancePer Share DataEfficiencyManagement EffectivenessProfitabilityFinancial StrengthGrowth RatesCompanyRevenue (TTM)Net income (TTM)Market capEmployeesPrice/earnings (TTM)Price/book value (MRQ)Price/cash flow (TTM)Price/sales (TTM)EPS (excl. extraordinary items, TTM)EPS (incl. extraordinary items, TTM)Revenue per share (TTM)Book value per share (MRQ)Asset turnover (TTM)Inventory turnover (TTM)Receivables turnover (TTM)Revenues per employee (TTM)Return on avg assets (TTM)Return on avg assets (5 yr avg)Return on investment (TTM)Return on investment (5 yr avg)Gross margin (TTM)Gross margin(5 yr avg)Net profit margin (TTM)Net Profit margin(5 yr avg)Quick ratio (MRQ)Interest coverage (TTM)Total debt to capital (MRQ)Payout ratio(5 yr avg)Revenue(YOY change %)Revenue(5 yr growth rate)Net income(YOY change %)Net income(5 yr growth rate)Capital expenditure(5 yr growth rate)Dividend(5 yr growth rate)I.A GROUP CORPORATION33.93bn332.72m5.60bn964.0015.920.37793.460.165142.7742.774,295.691,801.991.093.2130.2235,198,030.001.073.001.464.2943.1642.240.98062.530.419445.010.404923.69-2.67-2.08-25.93-22.72-39.670.8548Sanyodo Holdings Inc22.12bn68.21m5.93bn224.0085.281.7312.020.267911.5911.593,758.23570.181.422.71238.5098,768,860.000.43730.52761.101.2929.4729.820.30840.35380.245816.470.429851.36-4.56-4.35-58.41-11.831.05-13.99Top Culture Co Ltd31.11bn308.96m6.32bn362.0019.530.81833.280.203125.5025.502,570.66608.611.082.42133.8485,945,620.001.070.37621.760.601234.1732.790.98990.28090.52124.560.6635191.91-4.36-1.01-3.23-3.73-14.100.00Carchs Holdings Co Ltd31.59bn-342.27m6.74bn454.00--0.9477--0.2135-15.67-15.671,458.46295.463.3811.5223.4369,575,400.00-3.945.35-5.096.9417.9519.77-1.171.502.47--0.11699.04-6.46-1.76-199.35--19.60--Bunkyodo Group Holdings Co Ltd30.04bn-318.50m7.13bn328.00------0.2373-22.79-22.792,149.2627.681.161.4722.6591,584,850.00-1.27-1.57-3.57-3.8425.4825.10-1.09-1.170.224-1.220.974---3.54-3.0339.71--5.07--HOUSE OF ROSE Co., Ltd.13.64bn212.02m7.34bn1.05k34.601.3723.890.53845.0945.092,900.071,141.841.582.4314.0512,949,790.002.451.733.272.2971.8771.631.551.081.71--0.0091121.56-2.11-1.1462.15-10.61--0.00Village Vanguard CO., LTD.35.68bn-618.00m7.87bn801.00--1.13--0.2206-80.26-80.264,633.59901.501.321.2723.37---2.29-6.62-3.72-10.0039.3742.19-1.73-4.530.47251.990.6013---23.69-3.6485.80---8.150.00RenetJapanGroup Inc-100.00bn-100.00bn8.06bn59.00--9.41----------94.65------------------------2.31--0.302--15.59--55.81------Willplus Holdings Corp23.05bn593.57m8.84bn326.0014.712.168.120.3834126.01126.014,908.46858.422.665.82147.3970,703,340.006.84--13.18--20.98--2.58--0.502774.700.3171--10.60--18.45------Treasure Factory Co., LTD.14.13bn411.88m9.25bn582.0022.372.4113.890.654936.5636.561,259.97339.432.092.2150.9024,271,840.006.0911.118.7816.2663.2564.922.924.960.8797109.190.393419.829.0713.08-39.6610.4325.9733.67ART VIVANT CO., LTD.6.61bn-599.50m9.31bn233.00--0.6407--1.41-45.84-45.84505.25939.610.28180.63440.627728,357,580.00-2.561.87-4.042.6659.5057.57-9.076.281.90100.090.3207102.3211.433.15-212.67--47.770.00HASEGAWA CO., LTD.19.38bn409.07m9.45bn756.0022.510.928313.000.487822.5322.531,070.32546.191.062.4025.4825,633,110.002.243.972.935.6362.9063.342.113.640.8207--0.327918.38-0.1191-1.3115.65-6.4321.960.00Aseed Holdings Co Ltd27.09bn223.59m9.54bn550.0039.662.0210.330.352217.8317.832,169.04349.731.9012.7017.0249,260,770.001.571.743.043.5337.6636.300.82530.88020.556713.300.525239.66-3.48-4.426.08-9.53-22.810.00Himaraya Co., Ltd.73.49bn39.00m10.92bn1.09k279.600.7881253.870.14853.173.175,964.911,124.221.602.1928.7967,672,190.000.08932.100.18153.7035.1837.300.05581.120.48480.130.449731.04-0.42017.75-140.18--0.286610.76Meganesuper Co Ltd17.89bn37.23m10.97bn971.00----31.190.6129-1.11-1.1127.472.651.392.3222.52--0.8606-9.941.94-15.1165.8366.400.6189-7.660.42323.870.9473--13.91-1.37-80.14--43.67--Data as of Jul 28 2017. Currency figures normalised to Hasegawa Co Ltd's reporting currency: Japanese Yen JPYInstitutional shareholdersTop holdersMovers1.52%Per cent of shares held by top holdersHolderShares% HeldNomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.as of 30 Jun 2017121.90k0.65%Nikko Asset Management Co., Ltd.as of 30 Jun 201756.30k0.30%Daiwa Asset Management Co. Ltd.as of 31 May 201753.30k0.29%Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd.as of 30 Jun 201728.60k0.15%Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Asset Management Co., Ltd.as of 23 Jan 20179.80k0.05%Asset Management One Co., Ltd.as of 08 Jan 20176.10k0.03%Lyxor International Asset Management SASas of 30 Jun 20173.50k0.02%State Street Global Advisors (Japan) Co. Ltd.as of 06 Mar 20173.20k0.02%Norinchukin Zenkyoren Asset Management Co. Ltd.as of 30 Jun 2017600.000.00%BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd.as of 30 Jun 2017500.000.00%More ▼Click or tap a row for detailsHolderShares boughtShares heldNomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.+5.50k / +4.73%121.90kMitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd.+2.70k / +10.42%28.60kSumitomo Mitsui Trust Asset Management Co., Ltd.+1.30k / +15.28%9.80kState Street Global Advisors (Japan) Co. Ltd.+1.10k / +52.31%3.20kNikko Asset Management Co., Ltd.+702.00 / +1.26%56.30kHolderShares soldShares heldDaiwa Asset Management Co. Ltd.-2.00k / -3.62%53.30kAsset Management One Co., Ltd.0.00 / +3.42%6.10kNorinchukin Zenkyoren Asset Management Co. Ltd.0.00 / 0.00%600.00State Street Global Advisors (Japan) Co. Ltd.0.00 / +52.31%3.20kMitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., Ltd.0.00 / +10.42%28.60kData from 20 Feb 2017 - 30 Jun 2017Source: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
Income statement (JPY)Year on year Hasegawa Co Ltd had revenues remain flat at 19.40bn, though the company grew net income 15.65% from 353.70m to 409.07m. A reduction in the selling, general and administrative costs as a percentage of sales from 57.45% to 56.86% was a component in the net income growth despite flat revenues.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 

Archive News & Video for Sunday, 16 Apr 2017 | in.reuters.com




















































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States




You are here: 
  Home > Site Archive


Site Archive for Monday, 17 Apr 2017


The Chainsmokers debut atop Billboard 200 chart with 'Memories...' 11:58PM UTC
BP says crews brought leaking Alaskan well under control 11:56PM UTC
UPDATE 1-BP says crews brought leaking Alaskan well under control 11:52PM UTC
U.S. shale oil output to rise 123,000 bpd in May - EIA 11:48PM UTC
Wal-Mart seeks online fashion presence through acquisitions 11:46PM UTC
Leicester's Shakespeare unsure of points target for survival 11:41PM UTC
Gold hits 5-month high on rising geopolitical risks 11:40PM UTC
Oil dips, trade thin as some cash in after 3-week rally 11:40PM UTC
Soccer-Brighton promoted to Premier League 11:39PM UTC
Britain's Prince Harry sought counselling more than a decade after mother's death 11:38PM UTC
China's HNA nears deal to buy Odebrecht's Brazil airport stake: source 11:38PM UTC
Terry to leave Chelsea at end of the season 11:38PM UTC
U.S. FDA declines to approve Eli Lilly and Incyte arthritis drug Olumiant 11:36PM UTC
BP says crews brought leaking Alaskan well under control 11:31PM UTC
In Japan talks, U.S. VP Pence to seek market access, investment 11:31PM UTC
Buffett's Berkshire, Chinese property website Juwai.com team up 11:30PM UTC
Effigies and Easter in Venezuela 11:30PM UTC
In Japan talks, U.S. VP Pence to seek market access, investment 11:30PM UTC
North Korean official says will continue missile tests - BBC 11:26PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Buffett's Berkshire, Chinese property website Juwai.com team up 11:25PM UTC
BRIEF-Genentech says U.S. FDA approves Lucentis (ranibizumab injection) for diabetic retinopathy 11:24PM UTC
Wal-Mart seeks online fashion presence through acquisitions 11:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Moody's affirms Bangladesh's Ba3 rating, maintains stable outlook 11:21PM UTC
BRIEF-Maruha Nichiro's operating profit for year ending March 2018 likely to total around 23 billion yen - Nikkei 11:20PM UTC
MOVES-Citigroup, Northern Trust, Morningstar Credit Ratings 11:19PM UTC
China's HNA nears deal to buy Odebrecht's Brazil airport stake - source 11:18PM UTC
Argentine police seek hooligan after fan declared dead 11:13PM UTC
Cleveland police widen manhunt for Facebook murder suspect 11:09PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Boeing to lay off hundreds more engineers -source 11:07PM UTC
BRIEF-Daily Mail and General Trust sells Elite Daily to Bustle Digital Group 11:06PM UTC
Sri Lanka landslide death toll rises to 29, unknown number still missing 11:02PM UTC
Soccer-Zola resigns as Birmingham slip close to drop zone 11:01PM UTC
GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar dips, gold gains on global risks; U.S. stocks bounce 10:58PM UTC
U.S. telecoms industry set for M&A negotiations frenzy 10:55PM UTC
NHC says 30 percent chance of cyclone over central Atlantic 10:54PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Soccer-Terry to leave Chelsea at end of the season 10:51PM UTC
BRIEF-Kyorin holdings likely will see 10 percent rise in group operating profit for year ending in March 2018 - Nikkei 10:48PM UTC
Sri Lanka landslide death toll rises to 29, unknown number still missing 10:45PM UTC
Harley offers rare incentives to shift bike overhang - dealers 10:40PM UTC
Islamic State seeking alliance with al Qaeda, Iraqi vice president says 10:40PM UTC
US STOCKS-Wall St rises with earnings in spotlight 10:37PM UTC
Trump advisers to meet Tuesday to discuss Paris climate agreement 10:29PM UTC
BRIEF-Newrange Gold arranges up to $1.2 million financing 10:24PM UTC
Leicester hopeful of Morgan return for Atletico clash 10:21PM UTC
Arkansas prepping for lethal injections despite halt from courts 10:19PM UTC
Soccer-Leicester hopeful of Morgan return for Atletico clash 10:11PM UTC
Brazil to present pension reform proposal to congress allies -congressman 10:10PM UTC
Brighton on brink of promotion after 2-1 win over Wigan 10:08PM UTC
Soccer-Brighton on brink of promotion after 2-1 win over Wigan 10:05PM UTC
Women may be less apt to get surgery in war-torn countries 10:03PM UTC
Wells Fargo chairman and CEO buy shares as bank aims to bounce back 10:02PM UTC
BRIEF-Rockwell provides update regarding three units with interim liquidation order 10:02PM UTC
BRIEF-NCS Multistage Holdings Inc sees IPO of up to 9.5 mln shares of common stock 10:01PM UTC
MOVES-Morningstar Credit Ratings names Charles Citro managing director of CMBS 10:00PM UTC
Boeing plans more layoffs affecting hundreds of engineers-source 9:59PM UTC
Soccer-Terry to leave Chelsea at end of season 9:57PM UTC
Turkish PM says people's message clear, referendum has ended all arguments 9:53PM UTC
BRIEF-American Express preliminary card member loans stats for March 9:53PM UTC
Google to open up Android to rivals in out-of-court deal with Russia 9:52PM UTC
MOVES-Northern Trust Wealth Management hires new director of business owner consulting 9:51PM UTC
Google to open up Android to rivals in out-of-court deal with Russia 9:51PM UTC
UPDATE 2-Google to open up Android to rivals in out-of-court deal with Russia 9:49PM UTC
Athletics - Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui wins men's Boston Marathon 9:47PM UTC
Syrian envoy slams U.S. airfield attack 'message' to North Korea 9:46PM UTC
BRIEF-Eaton Vance says consolidated assets under management of $380.9 bln on March 31 9:44PM UTC
U.S. says notes concerns of European monitors in Turkey referendum 9:41PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Syrian envoy slams U.S. airfield attack "message" to North Korea 9:39PM UTC
Athletics - Kenya's Kiplagat wins women's Boston Marathon 9:37PM UTC
Albania arrests police, customs men over cannabis traffic 9:35PM UTC
BRIEF-Dean foods Co and Kraft Macaroni & Cheese announce strategic collaboration 9:34PM UTC
France's Macron, Le Pen edge further ahead of Fillon, Melenchon in poll 9:34PM UTC
Albania arrests police, customs men over cannabis traffic 9:33PM UTC
BRIEF-U.S. FCC grants experimental STA to Alps Electric North America Inc 9:32PM UTC
Russia checking threats against newspaper over Chechnya coverage - TASS 9:25PM UTC
Williams Partners sharpens natgas focus with petrochem plant sale 9:12PM UTC
EMERGING MARKETS-Brazil real jumps on central bank intervention 9:07PM UTC
UPDATE 2-Williams Partners sharpens natgas focus with petrochem plant sale 9:06PM UTC
BRIEF-Wells Fargo chairman Sanger buys 58,342 shares of co's common stock - filing 9:05PM UTC
US STOCKS-Wall St gains as focus shifts to earnings 9:05PM UTC
BRIEF-Epix and Frontier Communications renew distribution agreement 9:03PM UTC
BRIEF-Wells Fargo CEO reports purchase of 39,000 shares of co's common stock - filing 8:59PM UTC
BRIEF-PBF Logistics announces acquisition of Toledo Terminal from Sunoco Logistics 8:59PM UTC
Tunisia's economy to see recovery in 2017 - premier 8:58PM UTC
Mexican ex-governor extradition could take up to year - official 8:56PM UTC
BRIEF-FG Future shareholders to consider additional share issue on May 17 8:55PM UTC
Tribunal dismisses Cyrus Mistry's plea against Tata Sons 8:54PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Indian tribunal dismisses ex-chairman Mistry's plea against Tata Sons 8:53PM UTC
Burying 'Trumpomania,' Kremlin TV says Trump scarier than North Korean leader 8:53PM UTC
Blackstone to buy EagleClaw Midstream for about $2 billion 8:49PM UTC
UPDATE 2-Blackstone to buy EagleClaw Midstream for about $2 bln 8:47PM UTC
Syrian envoy slams U.S. airfield attack "message" to North Korea 8:45PM UTC
Once preposterous, now immediate; Margaret Atwood on 'Handmaid's Tale' 8:43PM UTC
BRIEF-Andersons Inc enters amended loan agreement for $800 mln credit facility- SEC filing 8:41PM UTC
MOVES-Citi appoints Carmen Haddad as Saudi head 8:40PM UTC
Burying 'Trumpomania,' Kremlin TV says Trump scarier than N.Korean leader 8:39PM UTC
BRIEF-Gmm Grammy updates on acquisition of 2.2 million shares of One Ent 8:39PM UTC
BRIEF-Jiangsu Xinri E-Vehicle's IPO attracted interest amounting to 6,750.5 times amount on offer 8:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Zhejiang Shibao and China Citic Bank entered into eighteenth Citic wealth management product agreement 8:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Sanderson Farms enters production agreement with House of Raeford Farms 8:35PM UTC
BRIEF-Krungthai Card Pcl reports qtrly net profit 732.5 mln baht 8:34PM UTC
BRIEF-Zhongsheng Group Holdings entered into subscription agreement 8:34PM UTC
Small plane crashes in Portugal near supermarket, killing five 8:34PM UTC
U.S. Treasury to sell $55 bln in 4-week bills 8:34PM UTC
Buffett's Berkshire, Chinese property portal Juwai.com team up 8:29PM UTC
BRIEF-Fitch says U.S. corporate credit profiles are broadly insulated from rising interest rates 8:27PM UTC
BRIEF-Duzhe Publishing & Media's trading in shares to resume on April 18 8:23PM UTC
'We want to learn' - Iraqi girls back at school after years under Islamic State 8:23PM UTC
Cleveland police widen manhunt for Facebook murder suspect 8:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Xinhuanet's share trade to halt as it is questioned by exchange 8:22PM UTC
BRIEF-Rostelecom plans placement of RUB 10 bln bonds 8:19PM UTC
Rescue on the Mediterranean - suffering, death and hope 8:18PM UTC
OncoMed's lung cancer drug fails mid-stage study, shares tumble 8:14PM UTC
UPDATE 2-OncoMed's lung cancer drug fails mid-stage study, shares tumble 8:13PM UTC
REFILE- LGBT advocates seek to label opponents as U.S. hate groups 8:10PM UTC
Dubai builder Arabtec asks banks to waive debt terms -sources 8:09PM UTC
CANADA STOCKS-TSX rises as banks, miners gain 8:05PM UTC
BRIEF-Fedex says experiencing technical issues with its website - tweet 8:03PM UTC
GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar down, gold gains on global risks; U.S. stocks inch up 8:01PM UTC
Pakistan says captured Islamic State bomber before planned Easter attack 8:00PM UTC
German town celebrates Easter with egg-throwing competition 7:54PM UTC
South Korea charges ousted leader Park and Lotte chief with bribery 7:54PM UTC
The long, rough ride ahead for 'Made in America' 7:52PM UTC
BRIEF-Gaz-Tek FY net result turns to profit of RUB 3.9 bln 7:52PM UTC
BRIEF-Bristol-Myers,Nordic Bioscience announce collaboration for fibrosis biomarker technology 7:51PM UTC
FOREX-Dollar slips to 5-month low vs yen on North Korea tensions 7:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Starbucks says will provide 100 mln healthy coffee trees to coffee farmers by 2025 7:49PM UTC
BRIEF-LONGi Green Energy plans to invest 1.35 bln yuan in photovoltaic project 7:45PM UTC
BRIEF-JPMorgan appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council 7:45PM UTC
BRIEF-Bank of America says credit card charge-off rate was 3.06 percent in March 7:39PM UTC
Chinese automakers SAIC, Geely turn up heat on global rivals 7:36PM UTC
Soccer-Scottish Cup semifinal fixtures 7:34PM UTC
Soccer-Champions League quarterfinal fixtures 7:34PM UTC
Soccer-English FA Cup semifinal fixtures 7:33PM UTC
Soccer-English premier league fixtures 7:31PM UTC
TABLE-Indian Corporate Bonds dealt-Apr 17 7:30PM UTC
US STOCKS-Wall St edges higher as tech, financials gain 7:28PM UTC
UPDATE 1-U.S. high court won't halt price-fixing class action against containerboard makers 7:27PM UTC
U.S. TIPS breakeven rates fall to lowest since December 7:27PM UTC
BRIEF-Crown Castle to buy Wilcon for about $600 mln 7:25PM UTC
TREASURIES-Yields rise as expected Quarles nomination seen helping banks 7:21PM UTC
U.S. top court leaves intact ruling against Central America asylum seekers 7:20PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Brazil's economy grew in Feb at fastest pace in 7 years 7:19PM UTC
Top Trump aide in Pakistan says terrorism must be fought 'in all forms' 7:17PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Saudi Al Rajhi Bank net +10.1 pct, RBS-backed Alawwal's profit drop 7:16PM UTC
BRIEF-People Corp says for three month period, revenues increased 39.6 pct 7:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Shanghai AJ gets regulatory approval to issue shares in private placement 7:12PM UTC
Chinese automakers SAIC, Geely turn up heat on global rivals 7:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Prospero secures C$1.5 mln strategic investment from Fortuna Silver Mines 7:11PM UTC
Standard Liege dismiss manager Jankovic 7:11PM UTC
BRIEF-Greenland's Q1 contract sales up 17.9 pct y/y 7:11PM UTC
U.S. high court won't halt price-fixing class action against containerboard makers 7:11PM UTC
BRIEF-Janus Dongguan Precision Components changes company name 7:10PM UTC
BRIEF-Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices signs marketing agreement with Juwai.com 7:09PM UTC
CANADA STOCKS-TSX rises as banking stocks bounce 7:08PM UTC
BRIEF-Euronet Worldwide intends to review amended merger agreement 7:07PM UTC
MIDEAST STOCKS-Two Saudi telcos surge, Abu Dhabi's Eshraq rebounds on tie-up with fund 7:05PM UTC
BRIEF-Klaus Kleinfeld steps down as chair and CEO of Arconic 7:05PM UTC
US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens higher as tech, bank stocks gain 7:02PM UTC
Atlanta and N.Y. Fed cut U.S. first quarter GDP view after weak data 7:02PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Atlanta and N.Y. Fed cut U.S. Q1 GDP view after weak data 7:01PM UTC
U.N. says Japanese troops start withdrawing from South Sudan mission 7:00PM UTC
Arconic CEO resigns following pressure from Elliott 6:59PM UTC
CANADA FX DEBT-C$ gains on strong China data, steady oil 6:58PM UTC
Wall Street banker Cohn moving Trump toward moderate policies 6:55PM UTC
Iraqi forces fight door-to-door in Mosul as battles enters seventh month 6:54PM UTC
Google reaches out-of-court deal with Russia over Android case 6:52PM UTC
Indian tribunal dismisses ex-chairman's plea against Tata firms - media 6:51PM UTC
BRIEF-Black Peony plans to issue commercial paper 6:51PM UTC
TABLE - Karachi Cotton Association Prices 6:48PM UTC
BRIEF-YUNDA's 2016 net profit up 120.9 percent y/y 6:48PM UTC
BRIEF-Poly Real Estate's 2016 net profit up 0.6 pct y/y 6:47PM UTC
NSE Wholesale Debt Market Trades-Apr 17 6:44PM UTC
Steel, stimulus drive China's strongest economic growth since 2015 6:44PM UTC
Steel, stimulus drive China's strongest economic growth since 2015 6:43PM UTC
Brazil's Meirelles says pension reform draft remains unfinished 6:43PM UTC
BRIEF-One Horizon held meeting to vote on proposal to authorize board to effect 6 to 1 reverse stock split of co's issued, outstanding common stock 6:42PM UTC
WRAPUP 3-Steel, stimulus drive China's strongest economic growth since 2015 6:41PM UTC
BRIEF-TISCO Financial Group reports qtrly net profit of 1.49 bln baht 6:41PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Small plane crashes in Portugal near supermarket, killing five 6:41PM UTC
BRIEF-Ocean Bio-Chem announces special cash dividend of $0.06 per/share 6:40PM UTC
BRIEF-Singulex announces $50 mln senior secured debt facility with perceptive advisors 6:39PM UTC
Top Trump aide in Pakistan says terrorism must be fought "in all forms" - US 6:39PM UTC
BRIEF-Oncobiologics says issued additional senior secured promissory notes that bear interest at a rate of 5 pct per year 6:39PM UTC
BRIEF-Perry Ellis announces Original Penguin Men's apparel agreement in South Africa 6:38PM UTC
Once preposterous, now immediate; Margaret Atwood on 'Handmaid's Tale' 6:36PM UTC
BRIEF-AmpliPhi Biosciences announces positive feedback from FDA on phase 2 development proposal 6:36PM UTC
BRIEF-Document Security Systems files patent infringement suits 6:35PM UTC
TABLE-India Commercial Papers deals on F-TRAC-Apr 17 6:34PM UTC
France's Macron denies suggestions of impropriety 6:34PM UTC
BRIEF-Crown Castle announces agreement to acquire Wilcon for about $600 mln 6:34PM UTC
TABLE-India Certificates of Deposit deals on F-TRAC-Apr 17 6:33PM UTC
BRIEF-Kamron Laboratories says Harshadkumar M. Nasit resigns as CFO 6:33PM UTC
Neymar confident of leading Barcelona to second miracle comeback 6:32PM UTC
BRIEF-Axis Bank keeps MCLRs of bank unchanged 6:32PM UTC
BRIEF-Saudi's Alinma Bank posts Q1 profit of 421 mln riyals 6:31PM UTC
BRIEF-Saudi's Alawwal Bank posts Q1 profit of 324 mln riyals 6:30PM UTC
BRIEF-Wesco International CEO John Engel's 2016 total compensation was $7 mln vs $6 mln in 2015 6:30PM UTC
FEATURE-Gold rush fever among poor Zimbabweans leaves trail of destruction 6:30PM UTC
US STOCKS-Wall Street looks set to open slightly higher 6:29PM UTC
BRIEF-Guoyuan Securities' 2016 profit falls, Q1 net profit up 13.1 pct y/y 6:29PM UTC
BRIEF-Navios Maritime Holdings confirms expiration time of exchange offer 6:28PM UTC
BRIEF-ISS recommends Consolidated-Tomoka shareholders vote "for" all 7 of company's director nominees 6:26PM UTC
BRIEF-Endeavour obtains further support from La Mancha through private placement 6:25PM UTC
BRIEF-Metlife says Peter Carlson will become executive vice president, COO of its Brighthouse Financial, effective June 1 6:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Indian Hotels Company to allot NCDs worth 2 bln rupees 6:23PM UTC
East India Cotton association Prices - April 17, 2017 6:21PM UTC
BRIEF-Consolidated-Tomoka Land announces new $2.7 mln land contract with preferred developer of specialty grocer 6:21PM UTC
BRIEF-Isle of Capri Casinos commences cash tender offer for any, all of its outstanding 5.875 pct senior notes due 2021 6:21PM UTC
BRIEF-Medidata to acquire Mytrus 6:20PM UTC
BRIEF-Inner Mongolia Tianshou Tech plans asset acquisition for 1.3 bln yuan 6:20PM UTC
BRIEF-Praxair commissions air separation plant on Burns Harbor, Indiana 6:19PM UTC
BRIEF-Beazer enters an agreement with Mohawk to include all flooring categories 6:19PM UTC
Blackstone to buy EagleClaw Midstream for about $2 bln 6:18PM UTC
BRIEF-Biomerica reports Q3 net loss of $304,141 6:18PM UTC
BRIEF-Clearwater Seafoods Incorporated announces proposes offering of senior unsecured notes 6:16PM UTC
Rajkot Oilseed Complex Close- April 17. 6:16PM UTC
BRIEF-TDM Bhd updates on March month production 6:14PM UTC
BRIEF-Mocon will be required to pay Ametek termination fee of $5.6 mln upon termination of merger 6:12PM UTC
German town celebrates Easter with egg-throwing competition 6:10PM UTC
Turkey referendum did not live up to Council of Europe standards, observer mission says 6:08PM UTC
Wells Fargo's banking agreement with Nevada extended 6:07PM UTC
ADVISORY-Alert from Shukra Pharma on ETICS solutions withdrawn 6:03PM UTC
ADVISORY-Alert from Shukra Pharma on ETICS solutions withdrawn 6:03PM UTC
BRIEF-HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Centre Léon Bérard enter molecular profiling research agreement 6:01PM UTC
BRIEF-Discover Financial Services says credit card delinquency rate 1.65 pct at March end 6:01PM UTC
BRIEF-Kuwait's Alimtiaz Investment shareholders increase FY cash dividend to 10 PCT 6:01PM UTC
BRIEF-Amag submits supplemental NDA for makena auto-injector 6:00PM UTC
BRIEF-Crispr Therapeutics, Casebia Therapeutics announce exclusive development and option agreement with Stridebio 5:59PM UTC
I'm a proven match winner, Moyes tells Sunderland boo-boys 5:59PM UTC
BRIEF-NV5 Global Inc to acquire Bock & Clark 5:59PM UTC
BRIEF-Oncomed's Phase 2 trial of Tarextumab in small cell lung cancer does not meet endpoints 5:58PM UTC
BRIEF-Puma Biotechnology announces FDA advisory committee to review neratinib for extended adjuvant treatment of HER2-positive early stage breast cancer 5:58PM UTC
Wartime economic crisis threatens education of millions of Yemeni children - U.N. 5:57PM UTC
Turkmenistan invites bids for second potash plant construction 5:57PM UTC
BRIEF-Mast reminds stockholders to vote for proposed merger with Savara 5:57PM UTC
BRIEF-Thermo Fisher Scientific transferred plastics for cell culture and vaccines to life sciences solutions segment 5:56PM UTC
BRIEF-Jordan Islamic Bank shareholders to discuss FY dividend on April 26 5:56PM UTC
BRIEF-Laureate Education announces proposed offering of up to $800 mln of senior notes 5:55PM UTC
BRIEF-Tio Networks receives final court approval for arrangement with Paypal Holdings 5:54PM UTC
Brazil's president says expects some ministers to step down 5:53PM UTC
OncoMed's lung cancer drug fails mid-stage study 5:53PM UTC
BRIEF-First Real Estate Investment Trust says Albert Saychuan Cheok ceased as chairman 5:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Berger Paints India signs memorandum of business exploration for ETICS 5:52PM UTC
BRIEF-Ametek to acquire Mocon 5:52PM UTC
BRIEF-Norsat International receives buyout proposal from Privet Fund Management 5:52PM UTC
BRIEF-Stillwater Mining Co announces CFIUS clearance related to proposed acquisition by Sibanye 5:49PM UTC
Duterte reappoints Philippine mining minister 5:49PM UTC
Saudi Arabia says tax on tobacco, drinks to raise up to $2.7 billion: Al Arabiya TV 5:49PM UTC
Marcos son takes step towards recount of Philippine VP vote 5:48PM UTC
BRIEF-Yunnan Metropolitan Real Estate to buy property assets for 2.7 bln yuan 5:48PM UTC
BRIEF-Tsinghua Tongfang's 2016 profit up, to buy China Medical & Healthcare's stake 5:47PM UTC
BRIEF-Booz Allen Hamilton announces launch of senior notes offering 5:47PM UTC
BRIEF-Torchlight announces private placement of $8 mln in unsecured promissory notes 5:46PM UTC
BRIEF-NexC Partners receives approval for normal course issuer bid 5:45PM UTC
BRIEF-Hindustan Petroleum Corp approves resumption of Rajasthan refinery project 5:44PM UTC
BRIEF-Synergy Pharmaceuticals appoints Gary Gemignani as chief financial officer 5:44PM UTC
BRIEF-Vegetable Oil Industries Q1 income rises 5:44PM UTC
BRIEF-Secure Energy Services acquires production chemicals business 5:43PM UTC
BRIEF-State of Nevada extends Wells Fargo banking agreement until 2021 5:42PM UTC
Soccer-I'm a proven match winner, Moyes tells Sunderland boo-boys 5:41PM UTC
UPDATE 2-European leaders respond cautiously to Turkey vote 5:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Janssen receives Health Canada approval of Darzalex by priority review 5:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Plateau uranium announces LOI for initial uranium offtake from Macusani project, Peru 5:35PM UTC
China's top insurance regulator removed for suspected disciplinary violations - Xinhua 5:35PM UTC
UPDATE 1-China's top insurance regulator removed for suspected disciplinary violations - Xinhua 5:34PM UTC
BRIEF-Transport Corporation of India says TCI Seaways adds vessel in west coast of India 5:34PM UTC
BRIEF-Apricus Biosciences files for offering of up to $6.0 mln of units 5:34PM UTC
UK says no decision taken yet on location of EU agencies post-Brexit 5:34PM UTC
BRIEF-Cleveland Biolabs announces European Medicines Agency positive opinion regarding entolimod pediatric investigation plan 5:33PM UTC
BRIEF-Williams Partners agrees to sell its interests in the Geismar Olefins Facility to Nova Chemicals 5:33PM UTC
Williams Partners to sell stake in petrochem plant for $2.1 bln 5:32PM UTC
BRIEF-Tatwah Smartech's unit plans to buy Asean Kypros Satellites 5:32PM UTC
BRIEF-Tata Steel to consider proposal for fund raising 5:32PM UTC
BRIEF-Chongqing Changan Automobile's 2016 net profit up, sets 2017 investment amounts 5:31PM UTC
BRIEF-J.B. Hunt Transport Services reports Q1 earnings per share $0.92 5:30PM UTC
RPT-JPMorgan tries TV stars, political muscle to regain mortgage footing 5:30PM UTC
BRIEF-Cleveland Biolabs announces commencement of in Vivo Biocomparability study 5:29PM UTC
BRIEF-NHPC says Mahesh Kumar Mittal designated as CFO 5:29PM UTC
UK says no decision taken yet on location of EU agencies post-Brexit 5:29PM UTC
For Syrian evacuees, bus bombing a tragic end to a tragic deal 5:28PM UTC
BRIEF-Sarissa Capital issues statement regarding its nomination of a minority slate to the board of Innoviva 5:28PM UTC
Sri Lankan rupee ends firmer on dollar selling by foreign banks 5:27PM UTC
BRIEF-Astaka Holdings says unveils show units for new development at Pengerang 5:26PM UTC
BRIEF-National Fertilizers gets LoI from SDSC-SHAR for establishing n2o4 production plant 5:25PM UTC
Putin calls for more investment given rouble fluctuations 5:24PM UTC
Sri Lankan shares snap 11-session winning streak on profit-taking 5:24PM UTC
BRIEF-Chandra Prabhu International appoints Gajraj Jain as Chairman cum MD 5:24PM UTC
Brazil's economic activity grows in Feb at fastest pace in 7 years 5:21PM UTC
Putin calls for more investment given rouble fluctuations 5:20PM UTC
BRIEF-Qatar Islamic Bank signs 1 bln riyals financing deal with Daewoo E&C 5:20PM UTC
Wall Street banker Gary Cohn moving Trump toward moderate policies 5:20PM UTC
Beijing tells state developers to stop hyping up property market: media 5:19PM UTC
BRIEF-Suzlon Energy commisions renewable projects for NALCO in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra 5:19PM UTC
India Money Market Rates-Apr 17 5:19PM UTC
Saudi Arabia pushes ahead with renewable drive to diversify energy mix 5:19PM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Sunway Communication gets regulatory approval for bonds issue 5:19PM UTC
Beijing tells state developers to stop hyping up property market - media 5:17PM UTC
TABLE-Thomson Reuters reference rates for India gilts 5:17PM UTC
REFILE-India's wholesale prices up 5.70 pct y/y in March 5:17PM UTC
India FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters-MIOCS for 3 years 6.72 pct 5:16PM UTC
India wholesale prices rise less than expected 5:13PM UTC
BRIEF-Zinc announces $11 million funding round led by strategic investment from GE Ventures 5:13PM UTC
BRIEF-Opto Circuits (India) appoints Somadas GC as MD 5:12PM UTC
BRIEF-KCG says in March KCG Institutional equities averaged 206.0 mln U.S. equity shares traded per day 5:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Cleantech Solutions says revenues will remain at or about its' current level in near future, although decline is possible 5:11PM UTC
BRIEF-HTG Molecular says entered into master services agreement with Daiichi Sankyo Company 5:09PM UTC
BRIEF-Citigroup to name Carmen Haddad as head for Saudi Arabia - Bloomberg, citing sources 5:09PM UTC
China to grow 5.5 pct less corn this cycle as acreage drops - poll 5:08PM UTC
BRIEF-Guosen Securities' 2016 net profit down 67.3 pct y/y at 4.6 bln yuan 5:08PM UTC
India FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters-MIOIS for six mths 6.34 pct 5:06PM UTC
UK planning scrappage scheme for diesel cars -report 5:01PM UTC
Pugh backs Bournemouth for strong finish to the season 5:00PM UTC
US STOCKS-Futures dip on soft U.S. data, geopolitical risks 4:59PM UTC
BRIEF-Key Alliance Group says unit received LOA for the design, build and management of data centre 4:58PM UTC
BRIEF-Barwa Real Estate appoints Hamad Rashid Al Kuwari as CEO of Waseef 4:57PM UTC
BRIEF-Tata Consultancy Services gets members' nod for share buyback 4:54PM UTC
BRIEF-DCB Bank gets members' nod for issue of shares to QIB 4:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Excel Force proposes to undertake share split 4:49PM UTC
BRIEF-PacWest Bancorp Q1 earnings per share $0.65 4:49PM UTC
BRIEF-Westport Fuel Systems announces signing of agreement to sell its APU assets for USD$70 mln 4:48PM UTC
BRIEF-Asia Media Group updates on resignation of independent and non executive chairman 4:47PM UTC
BRIEF-JA Solar Holdings' cumulative module shipments to India reached milestone of 1GW of capacity 4:47PM UTC
BRIEF-Emerge Energy Services says entered into a new term loan facility 4:46PM UTC
BRIEF-Fertilizers & Chemicals Travancore says not aware of any move to convert loan into equity 4:46PM UTC
BRIEF-Nabriva Therapeutics says supervisory, management board approves relocation of holding co of Nabriva AG, subsidiaries to Ireland 4:45PM UTC
TABLE-Oman February bank lending growth slowest since September 2009 4:45PM UTC
BRIEF-Capacite Infraprojects files for IPO 4:43PM UTC
BRIEF-Privet Fund offers US$11/share to acquire Norsat International 4:42PM UTC
North Korea on parade 4:41PM UTC
BRIEF-Installed Building Products announces successful refinancing 4:40PM UTC
Turkish economic weakness exposed in post-referendum data 4:40PM UTC
BRIEF-Regis Corp appoints Hugh Sawyer as president, CEO 4:39PM UTC
Soccer-Pugh backs Bournemouth for strong finish to the season 4:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Skyline Millars CFO Shivkumar Aiyar resigns 4:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Kim Loong Resources says March FFB production 32,270 MT 4:36PM UTC
Bahrain National Gas Expansion Co raises $515 mln loan 4:35PM UTC
BRIEF-M&T Bank Corporation Q1 operating earnings per share $2.15 4:35PM UTC
U.S. telecoms industry set for M&A negotiations frenzy 4:33PM UTC
Kremlin says will of Turkish people in referendum should be respected 4:32PM UTC
France urges dialogue in Turkey, says referendum lays bare divisions 4:31PM UTC
BRIEF-Lock-up period for Zhonghong Holding's 1.4 bln shares to end 4:31PM UTC
BRIEF-Tunghsu Azure Renewable Energy's share trade to halt pending announcement 4:30PM UTC
BRIEF-Huawen Media Investment's 2016 net profit up 4.2 pct y/y 4:30PM UTC
Turkey's pro-Kurdish opposition decries 'coup' by electoral authorities 4:30PM UTC
The long, rough ride ahead for "Made in America" 4:30PM UTC
RPT-ANALYSIS-Undaunted by oil bust, financiers pour billions into U.S. shale 4:30PM UTC
DEALTALK-U.S. telecoms industry set for M&A negotiations frenzy 4:30PM UTC
Kremlin says will of Turkish people in referendum should be respected 4:29PM UTC
India FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters-MIFOR for six mths 6.66 pct 4:28PM UTC
Indonesia police thwart plan by hardline Muslims to guard poll stations 4:28PM UTC
UPDATE 1-Soccer-Leicester's Shakespeare unsure of points target for survival 4:28PM UTC
BRIEF-Antero Resources Midstream Management adds underwriters to IPO 4:27PM UTC
Agnew hopeful of Middlesbrough survival 4:25PM UTC
BRIEF-Jason Holdings updates on adjournment of hearing for bankruptcy applications 4:25PM UTC
BRIEF-Tallgrass Energy increases quarterly distributions 4:24PM UTC
BRIEF-Lock-up period for Jiangsu Zhongnan Construction's 790.2 mln shares to end 4:24PM UTC
BRIEF-Medtecs International requests time extension to hold AGM 4:24PM UTC
Vettel victories could force a Mercedes rethink 4:24PM UTC
BRIEF-China Green Holdings updates on disposal of equity interest in indirect wholly-owned unit 4:23PM UTC
ICRA ratings for Indian debt instruments-Apr 17 4:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Philippine Bank of Communications says FY net income attributable 400.1 million pesos 4:22PM UTC
Motor racing-Vettel victories could force a Mercedes rethink 4:22PM UTC
BRIEF-First Pacific says proposed merger between NLEX Corp and Tollways Management 4:17PM UTC
BRIEF-Yiwu Huading Nylon plans asset acquisition via cash, share issue 4:14PM UTC
BRIEF-U.S. imposes anti-dumping, anti-subsidy duties on Sailun Jinyu's off-road tires 4:13PM UTC
Indonesia police thwart plan by hardline Muslims to guard poll stations 4:13PM UTC
BRIEF-China Pacific Insurance's Q1 premium income at 101.2 bln yuan 4:13PM UTC
BRIEF-U.S. imposes anti-dumping, anti-subsidy duties on Guizhou Tyre's off-road tires 4:12PM UTC
Soccer-Agnew hopeful of Middlesbrough survival 4:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Siteone Landscape Supply files for common stock offering of up to 8.5 mln shares 4:09PM UTC
BRIEF-Renesola signs agreement to sell 6.75mw of solar project in North Carolina 4:07PM UTC
BRIEF-PNM Resources Management to affirm co's 2017 consolidated ongoing earnings guidance of $1.77 to $1.87 per diluted share 4:07PM UTC
HSBC predicts 100 Saudi Arabian listings in privatisation drive 4:06PM UTC
BRIEF-New China Life Insurance reports Jan to March accumulated gross premium income 4:05PM UTC
UPDATE 1-HSBC predicts 100 Saudi Arabian listings in privatisation drive 4:04PM UTC
PPG CEO: AkzoNobel independence plan riskier than merger 4:03PM UTC
UPDATE 3-Daewoo Shipbuilding bondholders accept bailout plan after pension fund's agreement 4:01PM UTC
PPG CEO: AkzoNobel independence plan riskier than merger 4:00PM UTC
BRIEF-Cybermate Infotek approves issue of 7.5 mln equity share warrants to promoters 3:58PM UTC
BRIEF-Siteone Landscape Supply sees Q1 sales $332 mln - $337 mln 3:55PM UTC
Sensex ends slightly lower as investors turn cautious 3:54PM UTC
Germany says tight referendum result a big responsibility for Erdogan 3:53PM UTC
BRIEF-First Mid-Illinois Bancshares says on April 14 entered into first amendment to its fourth amended and restated credit agreement - SEC filing 3:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Zymeworks Inc sees IPO of up to 4.5 million common shares 3:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Anhui Zotye Automobile completes acquisition of motor company 3:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Tande's Q1 contract sales down 61.8 pct y/y at 675.2 mln yuan 3:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Cytodyn's Pro 140 for treating HIV deemed too broad for orphan drug designation by FDA 3:52PM UTC
BRIEF-Wintest to acquire RYOSHIN Maintenance Service 3:51PM UTC
BRIEF-JPMorgan Chase & Co delinquency rate 1.21 percent at March end 3:51PM UTC
BRIEF-Emerge Energy Services LP to acquire local sand operation for $20 mln 3:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Radware signs multi-million dollar product subscription agreement with major business information provider 3:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Insys therapeutics accepts resignation of Santosh Vetticaden, interim CEO 3:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Dhofar International Development and Investment Holding Q1 profit falls 3:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Chengzhi Shareholding unit to jointly set up investment management JV on health industry 3:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Snyder's-Lance Inc expects Q1 EPS $0.11-$0.12, says CEO Carl Lee to retire 3:49PM UTC
BRIEF-Emerald Expositions Events Inc sees IPO of up to 15.5 mln shares 3:49PM UTC
BRIEF-Christopher James reports a 5.9 pct passive stake in Pacira Pharmaceuticals 3:49PM UTC
BRIEF-Alere concluded its financial statements as of Dec 31, 2015 and 2014 should not be relied upon 3:48PM UTC
TABLE-Bahrain private sector lending shrinks in January 3:48PM UTC
Sensex ends slightly lower as investors turn cautious 3:48PM UTC
BRIEF-Hercules provides interim portfolio update for Q1 2017 3:48PM UTC
Russia says hopes U.S. will not act unilaterally against North Korea 3:47PM UTC
BRIEF-Uranium Resources enters into a controlled equity offering sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co 3:47PM UTC
North Korea snubbed Chinese diplomats - report 3:46PM UTC
BRIEF-United Community Banks announces appointment of Jefferson Harralson as CFO 3:46PM UTC
BRIEF-Floor & Decor Holdings announces launch of initial public offering 3:46PM UTC
BRIEF-Capital One's March domestic credit card net-charge off rate 5.44 pct 3:45PM UTC
Indian shares end slightly lower as investors turn cautious 3:45PM UTC
Russia says hopes USA will not act unilaterally against North Korea 3:43PM UTC
Turkey will discuss extending emergency rule on Monday, Deputy PM says 3:43PM UTC
Hull must focus on their own results to ensure survival - Silva 3:42PM UTC
UAE's Aldar Properties eyes mid-income market with $354 mln project 3:41PM UTC
SE Asia Stocks-Lower as investors opt for safer bets; Singapore falls 1 pct 3:41PM UTC
BRIEF-Jet Airways and Virgin Atlantic enhance India - USA connectivity 3:41PM UTC
China top insurance regulator removed for suspected disciplinary violations - Xinhua 3:41PM UTC
Soccer-Hull must focus on their own results to ensure survival - Silva 3:39PM UTC
ZTE Corp says Q1 profit up 27.8 pct y/y 3:38PM UTC
Turkey's main opposition calls for annulment of referendum 3:38PM UTC
BRIEF-Gruh Finance March-qtr profit rises 3:35PM UTC
BRIEF-Zhonghong Holding unit wins land auction worth 130 mln yuan 3:31PM UTC
UPDATE 1-China steel, iron ore extend losses as output data shows glut woes continue 3:30PM UTC
RPT-Wall Street banker Cohn moving Trump toward moderate policies 3:30PM UTC
South Africa's Ramaphosa says leaders must listen to protesters 3:29PM UTC
TABLE-India cenbank accepts one repo bid for 9.05 bln rupees 3:29PM UTC
BRIEF-Pigeon unit Pigeon Singapore Pte Ltd to raise stake in P.T. Pigeon Indonesia to 65 pct 3:27PM UTC
China's Tianjin port cracks down on coal in Beijing's war on smog: notice 3:27PM UTC
As Chelsea wobble, can Spurs surge to Premier League title? 3:27PM UTC
BRIEF-Jiangxi Boya Bio-Pharmaceutical plans share private placement, share trade to resume 3:25PM UTC
BRIEF-Thriven Global initiats negotiations with Modern State Management Ltd 3:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Bharat Rasayan issues commercial paper worth 200 mln rupees 3:23PM UTC
Indonesia car sales rise 7.9 pct y/y in March 3:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Keppel DC REIT posts net property income of S$28.844 mln for Q12017 3:22PM UTC
BRIEF-Allwin Telecommunication sees H1 FY 2017 net loss to be 15 mln yuan to 25 mln yuan 3:18PM UTC
Soccer-As Chelsea wobble can Spurs surge to Premier League title? 3:14PM UTC
BRIEF-Pincon Spirit seeks members' nod for issue & allotment of 5.7 mln warrants 3:11PM UTC
BRIEF-Willplus Holdings unit to buy VOLVO dealer business 3:11PM UTC
BRIEF-Xi'an Catering sees H1 FY 2017 net loss to be 0.5 mln yuan to 6 mln yuan 3:10PM UTC
CARE ratings for Indian debt instruments-Apr 17 3:07PM UTC
BRIEF-Mulpha International updates on share consolidation 3:03PM UTC
BRIEF-RFTech says subscription results of first series convertible bonds 3:01PM UTC
BRIEF-Yango Group to pay annual cash div as 0.50 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 3:00PM UTC
BRIEF-India cenbank sets cut-off rate of 6.22 pct at overnight variable rate reverse repo auction 2:59PM UTC
BRIEF-Suzhou New Sea Union Telecom Technology sees Q1 2017 net profit to be 10-15 mln yuan 2:56PM UTC
Indonesia March motorbike sales down 15.9 pct y/y - Astra 2:54PM UTC
BRIEF-Sync Power announces no div for 2016 2:51PM UTC
BRIEF-M1 Ltd says Qtrly net profit S$36.3 million 2:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Fastprint Circuit Tech sees Q1 2017 net profit up 60-90 pct 2:47PM UTC
BRIEF-NanHua Bio-medicine sees Q1 FY 2017 net loss to be 4 mln yuan to 5 mln yuan 2:46PM UTC
BRIEF-ZTE's Q1 net profit up, plans industry fund with partners 2:45PM UTC
BRIEF-Suzhou Good-Ark Electronics sees Q1 2017 net profit up 20-50 pct 2:44PM UTC
BUZZ-Indiabulls Real Estate jumps to over 6-yr high on restructuring plans 2:44PM UTC
China says graft suspect on run in Canada gives self up 2:43PM UTC
BRIEF-Inesa Intelligent Tech signs smart city contract worth 331.8 mln yuan 2:42PM UTC
BRIEF-Fortuna provides update on regulatory review 2:42PM UTC
BRIEF-Shandong Minhe Animal Husbandry sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 70-80 mln yuan 2:42PM UTC
Merkel and Gabriel say respect right of Turks to decide on constitution 2:40PM UTC
BRIEF-Boditech Med to dispose treasury shares for 23.6 mln won 2:40PM UTC
BRIEF-Uber's Indonesia rival Go-Jek in talks to raise $1 bln - WSJ 2:39PM UTC
BRIEF-Oro confirms to issue 150,000 shares to Nomura Securities 2:38PM UTC
India plans stake sales worth $5.4 billion in seven state-run firms 2:38PM UTC
BRIEF-Modacom to change co name to Moda 2:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Shijiazhuang Changshan Textile sees Q1 FY 2017 net loss to be 11 mln yuan to 13 mln yuan 2:37PM UTC
BRIEF-Northeast Pharmaceutical Group to swing to profit in Q1 FY 2017 2:34PM UTC
India plans stake sales worth $5.4 bln in seven state-run firms 2:34PM UTC
BRIEF-AVIT's board elects Chen Kunjiang as chairman 2:33PM UTC
BRIEF-Hangzhou Tigermed Consulting's share trade to halt pending announcement 2:32PM UTC
BRIEF-Chengdu Hi-tech Development sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to be 86 mln yuan to 105 mln yuan 2:31PM UTC
Southampton's Stephens pleased with Yoshida partnership 2:31PM UTC
BRIEF-Al Amin For Investment posts Q1 profit 2:30PM UTC
BRIEF-Jayjun to change name to Jayjun Cosmetic 2:30PM UTC
Iraq completes repairs at Basra oil jetty, loading operations resume: sources 2:29PM UTC
BRIEF-ACT lowers conversion price of first series bonds to 9,703 won/share 2:26PM UTC
BRIEF-Zhejiang Qianjiang Motorcycle sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit down 44.7 pct to 63.2 pct 2:26PM UTC
CRISIL ratings for Indian debt instruments-Apr 17 2:23PM UTC
BRIEF-3I infotech seeks members' nod for issue of shares against conversion of portion of outstanding amounts 2:23PM UTC
Soccer-Southampton's Stephens pleased with Yoshida partnership 2:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Dongkook Ind lowers conversion price of 6th series bonds to 2,832 won/share 2:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Barunson Entertainment & Arts lowers conversion price of 16th series bonds to 2,779 won/share 2:21PM UTC
RPT-UPDATE 2-Daewoo Shipbuilding bondholders accept bailout plan after pension fund's agreement 2:15PM UTC
BRIEF-Meiho Enterprise acquires property based in Tokyo 2:11PM UTC
BRIEF-R&I affirms Miraca Holdings's rating at "A" and says stable outlook-R&I 2:10PM UTC
BRIEF-Idea International to sign commitment line agreement with ORIX Bank 2:10PM UTC
BRIEF-Philtrust Bank FY net interest income 2.75 billion pesos 2:10PM UTC
UPDATE 1-S.Korea charges ousted leader Park and Lotte chief with bribery 2:05PM UTC
CORRECTED-BRIEF-Jyothy Labs says news report on extension for Henkel to buy stake incorrect 2:04PM UTC
BRIEF-G-Smatt Global lowers conversion price of 4th series bonds to 13,951 won/share 2:02PM UTC
Indonesia's Telkom says in talks to team up with Netflix 2:02PM UTC
BRIEF-Beijing Centergate Technologies (Holding) sees Q1 2017 net loss to be about 28-35 mln yuan 2:00PM UTC
BRIEF-Global Infotech to buy tech firm for 414 mln yuan via cash 2:00PM UTC
BRIEF-LEED lowers conversion price of second series bonds to 10,076 won/share 1:59PM UTC
BRIEF-China Lodging Group reports preliminary results for hotel operation in Q1 2017 1:57PM UTC
BRIEF-Weifu High-Technology Group's 2016 net profit up 10.4 pct y/y 1:57PM UTC
BRIEF-Hunan Investment Group sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to up 75 pct to 125 pct 1:57PM UTC
Indian Sugar Prices-Mumbai - April 17, 2017 1:55PM UTC
Indonesia's Telkom says in talks to team up with Netflix 1:55PM UTC
BOJ deputy gov says internally debating tools for ending easy policy-Jiji 1:55PM UTC
Rajkot Foodgrain Prices- April 17, 2017 1:54PM UTC
Rajkot Castor seeds Futures Open- April 17, 2017 1:54PM UTC
Rajkot Oilseeds Complex Open- April 17, 2017 1:54PM UTC
Rajkot Domestic Freight Charges- April 17, 2017 1:54PM UTC
BRIEF-Jinyuan Cement sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 30 mln yuan to 39 mln yuan 1:54PM UTC
Nagpur Soybean, Soyoil, Soymeal Open- April 17, 2017 1:53PM UTC
Nagpur Foodgrain Prices Open- April 17, 2017 1:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Sterling Tools seeks members' nod to issue equity shares of up to 450 mln rupees 1:52PM UTC
Russia says plans a meeting with U.S. and U.N. on Syria in Geneva - agencies 1:49PM UTC
Swansea believe they can avoid drop, says midfielder Ki 1:49PM UTC
BRIEF-Guilin Tourism sees Q1 2017 net loss to be about 1.6 mln yuan 1:49PM UTC
Turkish electoral board head says ballots, envelopes in referendum are valid 1:48PM UTC
BRIEF-Indorama Ventures to buy tire cord business via indirect unit 1:46PM UTC
Removal of Thai revolution plaque raises democracy concerns 1:45PM UTC
BRIEF-Ingenious Ene-Carbon New Materials sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 20-40 mln yuan 1:44PM UTC
Turkey's Erdogan declares referendum victory, opponents plan challenge 1:44PM UTC
BRIEF-Wedge Industrial sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 19.5 mln yuan to 26.3 mln yuan 1:42PM UTC
BRIEF-Orient Paper & Industries recommends interim dividend of 0.50 rupees/shr 1:42PM UTC
Soccer-Swansea believe they can avoid drop, says midfielder Ki 1:42PM UTC
Russia says plans a meeting with USA and UN on Syria in Geneva - agencies 1:40PM UTC
MIDEAST STOCKS-Saudi banks buoyed by results, Eshraq rises on fund tie-up 1:39PM UTC
BRIEF-Sichuan Jiuzhou Electronic sees Q1 2017 net profit down 80.8-100 pct 1:37PM UTC
Roche's emicizumab hemophilia drug shows positive results with children 1:36PM UTC
BRIEF-Beijing Trust & Far Technology to withdraw share private placement proposal 1:36PM UTC
BRIEF-Searainbow Holding sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 33 mln yuan to 39 mln yuan 1:35PM UTC
Tokyo Steel holds product prices unchanged for a third month 1:34PM UTC
BRIEF-CCOOP Group sees Q1 2017 net profit to be about 110-150 mln yuan 1:34PM UTC
Roche's emicizumab haemophilia drug shows positive results with children 1:33PM UTC
BRIEF-Digital China Group to swing to profit in Q1 FY 2017 1:33PM UTC
BRIEF-China Real Estate sees Q1 2017 net loss to be about 24.4 mln yuan 1:30PM UTC
BRIEF-Lee Chi Enterprises announces demise of chairman 1:26PM UTC
BRIEF-Ningbo Joyson Electronic sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to increase by 70 pct to 80 pct 1:23PM UTC
BRIEF-Nippon Prologis REIT completes sale of property for 15.7 bln yen 1:19PM UTC
BRIEF-Infotmic sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to be 5.7 mln yuan 1:18PM UTC
Golf-World Rankings 1:15PM UTC
BRIEF-Tai-Ling Biotech announces 2016 dividend payment 1:14PM UTC
BRIEF-Xiamen Unigroup Xue to swing to profit in Q1 FY 2017 1:14PM UTC
S.Korea prosecutors charge ousted leader Park and Lotte chief with bribery 1:14PM UTC
BRIEF-Yang Guang sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 22.5-45.5 mln yuan 1:14PM UTC
Everton want to finish among Premier League elite, says Williams 1:13PM UTC
BRIEF-India cenbank sets cut-off rate of 6.24 pct at 7-day variable rate reverse repo auction 1:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Shanghai New World sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to up 1830 pct to 1880 pct 1:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Anubhav Infrastructure approves investment of 20 mln rupees for unit 1:10PM UTC
BRIEF-Xiangyang Automobile Bearing sees Q1 2017 net profit to be about 3.1 mln yuan 1:10PM UTC
BRIEF-India cenbank sets 6.24 pct cut-off at 11-day variable rate reverse repo auction 1:10PM UTC
BRIEF-Gansu Huangtai Wine-marketing Industry sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 9 mln yuan to 11 mln yuan 1:09PM UTC
BRIEF-India cenbank sets 6.24 pct cut-off at 28-day variable rate reverse repo auction 1:08PM UTC
Soccer-Everton want to finish among Premier League elite, says Williams 1:07PM UTC
BRIEF-Chalkis Health Industry sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 23 mln yuan 1:07PM UTC
BRIEF-Lanzhou Sanmao Industrial sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to narrow 1:04PM UTC
BRIEF-MCC Meili Cloud Computing Industry Investment sees Q1 FY 2017 net loss to be 9 mln yuan to 11 mln yuan 1:04PM UTC
BRIEF-Konka Group sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to be 21 mln yuan to 29 mln yuan 1:00PM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Fountain sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 5-9 mln yuan 1:00PM UTC
China reiterates opposition to South Korea's THAAD anti-missile system 12:59PM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Quanxinhao sees Q1 2017 net profit to be 0.2-0.3 mln yuan 12:57PM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Shenbao Industrial sees Q1 FY 2017 net loss to be 8 mln yuan to 12 mln yuan 12:55PM UTC
TABLE-Foreign trading in South Korean stocks 12:53PM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Kondarl Group sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 15-20 mln yuan 12:51PM UTC
BRIEF-HCL Technologies renews transformational IT engagement with Singapore Exchange 12:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Vanfund Urban Investment and Development sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 3 mln yuan to 5 mln yuan 12:50PM UTC
BRIEF-Zhongrun Resources Investment sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 30-39 mln yuan 12:46PM UTC
BRIEF-HNA Investment Group to swing to profit in Q1 FY 2017 12:45PM UTC
Pence puts North Korea on notice not to test U.S. resolve, citing Syria strike 12:45PM UTC
China shares fall as regulator warns against speculation 12:45PM UTC
Troubled Saudi Oger sells 2.8 pct stake in Saudi Investment Bank 12:43PM UTC
BRIEF-Marimo Regional Revitalization REIT to acquire property for 640 mln yen 12:43PM UTC
U.S.'s Pence puts North Korea on notice not to test U.S. resolve, citing Syria strike 12:43PM UTC
BRIEF-Xiamen Xiangyu issues 1 bln yuan 2017 1st tranche mid-term bills 12:41PM UTC
BRIEF-Future Land Holdings issues 1.5 bln yuan 2017 2nd tranche mid-term bills 12:41PM UTC
BRIEF-Aerospace Hi-Tech Holding Group sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit up 4.2 pct to 20.8 pct 12:41PM UTC
BRIEF-Jiangsu Youli Investment Holding sees Q1 2017 net loss to be about 13.1-19.7 mln yuan 12:40PM UTC
BRIEF-Hubei Guangji Pharmaceutical sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to be 23.1 mln yuan to 26 mln yuan 12:38PM UTC
BRIEF-Humanwell Healthcare Group issues 500 mln yuan 2017 1st tranche mid-term bills 12:38PM UTC
BRIEF-Lvjing Holding sees Q1 FY 2017 net loss to be 19 mln yuan to 23 mln yuan 12:36PM UTC
BRIEF-People.cn unit to invest 30 mln yuan in equity investment LP worth 200 mln yuan 12:33PM UTC
BRIEF-Guangdong Xinhui Meida Nylon sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to increase by 294.9 pct 12:31PM UTC
BRIEF-Alembic Pharmaceuticals says no 483s issued by FDA for Baroda bioequivalence facility  inspection 12:30PM UTC
TABLE-Thomson Reuters reference rates for India gilts 12:29PM UTC
BRIEF-Horiifoodservice says TBI offers takeover bid for its shares 12:29PM UTC
Aide to Turkey's Erdogan aide says interest rates are a 'sickness' 12:27PM UTC
BRIEF-India cenbank says yield on 329-day t-bills under MSS at 6.3825 pct 12:25PM UTC
BRIEF-Take And Give Needs to buy wedding costume rental and sale business 12:24PM UTC
BRIEF-Guangdong Goworld sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to increase by 280 pct to 320 pct 12:23PM UTC
BRIEF-PVP Ventures approves issue of NCDs up to 5 bln rupees 12:22PM UTC
BRIEF-DongGuan Winnerway Industrial Zone to pay annual cash div as 1 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 12:22PM UTC
TABLE-India's wholesale prices rise 5.70 pct y/y in March 12:20PM UTC
BRIEF-Fujian Zhangzhou Development to pay annual cash div as 0.3 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 12:19PM UTC
BRIEF-Lead Eastern Investment sees Q1 2017 net profit up about 30 pct 12:17PM UTC
BRIEF-Huawen Media Investment to pay annual cash div as 0.45 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 12:16PM UTC
India Ratings for Indian debt instruments – Apr 17 12:15PM UTC
BRIEF-WATTS to dissolve wholly owned China-based unit 12:15PM UTC
Sri Lankan rupee firm on foreign bank dlr sales; stocks fall 12:15PM UTC
BRIEF-Guangdong Goworld to pay annual cash div as 1 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 12:14PM UTC
BRIEF-Hainan Yatai Industrial Developent sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 1.6-2 mln yuan 12:14PM UTC
TABLE-Marimo Regional Revitalization Reit-6 MTH forecast 12:13PM UTC
BRIEF-Aditya Birla Nuvo restarts ammonia/urea plants at Jagdishpur 12:13PM UTC
TABLE-Marimo Regional Revitalization Reit-6 MTH forecast 12:13PM UTC
BRIEF-Hubei Fuxing Sci & Tech appoints Tan Shaoqun as Chairman, Feng Junxiu as CFO 12:12PM UTC
BRIEF-Shinwa Art Auction unit to own 99.9 pct stake in Shinwa Apec Malaysia SDN BHD via private placement 12:11PM UTC
TOCOM urges early settlement of April rubber contract amid low stocks 12:09PM UTC
BRIEF-Sankyo Seiko appoints GYOSEI & CO. as new firm auditor 12:09PM UTC
Asia FX rises as dollar loses lustre; Philippine peso pares gains 12:09PM UTC
BRIEF-TMB Bank posts Q1 net profit of 2.10 bln baht 12:04PM UTC
Spurs aiming to heap more pressure on Chelsea, says Kane 12:04PM UTC
BOJ Kuroda: Need to continue with easy policy for price target 12:03PM UTC
BRIEF-China CIFCO Investment sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to be 4 mln yuan to 5.3 mln yuan 12:02PM UTC
BRIEF-India plans share sales in 7 state-run cos including IOC, NTPC, SAIL 11:59AM UTC
BRIEF-Lifan Industry Group to pay cash div 0.5 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 11:58AM UTC
JGBs firm on cue from U.S. Treasury yields 11:58AM UTC
BRIEF-Saudi's Bank Aljazira posts Q1 profit of 216 mln riyals 11:57AM UTC
BRIEF-BTG Hotels Group sees FY 2017 Q1 net profit to increase by 380 pct to 450 pct 11:56AM UTC
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks, dollar under pressure after soft U.S. data 11:54AM UTC
Japanese stocks eke out gains in holiday-thinned trade 11:54AM UTC
Singapore private home sales in March highest in nearly 4 years 11:53AM UTC
BRIEF-Zhejiang Yinlun Machinery to pay annual cash div as 0.38 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 11:53AM UTC
BRIEF-Neusoft unit to set up new energy power system unit in Wuhan 11:52AM UTC
China's first-quarter property investment accelerates, defying curbs 11:50AM UTC
BRIEF-Reliance Infra says Reliance Defence ties up with South Korean defence major LIG Nex1 11:49AM UTC
BRIEF-Zhejiang Golden Eagle to pay cash 1 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 11:49AM UTC
Soccer-Spurs aiming to heap more pressure on Chelsea, says Kane 11:48AM UTC
BRIEF-Balaji Telefilms says ALT Balaji integrates Airtel payments bank 11:46AM UTC
BRIEF-Tongwei to pay cash 0.8 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 11:46AM UTC
BRIEF-SHOKO receives report from special investigation committee 11:45AM UTC
BRIEF-Guizhou Bailing Group Pharmaceutical appoints Zheng Rong as CFO 11:45AM UTC
BRIEF-ReproCell says exercise of options 11:41AM UTC
Indian shares little changed as investors focus on company results 11:41AM UTC
BRIEF-FreakOut Holdings to sign commitment line contract for 1 bln yen 11:38AM UTC
BRIEF-Pharma Foods International to divest 40 pct stake in Pharma Foods Korea for 703 mln won 11:37AM UTC
BRIEF-Intellect Design Arena says Central Bank of Armenia chooses co for digital revamp 11:35AM UTC
BRIEF-Punj Lloyd unit gets EPC contract 11:34AM UTC
Daewoo Shipbuilding bondholders accept bailout plan after pension fund's agreement 11:32AM UTC
SE Asia Stocks-Largely down as investors take focus off risky assets 11:31AM UTC
S.Korea finmin says economy doing better than expected, N.Korea a risk 11:30AM UTC
RPT-EXCLUSIVE-Saudi to shelve, reform billions of dollars of unfinished projects -sources 11:30AM UTC
BRIEF-Tirupati Sarjan gets order for construction of hospital building for GCRI 11:26AM UTC
Saudi Al Rajhi Bank net profit up 10.1 pct, beats consensus 11:26AM UTC
BRIEF-Steyr Motors sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 44 mln yuan 11:25AM UTC
EM ASIA FX- Asia FX rises as dollar loses lustre; Philippine pares gains 11:21AM UTC
MIDEAST STOCKS-Saudi banks may bounce on Q1 beat, Mubadala plan aid Eshraq 11:19AM UTC
Under-fire Arsenal defender Bellerin gets Wenger's backing 11:18AM UTC
BRIEF-Al Rajhi Banking and Investment Corp reports Q1 profit 2.22 bln riyals 11:17AM UTC
Soccer-Under-fire Arsenal defender Bellerin gets Wenger's backing 11:15AM UTC
BRIEF-Unichem Labs gets USFDA ANDA approval for Piroxicam capsules USP 11:08AM UTC
BRIEF-CammSys receives patent 11:07AM UTC
BRIEF-Hainan HNA Infrastructure Investment Group to pay no div for FY 2016 11:05AM UTC
BRIEF-DE&T signs 18.93 bln won contract 11:05AM UTC
BRIEF-Jabal Omar Development reports Qtrly profit of 62.4 mln riyals 11:04AM UTC
BRIEF-Donlinks International Investment sees Q1 2017 net loss to be about 5 mln yuan 11:04AM UTC
BRIEF-East West Banking Corp says FY net income attributable 3.41 bln pesos 11:03AM UTC
BRIEF-Tes signs contract worth 23.3 bln won 11:02AM UTC
Analysis: Undaunted by oil bust, financiers pour billions into U.S. shale 10:46AM UTC
BRIEF-Lawton Development to pay no div for FY 2016 10:46AM UTC
BRIEF-Xinlong Holding Group sees Q1 2017 net profit to be 1.5-2 mln yuan 10:45AM UTC
BRIEF-Yunnan Nantian Electronics Information sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 40-50 mln yuan 10:41AM UTC
BRIEF-HaiNan Pearl River Holdings expects to return profitable in FY 2017 Q1 10:37AM UTC
Shanghai shares drop as regulator vows to 'brandish the sword' to stop misdeeds 10:37AM UTC
BRIEF-Genentech announces positive interim results for Emicizumab in phase III study of children with Hemophilia A 10:37AM UTC
BRIEF-NCXX Group to repurchase shares 10:37AM UTC
BRIEF-BHEL commissions two 270 MW thermal units in Maharashtra 10:34AM UTC
ANALYSIS-Undaunted by oil bust, financiers pour billions into U.S. shale 10:30AM UTC
Olympics - 2018 Games torch relay to begin in November 10:24AM UTC
BRIEF-Xin Jiang Ready Health Industry plans medical unit in Xinjiang and commercial management JV in Shanghai 10:22AM UTC
United Airlines removes couple traveling to wedding from plane 10:21AM UTC
UPDATE 1-United Air removes couple traveling to wedding from plane 10:17AM UTC
Singapore March exports beat expectations as trade recovery widens 10:16AM UTC
China's graft watchdog investigates senior inspector in drive to tackle internal rot 10:15AM UTC
BRIEF-Endurance Technologies enters into license, technical assistance agreement with BWI North America Inc 10:12AM UTC
BRIEF-Dongfeng Automobile to pay cash div 0.33 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 10:12AM UTC
BRIEF-Dongfeng Automobile plans agreement with Dongfeng Motor on trademark use authorization 10:11AM UTC
BUZZ-India's Dr. Reddy's Labs rises; FDA has no observations for plant 10:08AM UTC
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - April 17 10:07AM UTC
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - April 17 10:01AM UTC
China March steel output climbs to highest on record 10:00AM UTC
BRIEF-Zuari Agro Chemicals' urea/ammonia plants resume production 9:59AM UTC
BUZZ-India's Reliance Power rises; March-quarter profit surges 9:58AM UTC
BRIEF-Aldar Properties launches mid-market homes on Reem Island 9:56AM UTC
UPDATE 5-Cleveland police seek man they say broadcast killing on Facebook 9:51AM UTC
BRIEF-Beijing Highlander Digital's unit to boost capital by 646 mln yuan 9:47AM UTC
BRIEF-Hangzhou Huaxing Chuangye Communication Tech buys stake in tech firm 9:47AM UTC
Mourinho hails Herrera and Darmian after sinking Chelsea 9:45AM UTC
BRIEF-Explosion at Guanfu Holdings' unit kills two people 9:45AM UTC
Conte takes blame after Chelsea fall at Old Trafford 9:45AM UTC
Taiwan stocks fall slightly; U.S. keeps country on currency monitoring list 9:43AM UTC
India FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters-MITOR based on dlr/rupee swap 9:32AM UTC
Japan PM urges North Korea to refrain from more provocative actions 9:31AM UTC
Legitimacy of referendum open to debate, Turkey opposition head says 9:30AM UTC
TABLE-Outstanding Government of India securities-Apr 17 Part-II 9:30AM UTC
Germany glad bitter Turkish referendum campaign over - foreign minister 9:29AM UTC
BRIEF-Indiabulls Real Estate considers streamlining existing residential, commercial & leasing businesses 9:28AM UTC
Motor racing - Pained Bottas says Mercedes team orders made sense 9:27AM UTC
BRIEF-Nanjing Putian Telecommunications sees Q1 2017 net loss to be 20-21 mln yuan 9:27AM UTC
Expert views: China Q1 GDP growth picks up to 6.9 percent, better than forecast 9:26AM UTC
Motor racing - Vettel loving life with revived Ferrari 9:26AM UTC
TABLE-Outstanding Government of India securities-Apr 17 Part-I 9:26AM UTC
Motor racing - Hamilton takes no solace in second place 9:25AM UTC
GRAINS-Soybeans hit 2-week high on U.S. planting delay, corn eases 9:25AM UTC
Turkey's Erdogan to chair cabinet meeting on Monday - CNN Turk 9:23AM UTC
Sainz given three-place grid penalty for Russian GP 9:22AM UTC
BRIEF- Yihua Healthcare sees Q1 2017 net profit down 95.3-96.4 pct 9:21AM UTC
Fugitive Mexican ex-governor arrested for graft, awaits extradition 9:21AM UTC
BRIEF-Guangdong Homa Appliances updates proposal on annual div payment plan for FY 2016 9:19AM UTC
China steel, iron ore extend losses as output data renews glut woes 9:19AM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Capstone Industrial sees Q1 2017 net profit to be 85-95 mln yuan 9:18AM UTC
TABLE-India cenbank says reverse repo bids fall to 161.72 bln rupees 9:18AM UTC
Taiwan says ready to review Chinese activist's asylum request 9:17AM UTC
Claiming victory, Turkey's Erdogan says may take death penalty to referendum 9:17AM UTC
Vettel wins Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Hamilton 9:14AM UTC
BRIEF-Larsen & Toubro's construction arm gets orders worth 26.94 bln rupees 9:13AM UTC
BRIEF-Jiangsu Sihuan Bioengineering sees Q1 2017 net profit to be about 14 mln yuan 9:11AM UTC
BRIEF-Qatar's Ahli Bank Q1 profit rises 9:11AM UTC
With Ibrahimovic resting, Rashford rises to the occasion 9:10AM UTC
MEDIA-Dilip Buildcon to monetise old projects to execute new hybrid annuity ones - Business Standard 9:08AM UTC
MEDIA-State Bank of India slips on tractor loan settlement plan - Business Standard 9:07AM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Capstone Industrial to pay annual div for FY 2016 9:07AM UTC
ADVISORY-Media link on downgrade of Coal India's mines wrongly coded to Cairn India 9:05AM UTC
ADVISORY-Media link on downgrade of Coal India's mines wrongly coded to Cairn India 9:05AM UTC
BRIEF-Rongan Property sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to up 11,337.7 pct to 13,244 pct 9:05AM UTC
UPDATE 1-China's Q1 property investment accelerates, defying curbs 9:04AM UTC
BRIEF-Changsha Tongcheng to pay annual cash div as 1.2 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 9:03AM UTC
BRIEF-Spearhead Integrated Marketing Communication to pay annual cash div, to set up investment JV 8:59AM UTC
RPT-India fwd/annualised dlr premia-(close)-Apr 13 8:58AM UTC
MEDIA-National coal quality watchdog downgrades 177 mines of Coal India on quality concerns - Mint 8:58AM UTC
China March steel output climbs to highest on record 8:57AM UTC
Turkish leadership should carefully consider next steps - Council of Europe 8:57AM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Wongtee International Enterprise sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to up 145.1 pct to 194.1 pct 8:56AM UTC
BRIEF-Guangxi Radio and Television Information Network to set up two wholly owned units 8:54AM UTC
MEDIA-Reva founder looks to launch zero-emission electric cars in India at affordable rates - Business Standard 8:53AM UTC
MIDEAST STOCKS - Factors to watch - April 17 8:52AM UTC
UPDATE 1-China March steel output climbs to highest on record 8:50AM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen CAU Technology sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 1 mln yuan to 3 mln yuan 8:50AM UTC
Istanbul residents bang pots and pans in protest at vote outcome 8:49AM UTC
MEDIA-Volvo plans to set up assembly facility in India for its expansion plans - Times of India 8:49AM UTC
Motor racing - McLaren's woes continue with bad day for Vandoorne and Alonso 8:48AM UTC
Morning News Call - India, April 17 8:47AM UTC
FACTBOX: Despite tough talk on North Korea, Trump's options limited 8:45AM UTC
Debut disappointment for coach Adams as Celta sink Granada 8:45AM UTC
MEDIA-India's Apollo Tyres plans to raise market share in Europe to 3.5 pct from 2.5 pct - Business Standard 8:44AM UTC
Golf - Bryan beats Donald by one stroke at Heritage 8:44AM UTC
BRIEF-Anhui Lucky Health Technology to pay annual cash div as 0.3 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:42AM UTC
MEDIA-Indian banks want RBI, finance ministry to tweak CDR norms - Mint 8:41AM UTC
Jet-lagged Johnson limps to Houston clay court victory 8:41AM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Jiawei Photovoltaic Lighting changes dividend proposal for 2016 8:41AM UTC
BRIEF-Hangzhou CNCR-IT to pay annual cash div as 2.2 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:40AM UTC
China's Lander Sports scraps plans to buy stake in Southampton 8:40AM UTC
Fan in coma after violence at Argentine soccer match 8:39AM UTC
BRIEF-Everyday Network to pay annual cash div as 1.2 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:38AM UTC
Bayern's Lewandowski set to face Madrid's shaky defence 8:38AM UTC
BRIEF-Wuxi Best Precision Machinery to pay div of 1.35 yuan/10 shares for 2016 8:37AM UTC
MEDIA-Cairn India, partners set to invest 32.40 bln rupees in Ravva Field - PTI in Economic Times 8:36AM UTC
Japan says it's committed to G20 agreement on forex policy 8:36AM UTC
Surprise package Leicester plot Atletico downfall 8:35AM UTC
BRIEF-Zhuhai Hokai Medical Instruments unit will enjoy 15 pct tax preference as high-tech enterprise 8:35AM UTC
BRIEF-Shenzhen Sunline Tech to pay annual cash div as 0.8 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:34AM UTC
Far-left veteran Melenchon draws big crowd as French election enters final straight 8:34AM UTC
South Korean economy to suffer if U.S. put trade curbs on China: think tank 8:33AM UTC
MEDIA-VMware says growth in India's telecom industry will be major growth driver for co - Economic Times 8:33AM UTC
BRIEF-Huayi Brothers Media issues 900 mln yuan 2017 1st tranche super short-term financing notes 8:32AM UTC
MEDIA-Hotel chain AccorHotels to expand its premium brands in India - Economic Times 8:30AM UTC
BRIEF-Hubei Century Network Technology to pay annual cash div as 1.38 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:30AM UTC
UPDATE 1-China March coal output up 1.9 pct, first year-on-year gain in two years 8:29AM UTC
Japan says it's committed to G20 agreement on FX policy 8:28AM UTC
MEDIA-India's Hike Messenger set to roll out payments platform - Economic Times 8:28AM UTC
China March factory output rises 7.6 percent year-on-year, fastest since December 2014 8:28AM UTC
China says property cooling measures likely to show effects after April 8:27AM UTC
MEDIA-Heineken, Anheuser-Busch InBev, Carlsberg to launch new brands in India to reverse sales decline - Economic Times 8:24AM UTC
BRIEF-Beiqi Foton Motor to pay cash 0.26 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 8:24AM UTC
UPDATE 1-China Q1 GDP grows faster than expected 6.9 pct, steel output hits record 8:24AM UTC
BRIEF-Zhong Fu Tong to pay annual div for FY 2016 8:23AM UTC
Iraqi police accuse IS of chemical weapons attack in Mosul 8:21AM UTC
BRIEF-Anhui Jiuhuashan Tourism to pay annual cash div as 1.4 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:21AM UTC
North Korea's missile launch threatens whole world, South says 8:20AM UTC
U.S., allies weigh options after North Korea's missile test - Trump adviser 8:20AM UTC
MEDIA-South Korea's Kia Motors likely to invest 100 bln rupees in Andhra Pradesh project - Economic Times 8:20AM UTC
Magnitude 5.7 quake strikes northwest of Vanuatu: USGS 8:20AM UTC
United Air removes engaged couple traveling to wedding from plane 8:17AM UTC
MEDIA-India govt may go for one group, one tax plan in GST to avoid complexity - Economic Times 8:16AM UTC
BRIEF-Lionco Pharmaceutical Group to pay cash div 1.2 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:15AM UTC
BRIEF-Tianjin Guifangxiang 18th street Mahua Food sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit up 0 pct to 10 pct 8:12AM UTC
BRIEF-Shanghai Fudan Forward S&T to pay cash 0.25 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 8:11AM UTC
BRIEF-Bank of Guiyang to pay cash div 2.6 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:10AM UTC
MEDIA-India's market regulator to block P-Notes for NRIs to prevent black money laundering - Economic Times 8:10AM UTC
BRIEF-Cota completes repurchase of 3.25 pct shares 8:10AM UTC
BRIEF-Shanghai Fudan Forward S&T says change of accounting policy 8:09AM UTC
BRIEF-Anhui Xinhua Media to pay cash div 0.16 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016 8:08AM UTC
China's March natural gas output up 10.5 pct, highest in years - stats bureau 8:05AM UTC
BRIEF-North China Pharmaceutical unit gets Certificate of Suitability to Monograph of European Pharmacopoeia 8:05AM UTC
Nikkei moves closer to near 5-month low as strong yen bites 8:04AM UTC
BRIEF-Sundy Land Investment to pay no div for FY 2016 8:03AM UTC
BRIEF-Bank Of Communications issued tier-2 capital bonds worth 30 bln yuan 8:03AM UTC
BRIEF-Godrej Properties partners with Taj for luxury hotel in Mumbai 8:03AM UTC
BRIEF- Kweichow Moutai to pay div of 67.87 yuan/10 shares for 2016 7:59AM UTC
FOREX-Dollar hits 5-month low vs yen as North Korea tensions mount 7:57AM UTC
BRIEF-Zhejiang Dehong Automotive Electronic & Electrical to pay div of 3 yuan/10 shares for 2016 7:57AM UTC
BRIEF-Huizhou Cnina Eagle Electronic Technology to pay cash 1 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 7:56AM UTC
BRIEF-Toly Bread to dissolve wholly owned Tianjin subsidiary 7:55AM UTC
BRIEF-China march natural gas production up 10.5 percent on year at 13.6 bcm – stats bureau 7:53AM UTC
RPT-China March factory output rises 7.6 pct y/y, fastest since Dec 2014 7:53AM UTC
BRIEF-Henan Oriental Silver Star Investment to set up supply chain management unit in Shanghai 7:52AM UTC
RPT-China Q1 property investment rises 9.1 pct y/y 7:46AM UTC
China Q1 property investment rises 9.1 pct y/y 7:45AM UTC
China March coal output rose 1.9 percent on year 7:45AM UTC
RPT-China March factory output rises 7.6 pct y/y, fastest since Dec 2014 7:44AM UTC
China March factory output rises 7.6 pct y/y, fastest since Dec 2014 7:44AM UTC
BRIEF-Ningbo Joyson Electronic to pay div of 2 yuan/10 shares for 2016 7:43AM UTC
RPT-China Q1 GDP grows 6.9 pct y/y, better than expectations 7:41AM UTC
RPT-China Q1 GDP grows 6.9 pct y/y, better than expectations 7:38AM UTC
BRIEF-Rorze unit receives $40 mln order 7:37AM UTC
BRIEF-Evolable Asia unit to acquire Punch Entertainment (Vietnam) 7:34AM UTC
PREVIEW-Soccer-Surprise package Leicester plot Atletico downfall 7:30AM UTC
China Q1 GDP grows 6.9 pct y/y, better than expectations 7:30AM UTC
BRIEF-Shanghai Belling unit gets court approval for liquidation 7:22AM UTC
EM ASIA FX-Most Asian currencies firm; Philippine peso slips 7:19AM UTC
BRIEF-Pulike Biological Engineering to pay cash 2 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 7:13AM UTC
BRIEF-China Tianying says change of accounting policy 7:10AM UTC
BRIEF-China Tianying says no dividend payment for FY 2016 7:10AM UTC
CalPERS looks at changing how it invests in private equity: WSJ 7:06AM UTC
CalPERS looks at changing how it invests in private equity -WSJ 7:04AM UTC
Japan finmin Aso, U.S. Treasury Sec Mnuchin to meet Thursday-MOF 7:03AM UTC
BRIEF-Gree Real Estate to pay cash 0.2 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment 7:02AM UTC
China to post solid, steady first-quarter growth on building boom, but debt risks loom 6:58AM UTC
Chinese developer to bring Xiongan frenzy to offshore investors 6:57AM UTC
GRAINS-Soybeans hit 2-week high, corn up for 3rd day on U.S. planting delay 6:54AM UTC
China central bank adviser sees potential cuts to RRR: Yicai 6:52AM UTC
China central bank adviser sees potential cuts to RRR-Yicai 6:48AM UTC
China's Ant Financial raises offer for MoneyGram to $1.2 bln 6:46AM UTC
Oil down slightly in subdued trade after failed North Korean missile test 6:32AM UTC
BRIEF-Century Properties Group says 2016 total revenues 7.38 bln Pesos versus 10.38 bln Pesos 6:31AM UTC
BRIEF-Phoenix Semiconductor Philippines Corp clarifies on article in Manila Bulletin (Internet Edition) 6:24AM UTC
PRECIOUS-Gold hits 5-month peak on rising geopolitical worries 6:18AM UTC
RPT-UPDATE 1-S.Korea pension fund accepts Daewoo Shipbuilding bailout proposal 6:05AM UTC
Pence arrives at U.S. base in South Korea next to DMZ border with North 6:04AM UTC
Westinghouse Air Brake shares could rise 20 pct in a year -Barron's 5:56AM UTC
China Stocks-Factors to watch on Monday 5:51AM UTC
Soccer-China's Lander Sports scraps plans to buy stake in Southampton 5:48AM UTC
Golf-FedEx Cup rankings 5:46AM UTC
FOREX-Dollar at 5-month low vs yen on increasing North Korea tensions 5:41AM UTC
DIARY-Emerging Markets Economic Events to May 31 5:32AM UTC
DIARY-Top Economic Events to May 31 5:31AM UTC
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - April 17 5:11AM UTC
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - April 17 4:54AM UTC
HanesBrands could have 25 pct total return over 2 years -Barron's 4:46AM UTC
RPT-UPDATE 2-China's shadow banking rebounds in March, household loans surge despite curbs 4:35AM UTC
Golf-Race to Dubai rankings 4:31AM UTC
China to post solid, steady Q1 growth on building boom, but debt risks loom 4:30AM UTC
BRIEF-Raffles Education Corp updates on arbitration 4:20AM UTC
Exclusive: Anbang's Fidelity & Guaranty acquisition set to fall through - sources 4:11AM UTC
S.Korea pension fund accepts Daewoo Shipbuilding bailout proposal 4:08AM UTC
Motor racing-Team by team analysis of Bahrain Grand Prix 4:06AM UTC
UPDATE 1-Golf-Bryan beats Donald by one stroke at Heritage 4:05AM UTC
UPDATE 1-Soccer-Debut disappointment for coach Adams as Celta sink Granada 3:44AM UTC
Golf-U.S. PGA Tour Heritage Classic scores 3:27AM UTC
UPDATE 1-Motor racing-McLaren's woes continue with bad day for Vandoorne and Alonso 3:24AM UTC
Motor racing-Pained Bottas says Mercedes team orders made sense 3:13AM UTC
Cleveland police seek man who broadcast killing on Facebook 3:13AM UTC
Golf-Bryan wins Heritage by one stroke from Donald 3:10AM UTC
Motor racing-Vettel loving life with revived Ferrari 2:46AM UTC
WRAPUP 15-U.S., allies weigh options after North Korea's missile test -Trump adviser 2:29AM UTC
Soccer-Debut disappointment for Adams as Celta sink Granada 2:28AM UTC
UPDATE 2-Germany glad bitter Turkish referendum campaign over - foreign minister 2:24AM UTC
Motor racing-Hamilton takes no solace in second place 1:50AM UTC
Jared Kushner in talks to sell stake in real estate tech firm: WSJ 1:39AM UTC
Jared Kushner in talks to sell stake in real estate tech firm -WSJ 1:37AM UTC
Wall Street banker Cohn moving Trump toward moderate policies 1:11AM UTC
Motor racing-Sainz given three-place grid penalty for Russian GP 1:09AM UTC
UPDATE 1-SHOWCASE-Soccer-Mourinho hails Herrera and Darmian after sinking Chelsea 12:38AM UTC
UPDATE 1-Motor racing-Formula One driver and constructor standings 12:33AM UTC
UPDATE 1-Motor racing-Formula One Bahrain Grand Prix result 12:32AM UTC
SHOWCASE-Soccer-With Ibrahimovic resting, Rashford rises to the occasion 12:28AM UTC
UPDATE 2-Motor racing-Vettel wins Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Hamilton 12:16AM UTC
SHOWCASE-Soccer-Manchester United v Chelsea key statistics 12:14AM UTC
SHOWCASE-Soccer-Conte takes blame after Chelsea fall at Old Trafford 12:08AM UTC
SHOWCASE-Soccer-Mourinho hails Herrera and Darmian after sinking Chelsea 12:02AM UTC



Videos


Opioids found in Prince's home, some in bodyguard's name 11:45PM UTC
North Korea is 'ready to react' to war: DPRK Ambassador to U.N. 11:38PM UTC
Breakingviews TV: Grabbing MoneyGram 9:49PM UTC
FDA rejects Eli Lilly's arthritis drug 9:41PM UTC
World's largest number of people dressed as Chaplin's "The Tramp" gather in Switzerland 8:22PM UTC
Airplane crash in Portugal kills five people 8:09PM UTC
Videos inflame tensions in Indian Kashmir 7:35PM UTC
Pope wishes everyone "a happy and Holy Easter" 6:17PM UTC
Erdogan starts exercising his new powers 6:09PM UTC
Manhunt in Cleveland after killing on Facebook 5:48PM UTC
Erdogan greeted by supporters day after referendum victory 5:46PM UTC
South Korea charges ousted president Park with bribery 5:34PM UTC
Cracking good fun! German town celebrates Easter with egg-throwing competition 5:06PM UTC
Turkish markets slightly rally after referendum 4:52PM UTC
Venezuelans torch political effigies during Easter celebrations 3:45PM UTC
Red-hot property market lifts growth in China 3:26PM UTC
Pence says 'all options are on the table' for North Korea 2:08PM UTC
Cambodians remember the fall of Phnom Penh to the Khmer Rouge 42 years ago 1:23PM UTC
Pence meets South Korean acting President 12:58PM UTC
Protesters march against referendum result 11:51AM UTC
Mexicans burn a Trump effigy on Easter 12:04AM UTC




Previous Day | Archive Home 
                     | Next Day






























Yusuke Tanaka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Representative Director at LOCONDO, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Yusuke Tanaka
President, Chief Executive Officer & Representative Director at LOCONDO, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Investments Public Holdings 


Yusuke Tanaka
President, Chief Executive Officer & Representative Director at LOCONDO, Inc.



 Overview



Age



36
                                  (Born 12/1980)
                                              




Notable Companies


LOCONDO, Inc.




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 96 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Insider
October 29, 2015





                        Uchimura's Japan topple China at world gymnastics championship                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Jun Tamura

Chief Financial Officer & Director at LOCONDO, Inc.




Kenji Toju

Chief Operating Officer & Director at LOCONDO, Inc.





Masao Hirano

President & Representative Director at m&i Co., Ltd.




Tatsuhiro Tamura

Former Director & Operations Director at LOCONDO, Inc.





Satoshi Hirota

Independent Director at WILLPLUS Holdings Corp.




Minoru Tanaka

Vice Chairman & Head-Investor Relations at Kakaku.com, Inc.





Hidetoshi Akisato

Vice President at Bain Capital Private Equity LP




Taizo Mizuno

Chairman at Alpen Co., Ltd.





Marc Samwer

Founder at Global Founders Capital Management GmbH




Oliver Samwer

Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer at Rocket Internet SE







See 86 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 86 More 


 


 Paths to Yusuke Tanaka



            Yusuke Tanaka          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Yusuke Tanaka






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Yusuke Tanaka.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of California - Berkeley

                  University of California Berkeley

National rankings: In a National Research Council analysis of 212 doctoral programs at American universities, 48 Berkeley programs place among the top 10 nationwide.

Faculty awards and honors: There are 8 Nobel Laureates, 32 MacArthur Fellows, and 4 Pulitzer Prize winners among the current faculty.

History of UC Berkeley: Historical highlights, arranged by topic, following the campus's development — from UC's founding in 1868 to a turn-of-the-century building boom, a research explosion in the 1930s, the Free Speech Movement of the '60s, and Berkeley's key role today in science and technology revolutions.

Timeline of discoveries and contributions by UC Berkeley scholars.

Traditions of Cal: Who was the Angel of Death? What's with the "Big C" up there in the hills — and why is it sometimes green? Who wears Oski's jolly bear head and size 54 yellow sweater?

Tours and webcams: Check out what's happening on Sproul Plaza, the campus's true heart. See stunning live views of the Bay Area from the Lawrence Hall of Science's perch in the Berkeley hills.

Chancellor and administration: Information on Chancellor Robert Birgeneau, Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost George W. Breslauer, and how the university is organized. Organizational charts are included.

UC System overview and links: On the campuses, laboratories, and medical centers that comprise UC's public educational system, as well as UC's K-12 partnerships, economic impact, and agriculture and environmental resources.                





 Career History



President, Chief Executive Officer & Representative Director

                                    2011 - Current                


LOCONDO, Inc.


                  LOCONDO, Inc. engages in the operation electronic commerce services for mail-order site for shoes and fashion products. It also manages platforms for information technology and logistics infrastructure. The company was founded by Hidetoshi Akisato and Yusuke Tanaka on October 22, 2010 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.                




Engagement Manager

                                    Prior                


DeNA Global, Inc.


                  DeNA Global was founded in January, 2008 in San Mateo, California to pursue business opportunities around the world.DeNA Global, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of DeNA Co., Ltd., Japan's most successful mobile Internet company which owns and operates Mobage (Mobile Game) Town, the world's largest, fastest growing, mobile portal site.                




Engagement Manager

                                    Prior                


McKinsey & Co. (Japan)






Professional

                                    Prior                


University of Hitotsubashi


                  Hitotsubashi University  is a national university specialised in the social sciences in Tokyo, Japan. The university has campuses in Kunitachi, Kodaira, and Kanda.

Hitotsubashi is considered one of the most prestigious universities and the best in economics and commerce related subjects in Japan, consistently ranking amongst the top universities in Japanese university rankings.It was ranked 25th in the world in 2011 by Mines ParisTech: Professional Ranking World Universities.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




President, Chief Executive Officer & Representative Director

                    2011 - Current                  


LOCONDO, Inc.

                    LOCONDO, Inc. engages in the operation electronic commerce services for mail-order site for shoes and fashion products. It also manages platforms for information technology and logistics infrastructure. The company was founded by Hidetoshi Akisato and Yusuke Tanaka on October 22, 2010 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.                  





 Investments



 Details Hidden


LOCONDO, Inc.

                  LOCONDO, Inc. engages in the operation electronic commerce services for mail-order site for shoes and fashion products. It also manages platforms for information technology and logistics infrastructure. The company was founded by Hidetoshi Akisato and Yusuke Tanaka on October 22, 2010 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Yusuke Tanaka is affiliated with
                            LOCONDO, Inc., DeNA Global, Inc., McKinsey & Co. (Japan), University of Hitotsubashi, LOCONDO, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Speakers | APEF










































Speakers


APEF 2017 Confirmed Speakers

Opening Remarks








Mr. Chan Mo-po, Paul, GBS, MH, JP, Financial Secretary, HKSAR Government 

Mr Chan is a Certified Public Accountant.  He is a former President of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a former Chairman of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, Hong Kong.

Before joining the Government, Mr Chan held a number of public service positions including member of the Legislative Council; Chairman of Legal Aid Services Council; Board Member of the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority; non-official member of the Strategic Development Commission and Council Member of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr Chan served as Secretary for Development of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government from July 2012 to January 2017.  He was appointed Financial Secretary on 16 January, 2017.






Opening Keynote








Martin Mok , Partner & Head of Asia , EQT Partners Asia Limited


Martin Mok is currently a Partner & Head of Asia at EQT Partners Asia Limited, responsible for EQT’s private equity business in the region and is based in Hong Kong. Prior to joining EQT in 2006, Mr. Mok was a Senior Vice President at Investor Asia Limited, advising the Investor Capital Partners Asia Fund.  Prior to that, he was at Goldman Sachs Principal Investment Area in 1999-2001 and McKinsey in 1997-1999. Mr. Mok holds a Master of Arts (Hons) degree in Economics from Cambridge University. He is currently a board member of LaoBaiXing Pharmacy and China F&B Group.




Luncheon Keynote








Jean Salata, Chief Executive and Founding Partner, Baring Private Equity Asia


Jean Eric Salata is the Chief Executive and Founding Partner of Baring Private Equity Asia, Chairman of the Investment and Portfolio Management Committees. Mr. Salata oversees all investment and divestment decisions made at the Firm, as well as its strategic direction. Mr. Salata has been responsible for the investment activity of the Firm since 1997 when he started the regional Asian private equity investment program for UK-based Baring Private Equity Partners Ltd.   show more…



Jean Eric Salata is the Chief Executive and Founding Partner of Baring Private Equity Asia, Chairman of the Investment and Portfolio Management Committees. Mr. Salata oversees all investment and divestment decisions made at the Firm, as well as its strategic direction. Mr. Salata has been responsible for the investment activity of the Firm since 1997 when he started the regional Asian private equity investment program for UK-based Baring Private Equity Partners Ltd.  Mr.  Salata  later  led  the  management  buyout  of  this  program  in  2000  to  establish  Baring Asia as an independent Firm. Mr. Salata has lived and worked in Hong Kong since 1989, and graduated magna  cum  laude  from  the  Wharton  School  of  the  University  of  Pennsylvania  with  a  B.S. in Finance and Economics.

Baring Private Equity Asia is one of the largest and most established independent alternative asset management firms in Asia and advises funds that manage more than US$10 billion in committed capital. The firm runs a pan‐Asian investment program covering both private equity and real estate.    The firm also invests in the US and Europe in companies seeking to expand to Asia.   Notable investments include Nord    Anglia, the   world’s large premium international school operator, St. Georges University, the world’s largest private medical college, Hsu  Fu  Chi,  a  leading  Chinese  confectionary  company,  Bush  Pharmaceuticals,  the  largest  contract  manufacturing  organization in Japan, and Hexaware Technologies, a leading Indian IT services company.  Baring Asia has been investing in Asia since its formation in 1997 and has over 120 employees located across seven offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing, Mumbai, Singapore, Jakarta and Tokyo.  Baring Asia currently has over 30 portfolio  companies  across  Asia  with  a  total  of  120,000  employees  and  sales  of  approximately  US$31  billion  in  2015.   Baring Asia has received numerous awards for its outstanding performance, including 2015 “Large Cap Firm of The Year in Asia” by Private Equity International.  Asian Venture Capital Journal selected Baring Asia as the 2015 winner for “Fundraising of the Year –– Large Cap” and Jean Salata as “PE Professional of the Year.”
show less…





Closing Keynote








Ming Lu, Head of Asia Private Equity, KKR


Ming Lu joined KKR in 2006 and is Head of the Asia Private Equity Business. Mr. Lu currently serves as a member of KKR’s Asia Investment Committee, China Growth Fund Investment Committee and Portfolio Management Committee. He has played a significant role in the investments in BIS Cleanaway, MMI, Unisteel Technology Limited, Masan Consumer Corporation, Weststar Aviation Service Sdn Bhd and Goodpack Ltd.   show more…



Ming Lu joined KKR in 2006 and is Co-Head of the Asia Private Equity Business. Mr. Lu currently serves as a member of KKR’s Asia Investment Committee, China Growth Fund Investment Committee and Portfolio Management Committee. He has played a significant role in the investments in BIS Cleanaway, MMI, Unisteel Technology Limited, Masan Consumer Corporation, Weststar Aviation Service Sdn Bhd and Goodpack Ltd. Mr. Lu currently sits on the board of directors for MMI, Weststar Aviation Service Sdn Bhd, Goodpack Ltd and Mandala Energy Limited. He was previously a Partner at CCMP Capital Asia (formerly J.P. Morgan Partners Asia). Mr. Lu has also worked for Lucas Varity, Kraft Foods International Inc., and CITIC Group. Mr. Lu received a B.A. from Wuhan University of Hydroelectrical Engineering and an M.B.A. from University of Leuven. show less…





Other confirmed speakers (alphabetically by surname)







James Ahn, Partner, Principle Capital 


James Ahn (“Jimmy”) is a Partner at Principle Capital based in Shanghai. Jimmy is a member of the Investment Committee of the Firm, is the Chief Compliance Officer, and leads Principle’s relationships with global insitutional investors.  Jimmy is also a Managing Director at Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (“CD&R”), a New York-based global private equity firm. CD&R and Principle Capital are strategic partners.   show more…



James Ahn (“Jimmy”) is a Partner at Principle Capital based in Shanghai. Jimmy is a member of the Investment Committee of the Firm, is the Chief Compliance Officer, and leads Principle’s relationships with global insitutional investors.  Jimmy is also a Managing Director at Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (“CD&R”), a New York-based global private equity firm. CD&R and Principle Capital are strategic partners. Before joining CD&R, Jimmy was a Partner in McKinsey & Company’s Boston, Hong Kong, and Seoul offices, where he was the Head of Asia-Pacific M&A practice.  Jimmy has been a frequent author and commentator on the M&A markets, private equity industry, and capital markets in China.  Jimmy recieved a JD from Harvard Law School (cum laude) and an MS in Industrial Engineering and AB in Economics (with Distinction) from Stanford University. show less…













Alice Au, Global Head, Financial Services Practice & Board of Director, Spencer Stuart 


Alice Au is a member of Spencer Stuart’s global board of directors and leads Spencer Stuart’s global Financial Services Practice out of Hong Kong. She also leads the Board and Private Equity practices in Asia Pacific. A global citizen with deep relationships across industries, she brings more than 20 years of executive search and leadership counsel experience to her clients.  show more…



Alice Au is a member of Spencer Stuart’s global board of directors and leads Spencer Stuart’s global Financial Services Practice out of Hong Kong. She also leads the Board and Private Equity practices in Asia Pacific. A global citizen with deep relationships across industries, she brings more than 20 years of executive search and leadership counsel experience to her clients. She helps multinationals, principal investors, Asian and Chinese businesses, as well as family businesses, strengthen their governance practices and succession planning, and build and renew their boards and leadership to meet their strategic goals.

Prior to joining Spencer Stuart, Alice was a senior partner with another leading international executive search firm. She led the firm’s CEO and board services practice, as well as the private equity practice in Asia Pacific; guided the rebuilding and expansion of the Hong Kong office; and helped numerous Asian and multinational companies and private equity firms meet their senior leadership needs across Asia.

Alice began her career as a semiconductor engineer at Digital Equipment Corporation in the U.S. She then joined McKinsey & Company as a management consultant in New York, where she advised Fortune 100 clients on strategic, organizational and technology issues. She later joined International Paper Company as an executive in corporate development, leading cross-functional teams in negotiating acquisitions in North America, Europe and Asia.

Alice returned to Hong Kong in 1993 to establish a China fund and advise midsize international companies on their China entry strategies, then joined the executive search industry in 1995. She took a one-year leave from the business in 1999 to lead strategic planning and e-commerce at AsiaContent.com, which successfully listed on NASDAQ in 2000.

Alice has a bachelor‘s degree in chemical engineering from Yale University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. From 2010 to 2012, she served as a part-time member of the Central Policy Unit of the Government of the Hong Kong SAR. Since 2013, she has been a member of the Human Capital Committee of the newly formed Financial Services Development Council (FSDC) in Hong Kong SAR. Alice speaks English, Cantonese and Mandarin. show less…













Jayanta Banerjee, Managing Partner, ASK Pravi Capital Advisors


Jayanta has over 25 years of industry experience with the last 15 years in the private equity business in India. He has in-depth experience of full cycle investing and fund raising in private equity. Prior to joining the private equity industry Jayanta was an entrepreneur. He has also been an investment banker and has worked in the industrial sector.  show more…



Jayanta has over 25 years of industry experience with the last 15 years in the private equity business in India. He has in-depth experience of full cycle investing and fund raising in private equity. Prior to joining the private equity industry Jayanta was an entrepreneur. He has also been an investment banker and has worked in the industrial sector.

Previously, Jayanta was President – Private Equity at ICICI Venture. Prior to that, he was the India head of private equity at Lehman Brothers. Jayanta has led investments across sectors and is on the boards of multiple portfolio companies.

Jayanta has a post graduate diploma from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIM-B) and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Jadavpur University. show less…













Varun Bery, Senior Advisor, Latitude Capital Management


Varun Bery is a Senior Advisor to Latitude Capital Management, an emerging market private equity firm focused on the power sector. He is also currently a Senior Advisor to StormHarbour Securities (Hong Kong).

 show more…



Varun Bery is a Senior Advisor to Latitude Capital Management, an emerging market private equity firm focused on the power sector. He is also currently a Senior Advisor to StormHarbour Securities (Hong Kong).

Mr. Bery has been involved in Asian private equity since 1995 and previously headed TVG Capital Partners and also the Private Capital Asia Group at JP Morgan. Mr. Bery started his career at McKinsey and Company (NY) and also was formerly a Director of Investment Banking at CS First Boston (NY) and a Director at the Asian Infrastructure Fund (HK). Mr. Bery received an MBA with High Distinction from Harvard Business School and a BA (summa cum laude) from Yale University. show less…















Mintoo Bhandari, Senior Partner, Apollo Global Management LLC


Mr. Bhandari is a Senior Partner of Apollo Global Management LLC, Managing Director AGM India Advisors Pvt Ltd, and Managing Partner at AION Capital Partners. He joined Apollo in 2006 in the New York office, worked in the London office and then launched Apollo’s India advisory firm (AGM India Advisors Pvt Ltd) in Mumbai in 2008. Mr. Bhandari designed a unique and pioneering fund strategy for investing in India and led the fundraising of what became the largest PE fund in the country during the period of its launch (AION Fund first close, September, 2012).  show more…



Mr. Bhandari is a Senior Partner of Apollo Global Management LLC, Managing Director AGM India Advisors Pvt Ltd, and Managing Partner at AION Capital Partners. He joined Apollo in 2006 in the New York office, worked in the London office and then launched Apollo’s India advisory firm (AGM India Advisors Pvt Ltd) in Mumbai in 2008. Mr. Bhandari designed a unique and pioneering fund strategy for investing in India and led the fundraising of what became the largest PE fund in the country during the period of its launch (AION Fund first close, September, 2012). Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Bhandari was managing director of The VIEW Group, an India-focused boutique private equity and investment advisory firm. Through VIEW, he was an early participant in the sourcing, execution and development of transactions and enterprises which leveraged operating resources in emerging markets and has been integrally involved with approximately twenty such transactions, several of which were pioneering in their structure, strategy and timing. Prior to focusing his efforts on investing in India, Mr. Bhandari was a member of a Harvard affiliated team providing advice on privatization, enterprise restructuring and the sourcing of foreign direct investment to various segments of the political leadership in Russia and the former Soviet Union and lived largely in Russia in 1992 and 1993. Mr. Bhandari was also previously a member of the private equity team, and later a manager of hedge fund capital at the Harvard Management Company, which manages the endowment of Harvard University. Mr. Bhandari serves on the board of directors of AGM India Advisors, AION India Advisors and Welspun Corp Ltd. and serves as an advisor to Onramp Education LLC. He was also previously on the boards of Dish TV India Limited, Wire & Wireless India Limited, Sourcecorp and approximately a dozen other companies. Mr. Bhandari is also active in social impact iniatives including serving as Founder and Chairman of the AM Freedom Fellows scholarship program and serves as a Strategic Advisor to Kailash Satyarti (Awarded Nobel Peace Prize, 2014) and his global children’s foundation and the Chan-Harvard School of Public Health’s initiatives in India. Mr. Bhandari graduated with thesis distinction in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (S.B. ’87) and the Harvard Business School (MBA ’92). show less…













John Campbell, Chairman & Co-founder, Campbell Lutyens & Co.


John Campbell is the Chairman and co-founder in 1988 of Campbell Lutyens. Through offices in London, New York and Hong Kong, Campbell Lutyens is the leading independent adviser in the private equity, private debt and private infrastructure sectors, intermediating investments worldwide in both primary placement and secondary transactions between institutions and dedicated professional managers of commingled funds or portfolios of assets.  show more…



John Campbell is the Chairman and co-founder in 1988 of Campbell Lutyens. Through offices in London, New York and Hong Kong, Campbell Lutyens is the leading independent adviser in the private equity, private debt and private infrastructure sectors, intermediating investments worldwide in both primary placement and secondary transactions between institutions and dedicated professional managers of commingled funds or portfolios of assets.

John Campbell’s early career was in corporate finance with NM Rothschild and as a director of Noble Grossart. He has an MA in Economics from Cambridge where he was an Exhibitioner of Sidney Sussex College. He is adviser to the board of the Paris based Long Term Infrastructure Investment Association, a member of the London based Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum and of EdHEC Infra in Singapore and a former director of the San Francisco based Pacific Pension Institute. He is an officer of the Order of the British Empire. show less…













Nicholas Cator, Executive Director, Verlinvest Asia Pte


Nick is Executive Director at Verlinvest, a $1.5bn family owned consumer focused global investment company, and is responsible for running the Singapore office, for Verlinvest’s investments in Asia and for Verlinvest’s investments in the Retail, Hospitality & E Commerce space globally.  Nick sits on the Boards of investee companies in India, Singapore, Indonesia, China, United States and Belgium.  show more…



Nick is Executive Director at Verlinvest, a $1.5bn family owned consumer focused global investment company, and is responsible for running the Singapore office, for Verlinvest’s investments in Asia and for Verlinvest’s investments in the Retail, Hospitality & E Commerce space globally.  Nick sits on the Boards of investee companies in India, Singapore, Indonesia, China, United States and Belgium. Amongst others he is on the board of Chewy.com, the largest online pet food retailer in the US, 111.com, the largest online drug retailer in China, Global Fashion Group, the largest online fashion retailer in emerging markets, Sula, the leading wine producer in India, and F&B Asia, one of the leading food service and QSR players in India and South East Asia.

Nick started his career in London and New York in leveraged finance (MetLife Investments) and in private equity (Coller Capital), and has held various operational and investment roles within the Verlinvest ecosystem over the last 10 years. In his last role before rejoining Verlinvest as Executive Director Nick was CEO of Armonea, the leading private nursing home operators in Belgium, delivering daily care & services to over 9.000 seniors in over 80 nursing homes and assisted living facilities.

Nick holds a Masters in Economics from the University of Louvain La Neuve in Belgium and has followed Executive courses at Insead and Stanford. show less…













Edwin Chan, Regional Head, Asia, Probitas Partners


Edwin has more than twenty-three years of industry experience and is responsible for managing Probitas Partners’ key relationships with both General Partners and Limited Partners in Asia. Prior to joining the firm, Edwin was working as Associate Director for business development at AIG Investments focusing on private equity, real estate and hedge fund-of-funds investments.  show more…



Edwin has more than twenty-three years of industry experience and is responsible for managing Probitas Partners’ key relationships with both General Partners and Limited Partners in Asia. Prior to joining the firm, Edwin was working as Associate Director for business development at AIG Investments focusing on private equity, real estate and hedge fund-of-funds investments. Edwin started his career as a management trainee at Citibank and spent most of his banking career with HSBC corporate and investment bank covering major institutional and corporate clients. Edwin holds an MBA and a BA from the University of South Australia and is a Certified Practicing Accountant of CPA Australia. show less…













Joseph Chang, Head of Private Investments – Asia, Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company


Joe is based in Hong Kong and heads up the Asian private markets investments for the pension fund of Lockheed Martin Corporation. Joe has more than 12 years of private markets investment experience, both in direct and fund investments. 
 show more…



Joe is based in Hong Kong and heads up the Asian private markets investments for the pension fund of Lockheed Martin Corporation. Joe has more than 12 years of private markets investment experience, both in direct and fund investments.

Prior to joining Lockheed Martin in 2016, he was a Principal and Hong Kong office representative of Mercer Investments and predecessor firm for 8 years, leading their private markets investment and advisory services in Asia. Before Mercer Investments, Joe was an Associate at EQT Partners and Sumitomo Corporation where he was involved in numerous direct investments across the control buyout and venture capital segments in Asia. Joe started his career in corporate finance with UBS in New York and Citigroup in Hong Kong.

Joe received his bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Michigan, USA. show less…













Kent Chen, Managing Director, Neuberger Berman


Kent Chen is a Managing Director of Neuberger Berman and leader of the firm’s private equity efforts in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Chen joined Neuberger Berman in May 2015 from the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) after 17 years of central banking career in various positions including Deputy Chief Representative of the HKMA’s New York Office and Advisor to the Executive Director for China at the International Monetary Fund in Washington D.C.  show more…



Kent Chen is a Managing Director of Neuberger Berman and leader of the firm’s private equity efforts in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Chen joined Neuberger Berman in May 2015 from the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) after 17 years of central banking career in various positions including Deputy Chief Representative of the HKMA’s New York Office and Advisor to the Executive Director for China at the International Monetary Fund in Washington D.C. From 2008, Mr. Chen helped to establish the HKMA’s private equity program, comprising of global buyout, Asia private equity and global energy investments. Before joining the HKMA in 1998, Mr. Chen was Head of China Research at Daiwa Securities in Hong Kong covering the Chinese stocks market with a focus on infrastructure, energy and power equipment stocks. Mr. Chen has been awarded the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and earned a Master of Public Administration from Columbia University, Master of Business Administration from University of Hull and Bachelor of Science in Economics from University of London. show less…













Lorna Chen, Partner, Shearman & Sterling


Lorna Chen is a partner in Shearman & Sterling’s Global Asset Management Group and leads the asset management and investment funds practice in Asia.  Ms. Chen advises clients in the structuring, restructuring, formation and operation of alternative investment products, including private equity funds, venture capital funds, hedge funds, real estate funds, funds of funds, project funds and co-investment structures.    show more…



Lorna Chen is a partner in Shearman & Sterling’s Global Asset Management Group and leads the asset management and investment funds practice in Asia.  Ms. Chen advises clients in the structuring, restructuring, formation and operation of alternative investment products, including private equity funds, venture capital funds, hedge funds, real estate funds, funds of funds, project funds and co-investment structures.  She is also an expert on regulatory and compliance matters related to investment funds and their managers.  Ms. Chen has extensive experience in representing investors in making investments in private funds and making co-investments around the globe.  Her clients include institutions, funds of funds, sovereign wealth funds, affluent individuals and family offices. Ms. Chen is active in the Asian private fund industry and is frequently interviewed by the media for related topics.  Ms. Chen is rated by various independent industry agencies such as Chambers Asia, IFLR1000, Asia Pacific Legal 500 and Asialaw Leading Lawyers as leading attorney.   show less…













Junghyung Cho, Partner, Excelsior


Junghyung Cho is a Partner and has been with Excelsior for eight years. In addition to Excelsior, he worked as a direct investment specialist covering North Asia for the principal trading group at Merrill Lynch.

Mr. Cho started his professional career as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers in Hong Kong and New York, after graduating with an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.  show more…



Junghyung Cho is a Partner and has been with Excelsior for eight years. In addition to Excelsior, he worked as a direct investment specialist covering North Asia for the principal trading group at Merrill Lynch.

Mr. Cho started his professional career as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers in Hong Kong and New York, after graduating with an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.

Mr. Cho also graduated Summa Cum Laude from the International Economics Department of Seoul National University and worked as an Economist at the Bank of Korea for three years prior to business school. show less…













Mei Colani Li, Partner & Head of Asia Investments, ADM Capital


Mei Colani Li is a Partner and Head of Asia Investments at ADM Capital, and a member of the Investment Advisory Committee. Before joining ADM Capital in 2004, Mei worked for KPMG Hong Kong for four years within their Financial Services Audit Division. At KPMG, Mei gained experience leading audit assignments involving financial institutions in Hong Kong.  show more…



Mei Colani Li is a Partner and Head of Asia Investments at ADM Capital, and a member of the Investment Advisory Committee. Before joining ADM Capital in 2004, Mei worked for KPMG Hong Kong for four years within their Financial Services Audit Division. At KPMG, Mei gained experience leading audit assignments involving financial institutions in Hong Kong. Mei received a BS in Accounting from the University of Wales, Cardiff. She is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. show less…













Liam Coppinger, Managing Director, Manulife Capital


Liam Coppinger is the Managing Director of Manulife Capital’s Hong Kong office and is responsible for the origination, execution, and post-investment monitoring of private equity investments across the Asia-Pacific region.

 show more…



Liam Coppinger is the Managing Director of Manulife Capital’s Hong Kong office and is responsible for the origination, execution, and post-investment monitoring of private equity investments across the Asia-Pacific region.

Prior to moving to Hong Kong in 2016, Liam worked in Toronto for Manulife Capital and was involved in numerous private equity, mezzanine, and real estate investments, including funds, co-investments, and direct investments.

Liam joined Manulife in 2006 as part of the Investment Division Rotational Program. Liam has been with Manulife Capital since 2008 and has over 10 years of investment experience.

Liam is a CFA charterholder and graduated from McGill University with a Bachelor of Commerce degree. show less…













Tim Flower, Managing Director, HarbourVest Partners


Tim Flower joined HarbourVest’s London-based subsidiary in 2008 to focus on European secondary investments.  In 2010, he transferred to the Hong Kong subsidiary to establish and manage the secondary platform in the Asia Pacific region. Tim has a focus on both traditional and secondary direct transactions.   show more…



Tim Flower joined HarbourVest’s London-based subsidiary in 2008 to focus on European secondary investments.  In 2010, he transferred to the Hong Kong subsidiary to establish and manage the secondary platform in the Asia Pacific region. Tim has a focus on both traditional and secondary direct transactions.

Tim joined HarbourVest after four years with Bridgepoint in London, where he was involved in several investments, including Alliance Medical, ERM, 1st Credit, and Diaverum.  Tim also spent 18 months on secondment to the Bridgepoint Nordic team.  Prior to that, he was an associate director of MCF Corporate Finance, where he focused on private equity transactions in Germany and the Nordic region.  His previous experience also includes positions at Nordea Securities and Ernst & Young, where he received his ACA certification.

Tim graduated with a degree in Economics from the University of Nottingham in 1997 and speaks conversational Danish.
show less…













Richard Folsom, Representative Partner, Advantage Partners


Richard Folsom founded Advantage Partners in Tokyo in 1992 with Taisuke Sasanuma. Between 1992 and 1997, they started and managed two new businesses, one a Value-Added Tax (VAT) reclaim service for corporations, formed with partners in New York and London with an operations center in Ireland and marketing hubs in New York and Tokyo, and the other an insurance brokerage and risk management business formed to sell new insurance products in the Japanese market as deregulation changed the dynamics of the industry.   show more…



Richard Folsom founded Advantage Partners in Tokyo in 1992 with Taisuke Sasanuma. Between 1992 and 1997, they started and managed two new businesses, one a Value-Added Tax (VAT) reclaim service for corporations, formed with partners in New York and London with an operations center in Ireland and marketing hubs in New York and Tokyo, and the other an insurance brokerage and risk management business formed to sell new insurance products in the Japanese market as deregulation changed the dynamics of the industry. This company, Advantage Risk Management went public in Japan in December 2006.

In 1997, Richard and Taisuke established the first buyout fund in Japan, and Richard has since focused his time on the development of this private equity investment practice. They raised a second fund in 2000, a third in 2003, a fourth fund in 2007 and another fund in 2013.  Through the funds, Advantage has made 52 acquisitions and buyouts, of which they have successfully exited 32 and partially exited 2.  Recent investments include the acquisitions of Ichiboshi Co., Ltd. (seafood importer/processor), ISG ishii-sports Inc. (specialty retailers of outdoor goods) and EPOCH JAPAN Corp (funeral service provider).

Before founding Advantage Partners, Richard’s previous experience was in management consulting with Bain & Company, primarily in their Tokyo office, where he accumulated eight years of experience in developing and implementing strategies for both foreign and domestic corporations in the Japanese market.  Richard spent 30 years in Japan and is now based in Hong Kong.  He received his undergraduate degree in Japanese and Economics from Brigham Young University, and received an MBA degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. show less…













Peter Fuhrman, Chairman & CEO, China First Capital


Peter Fuhrman is Chairman & CEO at China First Capital, a Greater China-focused international investment bank and advisory firm. Founded in 2008, China First Capital serves a distinguished group of clients, including industry leaders in China, both private sector companies and SOEs, financial sponsors, as well as global corporations actively expanding within China.  show more…



Peter Fuhrman is Chairman & CEO at China First Capital, a Greater China-focused international investment bank and advisory firm. Founded in 2008, China First Capital serves a distinguished group of clients, including industry leaders in China, both private sector companies and SOEs, financial sponsors, as well as global corporations actively expanding within China.

Peter’s insights and analysis on China, its economy, capital markets and private equity industry are frequently cited in international media including The Wall Street Journal, The Financial Times, The Economist, The New York Times, The Washington Post, Bloomberg,  AVCJ, Neue Zurcher Zeitung, China Daily. His Chinese-language articles also appear in Caijing (财经), 21 Century Business Herald (21世纪报纸）and Forbes China (福布斯中国.)

Peter first came to China in 1981, part of the first intake of American graduate students.  He later completed his Masters Degree at Cambridge University and worked in Europe and the US, first as a journalist and editor in Europe for Forbes Magazine, then back in the US, as CEO of a California venture capital company,  as CEO of an entertainment finance company during its IPO process, and then as founder and CEO of an enterprise security software company that exited through successful trade sale. He relishes the experience of living and working in China.
show less…













Praneet Garg, Managing Director, Asia Alternatives


Praneet Garg is a Managing Director in Asia Alternatives’ Hong Kong office. Mr. Garg co-leads Asia Alternatives’ investments in India and South East Asia, and is primarily responsible for deal sourcing, due diligence, deal execution and portfolio management of private equity fund investments and direct co-investments in these geographies. Mr. Garg also leads Asia Alternatives’ market research function.  show more…



Praneet Garg is a Managing Director in Asia Alternatives’ Hong Kong office. Mr. Garg co-leads Asia Alternatives’ investments in India and South East Asia, and is primarily responsible for deal sourcing, due diligence, deal execution and portfolio management of private equity fund investments and direct co-investments in these geographies. Mr. Garg also leads Asia Alternatives’ market research function.
 
Prior to joining Asia Alternatives, Mr. Garg had over five years of consulting and research experience with the Private Equity Practice at McKinsey & Company in the Delhi and London offices. He worked with McKinsey Private Equity client teams on issues of Private Equity strategy, organization, performance and due diligence. He also led the Private Equity research team and authored several market research pieces on Asia Private Equity and other related topics.
 
Mr. Garg holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree and an MBA from Mumbai University. Mr. Garg is fluent in Hindi, Punjabi and English.

Mr. Garg currently serves on the Advisory Boards of several of Asia Alternatives’ Indian and Indonesian funds. show less…













Kenneth Gaw, President & Managing Principal, Gaw Capital Partners


Kenneth co-founded Gaw Capital Partners in 2005, and has been its President and Managing Principal. Gaw Capital is a real estate private equity firm that focuses on global real estate markets. The firm has raised five real estate funds targeting the Greater China and Asia Pacific region, while providing services for separate account direct investment and fund management in the global markets.  show more…



Kenneth co-founded Gaw Capital Partners in 2005, and has been its President and Managing Principal. Gaw Capital is a real estate private equity firm that focuses on global real estate markets. The firm has raised five real estate funds targeting the Greater China and Asia Pacific region, while providing services for separate account direct investment and fund management in the global markets. It has raised equity in excess of USD$ 6.08 billion since 2005 and currently commands assets of over USD$ 12.3 billion under management as of yearend 2015.

In addition, Kenneth is Managing Director of Pioneer Global Group (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and holds directorships at Dusit Thani Public Company Limited (listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand) and Hong Kong Thailand Business Council.

Kenneth graduated with a B.Sc degree (Magna Cum Laude) from Brown University in 1992 and began his career at Goldman Sachs & Co.
show less…













Jie Gong, Partner, Pantheon Ventures


Jie Gong is a Partner at Pantheon Ventures and a member of the Asia Regional Investment Committee, and is involved in all aspects of Asian investment activity, with a focus on China.  Ms Gong joined Pantheon from Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners’ private equity fund of funds group, where she led Asian investment activities and was a member of the global investment committee.  show more…



Jie Gong is a Partner at Pantheon Ventures and a member of the Asia Regional Investment Committee, and is involved in all aspects of Asian investment activity, with a focus on China.  Ms Gong joined Pantheon from Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners’ private equity fund of funds group, where she led Asian investment activities and was a member of the global investment committee. Before that she was a Vice President at JPMorgan responsible for leverage finance deal origination, structuring and execution in Greater China. Previously she worked at the International Finance Corporation on emerging market debt and equity investments. Ms Gong received a Master in Finance from London Business School, an MA in Economics from University of Miami and a BA in Economics and International Trade from Shanghai International Studies University. show less…













Mounir Guen, CEO, MVision


Mounir Guen founded MVision in 2001. He is a veteran fundraising specialist, advisor and manager, with 30 years of experience in the industry during which he has worked on over 300 General Partnership funds. He has led MVision to the point where it is now one of the leading alternative asset capital raising firms in the world.  show more…



Mounir Guen founded MVision in 2001. He is a veteran fundraising specialist, advisor and manager, with 30 years of experience in the industry during which he has worked on over 300 General Partnership funds. He has led MVision to the point where it is now one of the leading alternative asset capital raising firms in the world.

Selected as one of Private Equity’s 100 most influential personalities of the decade in 2011 by PEI, Mounir is on the EMPEA Investor Relations and Marketing Steering Committee and is a member of the NYU President’s Global Council and the Liberal Studies Dean’s Council. He is on the faculty of London Business School, being honoured with the title of Executive Fellow of the Accounting Department in 2014.

Previously Mounir spent 13 years at Merrill Lynch where he was a Managing Director and was responsible for building up the international non-US business, both on the General Partner and Investor level.
show less…













Amit Gupta, Partner & Co-founder, Clearwater Capital Partners


Amit Gupta is Partner and Co-Founder of Clearwater Capital Partners and a member of the Firm’s Investment and Management Committees. Mr. Gupta’s principal responsibilities include credit research, due diligence, analysis and valuation. Throughout his nearly 24-year investment career, Mr. Gupta has been on the forefront of credit analysis and deal execution in Asia.  show more…



Amit Gupta is Partner and Co-Founder of Clearwater Capital Partners and a member of the Firm’s Investment and Management Committees. Mr. Gupta’s principal responsibilities include credit research, due diligence, analysis and valuation. Throughout his nearly 24-year investment career, Mr. Gupta has been on the forefront of credit analysis and deal execution in Asia. Mr. Gupta leads over 30 investment professionals across Clearwater and it’s investee companies, who analyze and perform deep due diligence on a robust pipeline of direct lending, stressed and distressed credits in Asia. Prior to founding Clearwater in 2001, Mr. Gupta garnered experience while holding positions at Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC where he was an Executive Director, at Peregrine Fixed Income Ltd. and at ICICI Ltd.

Mr. Gupta sits on the Board of two Clearwater portfolio companies. He holds a post graduate diploma in management from the Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta and a bachelor of engineering degree in Electronics and Communications with Honors from the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee. Mr. Gupta is fluent in English and Hindi and conversational in Punjabi. show less…













Yuka Hata, Chief Portfolio Manager, Alternative & Fund Investment, Nissay Asset Management Corporation


Yuka Hata is a chief portfolio manager for the alternative & fund investment group. She joined Nissay Asset Management in 2016 and has more than 15 years of private equity industry experience.

Prior to joining Nissay, Yuka spent 9 years with Nomura Asset Management and Nomura Private Equity Capital (NPEC) culminating in her tenure as an Executive Director and a member of NPEC’s Investment Committee, and as a head of Asia, was actively involved in investing in Asia.  show more…



Yuka Hata is a chief portfolio manager for the alternative & fund investment group. She joined Nissay Asset Management in 2016 and has more than 15 years of private equity industry experience.

Prior to joining Nissay, Yuka spent 9 years with Nomura Asset Management and Nomura Private Equity Capital (NPEC) culminating in her tenure as an Executive Director and a member of NPEC’s Investment Committee, and as a head of Asia, was actively involved in investing in Asia. Before joining Nomura, Yuka worked for Mizuho Corporate Bank in London where, as an Associate Director, she was engaged in investing in private equity partnerships in Europe and Asia. She also worked for JAFCO where sourced and managed direct venture capital investments in Japan as well as global venture capital funds investments.

Yuka received a BA in Environment and Information Studies from Keio University and MBA from Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales-HEC in Paris. show less…













Andrew Hawkyard, Managing Director, Morgan Stanley


Andrew S. Hawkyard is the Chief Operating Officer of Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia and a Managing Director of Morgan Stanley.  Mr. Hawkyard joined the Firm in 1999 and has been investing in Asia private equity for 19 years, including 17 years managing MSPE Asia’s four private equity funds to date: MSGEM, MSPEA Fund II, Fund III and Fund IV.  show more…



Andrew S. Hawkyard is the Chief Operating Officer of Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia and a Managing Director of Morgan Stanley.  Mr. Hawkyard joined the Firm in 1999 and has been investing in Asia private equity for 19 years, including 17 years managing MSPE Asia’s four private equity funds to date: MSGEM, MSPEA Fund II, Fund III and Fund IV.

For the past ten years, Mr. Hawkyard has led the group’s private equity business in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Southeast Asia, and prior to that he played a lead role in establishing MSPE Asia’s private equity business in South Korea.  Mr. Hawkyard is a director of ACR and was previously a director of Landmark, Jinbang and CTCI and an observer to the board of ITest and eAccess. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, Mr. Hawkyard was with the Merchant Banking and Investment Banking divisions of Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette in Hong Kong and New York. Mr. Hawkyard is a native of New Zealand and is based in Hong Kong. Mr. Hawkyard received a BA with First Class Honors in Applied Mathematics and a BCA in Finance from Victoria University.  show less…













Christopher Heady, Chairman of Asia Pacific & Head of Real Estate Asia, Blackstone


Christopher Heady is the Chairman of Asia Pacific, Head of Real Estate Asia and is a Senior Managing Director at Blackstone. Mr. Heady is based in Hong Kong and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Real Estate group’s investment activities and personnel in Asia.  show more…



Christopher Heady is the Chairman of Asia Pacific, Head of Real Estate Asia and is a Senior Managing Director at Blackstone. Mr. Heady is based in Hong Kong and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Real Estate group’s investment activities and personnel in Asia.

Mr. Heady joined Blackstone in 2000 and has been involved in a variety or real estate acquisitions and initiatives in the U.S., Europe and Asia. Since 2007, Mr. Heady has played a key role in the Real Estate Group’s Asia expansion including establishing teams and executing investments in Greater China, India, Singapore, Japan and Australia. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Heady was with Morgan Stanley in London and New York, where he was involved in real estate private equity. Mr. Heady received a BA in Public Policy from the University of Chicago, where he graduated with honors. He currently serves on the board of ANREV, SCPG Retail China, Embassy Office Parks and 151 Property Group. show less…













Jim Hildebrandt, Managing Director, Bain Capital


Jim Hildebrandt joined Bain Capital in 2005 as a Managing Director, helping to establish the Bain Capital business in Asia, where the firm now has offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo, Mumbai, Sydney and Melbourne, having invested over $6.5 billion in 38 companies. show more…



Jim Hildebrandt joined Bain Capital in 2005 as a Managing Director, helping to establish the Bain Capital business in Asia, where the firm now has offices in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo, Mumbai, Sydney and Melbourne, having invested over $6.5 billion in 38 companies.

Prior to joining Bain Capital, Mr. Hildebrandt was a Partner at Bain & Company, launching the Asian offices in China, Southeast Asia, Korea, as well as Australia. He had regional operating responsibility, and was head of the Private Equity and Financial Services practice areas.

Mr. Hildebrandt received an MBA from Stanford Business School and graduated as the Henry Ford II Scholar. He received a JD from the University of Toronto.
show less…





 







Archana Hingorani, CEO & Executive Director, IL&FS Investment Managers


Dr. Archana Hingorani, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director of IIML, has over 29 years experience in the private equity business, teaching and research. She has been with the IL&FS Group for 22 years, and has performed a multitude of roles – starting off as an economist and moving on to project finance, and asset management. show more…



Dr. Archana Hingorani, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director of IIML, has over 29 years experience in the private equity business, teaching and research. She has been with the IL&FS Group for 22 years, and has performed a multitude of roles – starting off as an economist and moving on to project finance, and asset management. Dr. Hingorani has worked on some of the pioneering private finance transactions in India and has participated in negotiating and structuring project contracts, and participating in some of the sunrise sectors in India.  Dr Hingorani’s focus since 1995 has been on private equity fund management. She is one of the founding members of the IL&FS private equity business and has overseen investments with an aggregate capitalization value in excess of US$ 15 bn.
 
Dr. Hingorani is a Bachelor of Arts (Economics) with post-graduate qualifications in Management (MBA) as well as a Ph.D. in Corporate Finance from the University of Pittsburgh, USA.
 
Dr Hingorani is member of the India CEO Forum, affiliated with International Market Assessment Asia (IMA), Young Presidents Organization (Mumbai Chapter) and of the United Nations Environment Programme, Finance Initiative and the co-Chair of the Finance Commission. She also serves on the Advisory Council of EMPEA for Asia as well as for Infrastructure.
show less…





 







Harry Hui, Founder & Managing Partner, ClearVue Partners


Mr. Hui has worked in Asia over the past 20 years as CEO, investor, strategist, author and TV personality. Currently the founder and managing partner of ClearVue Partners (cvpcap.com). Formed in Shanghai in 2012, CVP is a private equity firm investing into growth stage companies in China’s consumer sectors with an emphasis on the food and beverage, consumer lifestyle, and consumer media/entertainment/technology sub sectors. show more…



Mr. Hui has worked in Asia over the past 20 years as CEO, investor, strategist, author and TV personality. Currently the founder and managing partner of ClearVue Partners (cvpcap.com). Formed in Shanghai in 2012, CVP is a private equity firm investing into growth stage companies in China’s consumer sectors with an emphasis on the food and beverage, consumer lifestyle, and consumer media/entertainment/technology sub sectors.
 
Previously, Mr. Hui served as the Chief Marketing Officer and President of Pepsico Investment (China) limited, for PepsiCo’s China Beverages division from 2006 to 2011. Prior to PepsiCo, Mr. Hui was President of Universal Music Asia (ex Japan), the world’s largest music company. He led the company to multiple years of market share growth and formed a pioneering JV with the Shanghai Media Group. From ‘02-‘06, Mr. Hui was SVP & managing director of MTV North Asia.
 
Mr. Hui is a highly rated and popular speaker at conferences around the world. He was named a Global Leader of Tomorrow by the World Economic Forum, Top 10 innovation executive recipient by Beijing Management institute of Science, Top 5 executive award by the HK Chamber of commerce.show less…





 







Ryosuke Iinuma, Representative Director & Managing Partner, Ant Capital Partners


Ryosuke Iinuma is the Executive Officer and Managing Partner for the Private Equity Investment team as well as the Representative Director & President of Ant Capital Partners. He joined Ant Capital in August 2001, and has played a key role in the organization’s development to date, including the acquisition of Wit Capital Japan. show more…



Ryosuke Iinuma is the Executive Officer and Managing Partner for the Private Equity Investment team as well as the Representative Director & President of Ant Capital Partners. He joined Ant Capital in August 2001, and has played a key role in the organization’s development to date, including the acquisition of Wit Capital Japan. In the Catalyzer series of funds, He leads the team of 14 investment professionals in their investment and hands-on support activities, with a focus on corporate management and business strategy. He has also served as the Director for portfolio companies; Checker Motors, Golf Partner, Willplus Holdings, VarioSecure Networks (now VarioSecure), Casa, MoonStar, and Apple World.  He started his career in 1994 in the Technology Division of Mitsubishi Corp., where he was in charge of market and business development for foreign software vendors and distributors in Japan. He graduated from Keio University, Faculty of Business and Commerce.show less…





 







Mohanjit Jolly, Partner, Iron Pillar


Mohanjit Jolly is a Partner of Iron Pillar. He has over 20 years of operating and venture capital experience, having built expertise and passion around early to mid stage global technology entrepreneurship and investment. He is extremely unique in the VC industry in that he has deep on the ground experience in both the U.S. and India, having helped companies grow from seedlings to mature industry leaders in both geographies. show more…



Mohanjit Jolly is a Partner of Iron Pillar. He has over 20 years of operating and venture capital experience, having built expertise and passion around early to mid stage global technology entrepreneurship and investment. He is extremely unique in the VC industry in that he has deep on the ground experience in both the U.S. and India, having helped companies grow from seedlings to mature industry leaders in both geographies.

Before joining Iron Pillar, Mohanjit was a Partner and Managing Director at DFJ where he established and managed DFJ’s India portfolio between 2007 and 2015, spending five years (2007-2012) in Bangalore, India. Upon returning to the US in 2012, Mohanjit also led DFJ’s business development efforts. Mohanjit serves on the Boards of Cleartrip, Attero and Dlight Design among others. Prior to DFJ, Mohanjit was a Managing Director at Garage Technology Ventures, a seed and early stage venture capital firm. While at Garage, Mohanjit worked with over 20 companies and was responsible for managing a US$20 million seed and early stage venture fund along with two other partners. Mohanjit also served as a Vice President at Garage.com where he raised in excess of US$150 million for 25 early stage technology companies. Prior to Garage, Mohanjit was part of the strategic planning group at Mattel where he helped launch the Mattel / Intel joint venture, Intel Play. He also spent several years in both engineering and business development roles with Itek Optical Systems, a manufacturer of high-resolution reconnaissance systems for both military and commercial use.

While earning his MBA from the Anderson School at UCLA, Mohanjit helped launch ViaSpace, a technology incubator in Southern California in conjunction with Caltech and Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Mohanjit earned a BS and MS in aeronautics and astronautics from MIT, with a specialization in electric propulsion systems. While at MIT, Mohanjit received the senior thesis award for outstanding achievement in Aerospace Engineering, the NASA Space Grant Fellowship for rocket propulsion research, and was awarded the “Aero / Astro Sixteen XVI” prize as one of 16 graduates from the Aero / Astro program since 1985 who could change the future of opportunity.
 
Mohanjit is an active blogger and serves as an Advisor to the MIT Technology Review India, Astia, Accenture Innovation Board, Unshackled Ventures and The Unreasonable Institute.
show less…





 







John Kim, Principal, AlpInvest Partners


John is a Principal in the Co-Investment team where he is responsible for sourcing, executing, and monitoring transactions in Asia. He joined AlpInvest Partners in 2008 from Lehman Brothers, where he worked in the equity research division covering Korean technology companies and the Asian display industry. show more…



John is a Principal in the Co-Investment team where he is responsible for sourcing, executing, and monitoring transactions in Asia. He joined AlpInvest Partners in 2008 from Lehman Brothers, where he worked in the equity research division covering Korean technology companies and the Asian display industry. John received an ScB in Applied Mathematics-Economics from Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.show less…





 







Megumi Kiyozuka, Managing Director (Head of Japan), CLSA Capital Partners Japan


Megumi Kiyozuka currently serves as Managing Director (Head of Japan) of CLSA Capital Partners Japan. In this capacity, he is responsible for the overall investment activities of the firm and serves on the board of numerous portfolio companies. Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Mr. Kiyozuka was a Director focused on Japanese buyout opportunities in the consumer, healthcare, and industrial sectors with The Carlyle Group in Tokyo. show more…



Megumi Kiyozuka currently serves as Managing Director (Head of Japan) of CLSA Capital Partners Japan. In this capacity, he is responsible for the overall investment activities of the firm and serves on the board of numerous portfolio companies. Prior to joining the firm in 2006, Mr. Kiyozuka was a Director focused on Japanese buyout opportunities in the consumer, healthcare, and industrial sectors with The Carlyle Group in Tokyo. He spent 6 years at Carlyle and was one of the founding members of Carlyle Japan. Prior to his tenure at The Carlyle Group, he was a Senior Manager at the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, where he accumulated over 10 years of experience in M&A and syndicated loans across various countries in Asia. Mr. Kiyozuka received a B.A. in Economics from Shiga University and an M.B.A. from the Haas School of Business, University of California at Berkeley.show less…





 







Charles Knight, Partner | Global Director – M&A Services, Deloitte


Charles is a Partner in Deloitte’s Canadian practice, having over 30 years of M&A experience. Charles focuses on guiding companies through all aspects of their transactions, from M&A strategy, deal sourcing, structuring, diligence, SPA, closing and integration. Charles is a member of Deloitte’s global M&A executive committee, which sets the strategic direction of our Global M&A service offering.  show more…



Charles is a Partner in Deloitte’s Canadian practice, having over 30 years of M&A experience. Charles focuses on guiding companies through all aspects of their transactions, from M&A strategy, deal sourcing, structuring, diligence, SPA, closing and integration. Charles is a member of Deloitte’s global M&A executive committee, which sets the strategic direction of our Global M&A service offering.
 
Charles leads Deloitte’s China focused cross-border program, directed towards serving China based investors seeking global investments. This program is designed to assist investors in identifying suitable investments and, fully supporting their targeted investment to closing. Prior to his current role, Charles lead Deloitte’s global M&A practice, and previously, the Canadian M&A practice.
 
Charles’ experience covers a wide-range of domestic and cross-border M&A structures and investments; assisting financial and strategic clients with their acquisition and divestiture activities. Charles has lead Deloitte’s involvement in some of the largest and most complex M&A engagements in Canada. He has significant experience in the energy, manufacturing and consumer business sector. show less…













David Ko, Managing Director, SkyLake Investment


David Ko, joined SkyLake in 2007, is a Managing Director of SkyLake Investment Co., the largest technology-focused buyout private equity firm based in Korea with AUM of USD $1.8bn. While overseeing the firm’s investment activities, Mr. Ko has led and executed several successful buyout exits with average IRR returns of over 20%.  He has over 18 years of professional experience analyzing and investing in technology companies.  show more…



David Ko, joined SkyLake in 2007, is a Managing Director of SkyLake Investment Co., the largest technology-focused buyout private equity firm based in Korea with AUM of USD $1.8bn. While overseeing the firm’s investment activities, Mr. Ko has led and executed several successful buyout exits with average IRR returns of over 20%.  He has over 18 years of professional experience analyzing and investing in technology companies. Prior to joining SkyLake, Mr. Ko served as Technology Sector Equity Research Analyst at various global investment banks including Merrill Lynch and CLSA and was named as one of Asia’s Best Technology Analysts by AsiaMoney.

Mr. Ko graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a B.A. in Economics and is an avid polo player.

show less…













Peter Ko, Managing Director, ShawKwei & Partners


Mr. Ko is Managing Director at ShawKwei & Partners, a private equity fund manager established in 1999 with offices in Hong Kong and Singapore, investing in a variety of industrial and service businesses across Asia.

 show more…



Mr. Ko is Managing Director at ShawKwei & Partners, a private equity fund manager established in 1999 with offices in Hong Kong and Singapore, investing in a variety of industrial and service businesses across Asia.

Mr. Ko has over 25 years of experience in private equity focused on the Asia Pacific region. His experience has spanned from executing cross-border investments at Asian Oceanic Group, undertaking Asian buyouts at William E. Simon & Sons (Asia) Limited (founded by Bill Simon, former United States Secretary of the Treasury Secretary), and serving in senior investment and management roles at H&Q Asia Pacific.

Mr. Ko graduated with a BA from Columbia University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

show less…













Alvin Lam, Senior Managing Director, CVC Capital Partners


Mr. Alvin Lam is a Senior Managing Director with CVC Capital Partners. Alvin joined CVC in 2005 and is a member of the CVC’s Asia Operations Team, based in Hong Kong. Prior to joining CVC, Alvin was a Principal with the Boston Consulting Group’s Greater China practice and worked for Philip Morris International in a regional business development role. show more…



Mr. Alvin Lam is a Senior Managing Director with CVC Capital Partners. Alvin joined CVC in 2005 and is a member of the CVC’s Asia Operations Team, based in Hong Kong. Prior to joining CVC, Alvin was a Principal with the Boston Consulting Group’s Greater China practice and worked for Philip Morris International in a regional business development role. Alvin holds a BSc Degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an MBA from the Wharton School and an MA in International Studies from the University of Pennsylvania.show less…





 







David Larsen, Managing Director, Duff & Phelps


David Larsen is a managing director in the San Francisco office of Duff & Phelps and part of the Portfolio Valuation service line. He has more than 30 years of transaction and accounting experience. He specializes in fair value accounting issues, and specifically in valuation, accounting, and regulatory issues faced by Alternative Asset managers and investors. show more…



David Larsen is a managing director in the San Francisco office of Duff & Phelps and part of the Portfolio Valuation service line. He has more than 30 years of transaction and accounting experience. He specializes in fair value accounting issues, and specifically in valuation, accounting, and regulatory issues faced by Alternative Asset managers and investors.

David advises leading Private Equity Managers and Institutional Investors and has advised numerous strategic and private equity acquirers in all areas of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures and valuation related maters. He provides valuation policy and process assistance to a number of the world’s largest institutional limited partner investors and some of the world’s largest alternative Investment managers. David serves as Vice Chair of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuations Board (IPEV), which in 2015 released updated International Private Equity Valuation Guidelines and serves as a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) PE/VC Practice Guide Task Force. David has served as a special advisor to the Institutional Limited Partners Association; board member, project manager and technical advisor to the Private Equity Industry Guidelines Group and was instrumental in developing and drafting the Private Equity Industry Guidelines Group’s Valuation and Reporting Guidelines; member of the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Valuation Resource Group responsible for providing the Board with input on potential clarifying guidance on issues relating to the application of the principles of FASB ASC Topic 820 (formerly SFAS No. 157), Fair Value Measurements and a member of the AICPA Net Asset Value Task Force.
show less…





 







Kevin Lee, Managing Partner, Crescendo Equity Partners


Dr. Lee is the managing partner of Crescendo Equity Partners, an investment firm focused on high-growth technology companies.  Crescendo was set up with the sponsorship from Peter Thiel, the co-founder of PayPal and first outside investor in Facebook. show more…



Dr. Lee is the managing partner of Crescendo Equity Partners, an investment firm focused on high-growth technology companies.  Crescendo was set up with the sponsorship from Peter Thiel, the co-founder of PayPal and first outside investor in Facebook.

Prior to Crescendo, Dr. Lee worked as the Korea head at Excelsior Capital Asia.  Prior to Excelsior Capital Asia, Dr. Lee was a management consultant at McKinsey and Company, serving clients in private equity, semiconductor, and mobile telecom in Korea, Japan, US, and the Netherlands.  Prior to that, Dr. Lee worked at both large and small engineering companies such as Intel and LNL Technologies.

Dr. Lee has a Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering from MIT, and a B.S. in Materials Science from UC Berkeley.   In 2003, Dr. Lee was selected as one of 100 young innovators in the world by MIT Technology Review.
show less…





 







Jason Lee, Managing Director & Head of Asia Real Estate, The Carlyle Group


Jason H. Lee is a Managing Director and Head of Asia Real Estate. Mr. Lee is based in Hong Kong.

Mr. Lee joined Carlyle’s U.S. Real Estate Group in Washington, D.C. in 1996 and has been involved in the acquisition of more than US$3 billion of real estate assets in the U.S. through Carlyle Realty Partners I and II. show more…



Jason H. Lee is a Managing Director and Head of Asia Real Estate. Mr. Lee is based in Hong Kong.

Mr. Lee joined Carlyle’s U.S. Real Estate Group in Washington, D.C. in 1996 and has been involved in the acquisition of more than US$3 billion of real estate assets in the U.S. through Carlyle Realty Partners I and II. Mr. Lee launched Carlyle’s Asia real estate activities in 2001 and has invested in over US$6 billion of real estate assets in Asia with a primary focus on China, Australia and Japan.

Before joining Carlyle, Mr. Lee worked for the O’Connor Group in New York and for Disney Development Company in California.

Mr. Lee received a B.S. in business administration from the University of California, Berkeley and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
show less…





 







Nisa Leung, Managing Partner, Qiming Ventures


Nisa Leung is a Managing Partner of Qiming Venture Partners and leading its health care investments. Qiming Venture Partners is a leading investment firm in China which currently manages five USD funds and four RMB funds with over USD 2.7 billion in assets and investment in over 160 companies. show more…



Nisa Leung is a Managing Partner of Qiming Venture Partners and leading its health care investments. Qiming Venture Partners is a leading investment firm in China which currently manages five USD funds and four RMB funds with over USD 2.7 billion in assets and investment in over 160 companies. Nisa is a proven business leader with strong operational experience and successful investment track record.
 
Prior to joining Qiming, she was co-founder of Biomedic Holdings with operations and investments in medical devices, pharmaceuticals and health care services in China including Novamed Pharmaceuticals (acquired by SciClone) and U-Systems (acquired by GE Healthcare).  Nisa was Venture Partner of PacRim Ventures in Menlo Park, and was previously with Softbank/Mobius Venture Capital.
 
Nisa currently sits on the board of Gan & Lee Pharmaceutical, Zai Lab, Novast Pharmaceuticals, Nurotron Biotechnology, Venus Medtech, Goodwill Infotech, CanSino Biotechnology and Berry Genomics. Nisa oversees Qiming’s investment in CITIC Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Shanghai Pharmaceuticals), OriGene Technologies, Shenogen, Crown Bioscience, Richen, Aeonmed, VR Medical Group, Wuxi Leiming and ACEA Biosciences.
 
Nisa earned her MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BS from Cornell University. She is currently visiting lecturer at Harvard Law School, a founding member and Vice Chair of PhIRDA (China Pharmaceutical Innovation and Research Development Association) Innovation Drug Investment Committee, director of Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation, council member of HKUST Business School and serves on the Board of Governors of the Hotchkiss School.
show less…





 







Bin Li, Partner, Ally Bridge Group


Dr. Bin Li is the founder and CIO of ABG-LB Healthcare Fund and a partner of Ally Bridge Group. Previously, he was a Managing Director and the Head of Greater China Healthcare Research at Morgan Stanley and led the coverage of Greater China healthcare industry. show more…



Dr. Bin Li is the founder and CIO of ABG-LB Healthcare Fund and a partner of Ally Bridge Group. Previously, he was a Managing Director and the Head of Greater China Healthcare Research at Morgan Stanley and led the coverage of Greater China healthcare industry. Since he moved to Morgan Stanley and established the healthcare research practice in Hong Kong in 2008, he had been ranked as the top analyst in China healthcare industry by the most widely recognized investor surveys. He was ranked No. 1 Asia Healthcare Analyst by the Institutional Investor (II) for seven consecutive years (2008-2014) and No.1 China Healthcare Analyst each year by II since the poll started in 2010 (2010-2014). He was also ranked as No. 1 Asia Healthcare Analyst by all other independent investor surveys including Greenwich and Asiamoney. In addition, he was rated as No. 1 in Wall Street Journal’s Best Asia Healthcare Analysts poll for his stock selection in 2010.

Before joining Morgan Stanley, he was a senior healthcare research analyst at Merrill Lynch (Hong Kong) and responsible for the firm’s stock research efforts on Asia healthcare. Before moving to Hong Kong in 2007, he was a key member of a top-rank US pharmaceutical research team at Merrill Lynch based in New York.

Dr. Li has over 20-year experience in healthcare industry. He received his Ph.D. in biochemistry and MBA from New York University and bachelor degree from Fudan University, China. Prior to his sell-side career, he worked at Merck Research Laboratory as a scientist.
show less…





 







Judith Li, Partner, Lilly Asia Ventures


Judith J. Li, is a Partner at Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV), based in Hong Kong / Shanghai and focused on early and growth stage investments across biopharmaceuticals, medical devices, and diagnostics both domestically and cross-border. show more…



Judith J. Li, is a Partner at Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV), based in Hong Kong / Shanghai and focused on early and growth stage investments across biopharmaceuticals, medical devices, and diagnostics both domestically and cross-border. Judith holds board appointments at a variety of LAV’s portfolio companies including Nextcure, Crown Biosciences, Just Biotherapeutics, and Veritas Genetics. Her prior experience includes McKinsey’s New York office, hospital administration at Partners Healthcare, and co-founding an interventional nephrology medical device venture. Judith holds a B.A. in Neurobiology from Harvard and M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, and currently resides in Hong Kong with her husband Ben, splitting her time between Hong Kong, Shanghai, and the Bay Area.show less…





 







Kevin Loh, Managing Director, Creador


Prior to joining Creador, Kevin was a Partner and Managing Director at the Boston Consulting Group (“BCG”) where he specialised in strategy development and execution, covering topics such as market entry, business growth, supply chain and business turnaround, with an emphasis on consumer goods and healthcare sectors. show more…



Prior to joining Creador, Kevin was a Partner and Managing Director at the Boston Consulting Group (“BCG”) where he specialised in strategy development and execution, covering topics such as market entry, business growth, supply chain and business turnaround, with an emphasis on consumer goods and healthcare sectors. His primary clients included a large sovereign wealth fund and several MNCs across Southeast Asia. Before his time at BCG, Kevin was at ASTRO where he was in Corporate Finance team. Kevin has an MBA and Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Summa Cum Laude, valedictorian) from Hawaii Pacific University.show less…





 







Eric Mason, Managing Director – Asia Investments, The Church Pension Fund


Eric Mason is a Managing Director of The Church Pension Fund. He joined the Church Pension Fund in 2009 as the head of the Fund’s new Asian office based in Hong Kong and has been based in Asia for almost 25 years. Mr. Mason and his team are responsible for the Fund’s investments in Asia across all asset classes with a focus on private equity, real estate and hedge funds. show more…



Eric Mason is a Managing Director of The Church Pension Fund. He joined the Church Pension Fund in 2009 as the head of the Fund’s new Asian office based in Hong Kong and has been based in Asia for almost 25 years. Mr. Mason and his team are responsible for the Fund’s investments in Asia across all asset classes with a focus on private equity, real estate and hedge funds. The team manages approximately $1.5 billion in investments in Asian based managers.

Prior to joining the Fund, Mr. Mason was the head for the Carlyle Group’s Asia Leverage Finance Fund and before that spent 13 years at JPMorgan most recently as Asian regional head of Leveraged Finance. In these roles, Mr. Mason has developed experience in structuring, underwriting and investing in private equity and credit transactions. Mr. Mason first came to Asia in 1990 to teach in China with Princeton-in-Asia and before that worked in Washington DC for U.S. Senator Bill Bradley. Mr. Mason received a B.A. in International Relations and Economics from the University of Delaware and earned a Masters in International Affairs from Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs. Mr. Mason speaks Mandarin Chinese.

The Church Pension Fund is a private tax exempt organization based in New York City with approximately US$12 billion in assets under management. The Fund has been in continuous operation since 1917 and provides pension benefits to those serving the Episcopal Church.  The Church is an extensive investor in alternative assets and has been investing with many of the global leaders in venture capital and private equity for decades.
show less…





 







Darren Massara, Managing Partner, NewQuest Capital Partners


Darren is Managing Partner of NewQuest Capital Partners, a Hong Kong-based private equity manager with over US$1.25B in committed capital and three funds under management.  Prior to launching NewQuest in 2011, Darren led Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Asia Private Equity Group based in Hong Kong and spent over eight years at the International Finance Corporation. show more…



Darren is Managing Partner of NewQuest Capital Partners, a Hong Kong-based private equity manager with over US$1.25B in committed capital and three funds under management.  Prior to launching NewQuest in 2011, Darren led Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s Asia Private Equity Group based in Hong Kong and spent over eight years at the International Finance Corporation. Darren has an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management, a Masters from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, and a BA from Cornell University.show less…





 







Rodney Muse, Managing Partner, Navis Capital Partners


Mr. Rodney Muse is the Managing Partner of the firm. He leads investment teams in making, monitoring and exiting investments, sits on Investment Committee and sits on the boards and/or executive committees of several Navis portfolio companies. He has been active in Navis investments across many industries and geographies since Navis’ inception. show more…



Mr. Rodney Muse is the Managing Partner of the firm. He leads investment teams in making, monitoring and exiting investments, sits on Investment Committee and sits on the boards and/or executive committees of several Navis portfolio companies. He has been active in Navis investments across many industries and geographies since Navis’ inception.

Mr. Muse co-founded Navis in 1998 with Messrs. Bloy and Foyston with whom he worked while at The Boston Consulting Group.

He holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Arts Hons degree from St. Lawrence University.
show less…





 







Girish Nadkarni, Partner, Private Equity , IDFC Alternatives


Girish Nadkarni joined IDFC Alternatives in 2011. He has over two decades of experience across Private Equity, M&As, managing large companies, business strategy and setting up of businesses, corporate finance, treasury and risk management.  show more…



Girish Nadkarni joined IDFC Alternatives in 2011. He has over two decades of experience across Private Equity, M&As, managing large companies, business strategy and setting up of businesses, corporate finance, treasury and risk management.

Girish primarily focuses on originating and evaluating investment opportunities, over-seeing the portfolio and creating exit opportunities. He has strong consumer, food and agri-business, financial services and telecom sector expertise. He has led successful investments in Parag Milk Foods, Staragri Warehousing and Collateral Management and NCDEX. He also actively manages investments in DARCL,Green Infra, GVR Infra and led three large exits in Green Infra, Staragri and Parag Milks. He is also actively spearheading in new fund raise.

Prior to joining IDFC Alternatives, Girish worked for Rallis India Limited (a Tata Group Agri company) as Executive Vice President & CFO. He led the acquisition of Metahelix, a seed company in India. He was earlier with Tata Chemicals as Vice President – Finance and played a key role in the acquisitions of General Chemicals, USA and controlling stake in Rallis. Prior to that Girish worked with Tata Industries, holding up of Tata Group, as Vice President- New Projects, where he was engaged in setting up and calling up of new businesses for the Tata Group. He played a key role in more than a dozen large M&A and buyout transactions such as VSNL, Hughes Telecom, Escotel Mobile, and divestments such as Idea Cellular, Tata Honeywell, Tata Telecom (Avaya) and Information Tech Park. Girish was on the boards of many companies invested by Tata Group and was a member of Excom of Tata Chemicals and Rallis. Girish started his career as part of the strategic finance team of Tata Power.

Girish holds a Bachelor of Commerce & Economics degree from University of Mumbai, is an all India rank holder Chartered Accountant and a Cost & Management Accountant. He is a Fulbright Scholar, USA, Carnegie Mellon University and completed leadership development programs at Wharton Business School (UPENN) and Tepper’s Business School (CMU). show less…













Brian O’Connor, Founding Partner, Falcon House Partners


Brian O’Connor is a Founding Partner of Falcon House Partners, an Indonesia mid-market focused private equity firm.

First arriving in Asia in 1990, Brian worked at Lehman Brothers for 18 years, having been Head of Indonesia, Head of Non-Japan Asia Corporate Finance and Mergers & Acquisitions and the CAO (COO) for Asia-Pacific. show more…



Brian O’Connor is a Founding Partner of Falcon House Partners, an Indonesia mid-market focused private equity firm.

First arriving in Asia in 1990, Brian worked at Lehman Brothers for 18 years, having been Head of Indonesia, Head of Non-Japan Asia Corporate Finance and Mergers & Acquisitions and the CAO (COO) for Asia-Pacific. He served on the Executive Committee for Lehman Brothers Asia-Pacific for 4 years and became Vice Chairman, Asia, after Nomura’s acquisition in 2008.

Brian holds degrees in Economics and Asian Studies from the UC Berkeley.
show less…





 







Mark O’Hare, Founder & Chief Executive, Preqin


Mark O’Hare is Founder and Chief Executive of Preqin, the alternative assets information service.  Preqin provides extensive research and data on the entire global alternative assets industry, covering private equity, hedge funds, real estate, infrastructure, private debt and natural resources. Preqin is an independent business with over 300 staff based in London, New York, Singapore, San Francisco, Hong Kong and Manila, providing market-leading online and hard copy data services to many of the world’s leading institutional investors, money managers and advisors. Preqin’s online databases are used by over 12,000 customers in 94 countries worldwide. show more…



Mark O’Hare is Founder and Chief Executive of Preqin, the alternative assets information service.  Preqin provides extensive research and data on the entire global alternative assets industry, covering private equity, hedge funds, real estate, infrastructure, private debt and natural resources. Preqin is an independent business with over 300 staff based in London, New York, Singapore, San Francisco, Hong Kong and Manila, providing market-leading online and hard copy data services to many of the world’s leading institutional investors, money managers and advisors. Preqin’s online databases are used by over 12,000 customers in 94 countries worldwide. In addition, over 60,000 industry professionals receive Preqin’s newsletters and research reports every month. Preqin tracks fund returns, fundraising information, fund terms and conditions, profiles of the GPs running the funds, and the LPs investing in them. Preqin’s databases also cover buyout, venture capital and infrastructure deals globally.

Before Preqin, Mark’s initial career was as a Manager with Boston Consulting Group, where he advised clients in Europe, the US and Africa, across several industries including financial services, healthcare, retail, industrial and consumer products. Following BCG he founded Goodall Alexander O’Hare & Co, an independent strategy consulting firm. In 1993 he founded Citywatch, the UK’s leading shareholder information service, which was acquired by Reuters in 1998, and now provides a global service on the ownership of listed equities.

Mark studied Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics at Cambridge University, where he graduated with First Class Honours and was awarded the Stokes Prize. He represented his college 1st VIII in rowing.  Subsequent to this he studied Finance at London Business School.show less…





 







James Pearson, CEO, Pacific Risk Advisors


James Pearson, CEO of Pacific Risk Advisors, a Hong Kong based ESG risk management advisory company, has over 28 years’ experience in the international ESG and sustainability risk advisory sector.

 show more…



James Pearson, CEO of Pacific Risk Advisors, a Hong Kong based ESG risk management advisory company, has over 28 years’ experience in the international ESG and sustainability risk advisory sector.

Mr Pearson has extensive experience in management consultancy, project management and direction of multi-jurisdictional and multi facility studies addressing business and management risks from an environmental, social, governance (ESG) awareness and sustainable perspective.  He advises boards and investors on the ESG risks of an investment and offer practical mitigation and remediation solutions.

He has conducted numerous regulatory, risk and compliance related investigations throughout Asia and has authored several chapters in “Sustainable Risk Management in China” and “Managing Business Risk”.

His clients are mainly in the financial sector and include DFIs, LPs and GPs who are considering investments in all industry sectors including infrastructure, manufacturing, agribusiness, real estate, healthcare and services.

Mr Pearson is also a fully qualified mediator under the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators with specialist expertise in environmental and sustainability related issues. He is a Chartered Scientist and Environmentalist and has a Diploma in Non-Executive Directorship.  He is a NED of a global Electronic Asset Management and Reverse Logistics Supply Chain company headquartered in HK and the US. He also sits on the Britcham Environment and Real Estate Committees.
show less…













Alexander Pestalozzi, Managing Director, Mueller Asia


Alexander A. Pestalozzi runs the Asian branch of the family office of Theo Mueller, who’s the sole owner and shareholder of a conglomerate with 6.5bn Euros of revenues including the famous Mueller dairy brand.  The family office invests strategically into private equity, both direct investment and through selected funds, along the fast moving consumer goods sector to participate in the growing middle class in Asia. show more…



Alexander A. Pestalozzi runs the Asian branch of the family office of Theo Mueller, who’s the sole owner and shareholder of a conglomerate with 6.5bn Euros of revenues including the famous Mueller dairy brand.  The family office invests strategically into private equity, both direct investment and through selected funds, along the fast moving consumer goods sector to participate in the growing middle class in Asia.  He is also involved with the operational expansion of the dairy business through various initiatives among different Asian countries including China.

Before moving out to Hong Kong to build Mueller Asia in late 2012, Alexander was based in Zurich being responsible for all private equity related investments in the family office as well as for Asia markets.  He joined Theo Mueller 8 years ago from the consumer and healthcare investment banking team of Credit Suisse in London.

Alexander holds an observer seat in China Genetics, a dairy cow farm operation in China.  He graduated with a master’s degree in Economics from the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland.
show less…





 







David Pierce, Managing Director & Head of Asia, HQ Capital


David G Pierce is Managing Director & Head of Asia for HQ Capital, member of a private investment group that invests in alternative assets globally.

He was Chairman of the Hong Kong Venture Capital & Private Equity Association from 2011-2013 and continues to serve the Association as a Board Member. show more…



David G Pierce is Managing Director & Head of Asia for HQ Capital, member of a private investment group that invests in alternative assets globally.

He was Chairman of the Hong Kong Venture Capital & Private Equity Association from 2011-2013 and continues to serve the Association as a Board Member. David is also currently Chair of the Asia Council of the Emerging Markets Private Equity Association as well as a member of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council’s Financial Services Advisory Committee, and of the Advisory Committee on International Economic Policy, US Department of State.

David holds an LLM from the London School of Economics, a JD cum laude from the Harvard Law School and a bachelor’s degree summa cum laude from Dartmouth College.
show less…





 







Lachmi-Niwas Sadani, Founder & Managing Partner, Lensbridge Capital


LN is the Founder and Managing Partner of Lensbridge Capital, a Singapore based (MAS regulated) fund management company focused on private equity investments in South and Southeast Asia. In this capacity, he invests in both early growth and mid-market buyout opportunities, with capital sourced from various family offices and institutional LPs globally. He also leads Lensbridge Capital’s partnership with Cisco Systems for investments into next generation Telecom/IT companies across Asia.
 show more…



LN is the Founder and Managing Partner of Lensbridge Capital, a Singapore based (MAS regulated) fund management company focused on private equity investments in South and Southeast Asia. In this capacity, he invests in both early growth and mid-market buyout opportunities, with capital sourced from various family offices and institutional LPs globally. He also leads Lensbridge Capital’s partnership with Cisco Systems for investments into next generation Telecom/IT companies across Asia.

LN has held senior leadership roles in the alternative investments industry in Europe and Asia over the last two decades and has deployed over $2.0 billion during this period generating top decile returns. Amongst the roles he has held are co-founder/Head of Asian office of Ardian Investments, Chief Investment Officer for Asian private equity/infrastructure at the Nomura Group and Global Head of Business Development at Terra Firma Capital Partners. He started his private equity career within the leveraged buyouts team of Apax Partners in London and prior to this worked for several years in management consulting with Arthur D Little and Innovation Associates across N. America and Asia. He has invested across a range of sectors including telecommunications, media, retail and renewable energy.

LN holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, an MS in Chemical Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and a B Tech in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras. He is a citizen of Singapore and a recipient of the coveted National Talent Scholar award from the Government of India.

Currently, LN serves on the Boards of V Resorts (Indian hospitality group) and Pretty Secrets (Indian lingerie/apparel business). He has previously also served on the Boards (including Advisory Boards of leading Asian private equity funds) of both for-profit and non-profit organisations globally.
show less…





 







Simon Sham, Managing Director, Darby Asia Investors


Mr. Sham is the Managing Director of the mezzanine finance team in Darby Asia Investors.  He has the primary responsibility in managing the investment activities of three regional mezzanine funds which focus on providing growth capital to mid-size companies in Asia since 2002.  Mr. Sham has over 30 years of experience in mezzanine finance, project finance, corporate and investment banking in the emerging markets. show more…



Mr. Sham is the Managing Director of the mezzanine finance team in Darby Asia Investors.  He has the primary responsibility in managing the investment activities of three regional mezzanine funds which focus on providing growth capital to mid-size companies in Asia since 2002.  Mr. Sham has over 30 years of experience in mezzanine finance, project finance, corporate and investment banking in the emerging markets.  From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Sham worked as a Director at Prudential Asia Infrastructure Investor and was responsible for the origination, execution and exits of several mezzanine infrastructure investments.  Prior to that, Mr. Sham was the Managing Director of the Global Energy & Utilities Group at CIBC World Markets in Hong Kong.  From 1996 to 1998, he was a Director and Head of Infrastructure Finance in Asian Securitization & Infrastructure Assurance (Pte) Ltd. based in Singapore.  Previously, he was the General Manager of the Hong Kong Representative Office of West Merchant Bank (WMB).  Prior to joining WMB, Mr. Sham spent 13 years working for Citibank primarily as a senior investment professional in the project finance, corporate and investment banking areas in Hong Kong and Toronto.

Mr. Sham has a Bachelor of Civil Engineering & Management degree and an MBA degree from McMaster University.  Mr. Sham holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is also a Chartered Professional Accountant (Canada).
show less…





 







David Shen, Regional Managing Director, Olympus Capital Holdings Asia


David T. Shen is Regional Managing Director of Olympus Capital Holdings Asia, an independent private equity group focusing on middle market companies in Greater China, India, Japan and Korea. show more…



David T. Shen is Regional Managing Director of Olympus Capital Holdings Asia, an independent private equity group focusing on middle market companies in Greater China, India, Japan and Korea.  Since joining Olympus Capital in Hong Kong in 1998, he has led several of the firm’s investments in the agribusiness, chemicals, financial services, manufacturing, telecommunications and technology sector in various markets across the Asia Pacific region.

Prior to joining Olympus Capital, Mr. Shen was with William E. Simon & Sons (Asia), the Asian affiliate of the direct investment group founded by Mr. William Simon Sr., the former U.S. Treasury Secretary under President Nixon and Ford.  Before that, Mr. Shen was with Goldman Sachs Group in New York and Hong Kong.  Mr. Shen holds an MBA from the Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania and a BS degree from Cornell University.
show less…





 







Padmanabh Sinha, Managing Partner, Tata Opportunities Fund


Padmanabh (Paddy) Sinha is the Managing Partner for the flagship private equity fund of the Tata group – Tata Opportunities Fund. Prior to joining Tata Capital as a founding partner of the Tata Opportunities Fund, Mr. Sinha was the Managing Director for India at Temasek Holdings. Mr. Sinha was part of Temasek’s founding India team in 2004 and during his tenure at Temasek also led global special projects for Temasek. show more…



Padmanabh (Paddy) Sinha is the Managing Partner for the flagship private equity fund of the Tata group – Tata Opportunities Fund. Prior to joining Tata Capital as a founding partner of the Tata Opportunities Fund, Mr. Sinha was the Managing Director for India at Temasek Holdings. Mr. Sinha was part of Temasek’s founding India team in 2004 and during his tenure at Temasek also led global special projects for Temasek. He has worked with ICICI Venture previously as well as an entrepreneur where he was the President of an e-learning company funded by ChrysCapital, Star TV and International Finance Corporation, which he eventually sold to a listed Indian corporation. Mr. Sinha has served on several corporate boards, including select Tata companies. He is the current Vice Chairman of the Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA)

The Tata Opportunities Fund is a USD 600 million third party private equity fund which invests in select Tata group entities as well as other independent Indian businesses. The Fund’s investees benefit both from its capital as well as from access to the Tata group’s global reach and wide ranging long established industry presence. The fund is sector and stage agnostic and invests in both minority and control deals.
show less…












Edward Sippel, Managing Director, TA Associates Asia Pacific


Mr. Edward F. Sippel is a Managing Director at TA Associates. At the firm, he is CoHead of Asia and manages the Hong Kong office which he helped open in 2011. Mr. Sippel focuses on minority equity investments, recapitalizations, and management buyouts of growth companies in the Asia Pacific region. He has 19 years of experience in deal sourcing, due diligence, structuring, portfolio management and exits across numerous Asian markets. show more…



Mr. Edward F. Sippel is a Managing Director at TA Associates. At the firm, he is CoHead of Asia and manages the Hong Kong office which he helped open in 2011. Mr. Sippel focuses on minority equity investments, recapitalizations, and management buyouts of growth companies in the Asia Pacific region. He has 19 years of experience in deal sourcing, due diligence, structuring, portfolio management and exits across numerous Asian markets. On behalf of TA Associates, Mr. Sippel currently serves on the Board of Directors of SpeedCast Limited in Hong Kong and listed on the ASX, Nintex in Australia, YeePay in China, and was formerly on the Board of Directors of Forgame Tech in China, a TA Company listed on the HKSE. At previous firms, Mr. Sippel led deal teams for private equity investments across Asia and served on the Board of Directors of various companies including PowertTel Limited (ASX:PWT), InterTouch (Singapore), Protection One (NASDAQ: PONE), Tower Vision India, and Request Broadband, among others.

Previously, Mr. Sippel was a Partner at Quadrangle Capital Partners, a global private equity firm. He opened the Hong Kong office for Quadrangle in 2007 and headed the firm’s Asian operations. Prior to joining Quadrangle, Mr. Sippel was a Managing Director and Partner at TVG Capital Partners (“TVG”), a private equity firm based in Hong Kong focused on investments throughout Asia. Prior to TVG, Mr. Sippel was with The Asian Infrastructure Fund (“AIF”), a private equity firm based in Hong Kong. Prior to AIF, Mr. Sippel worked at Morgan Stanley in New York.

Mr. Sippel has lived and worked in Asia since 1997. Mr. Sippel received a BA degree from Georgetown University.
show less…












Bryan Southergill, Managing Director, Real Estate, KKR


Bryan T. Southergill joined KKR in 2013 and is a member of the real estate team based in Hong Kong. He has led the build out of the Asia real estate investing platform and is responsible for advancing KKR’s regional real estate investment strategy across Asia. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Southergill was managing director and head of Asia Real Estate Investing in J.P. Morgan’s Global Special Opportunities Group, where he led its proprietary, special situations-style, real estate investing business in Asia.  show more…



Bryan T. Southergill joined KKR in 2013 and is a member of the real estate team based in Hong Kong. He has led the build out of the Asia real estate investing platform and is responsible for advancing KKR’s regional real estate investment strategy across Asia. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Southergill was managing director and head of Asia Real Estate Investing in J.P. Morgan’s Global Special Opportunities Group, where he led its proprietary, special situations-style, real estate investing business in Asia. Prior to that, he was deputy head of Asia Real Estate Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley. During his time at Morgan Stanley, he was based in New York, London and Hong Kong, and had responsibility for both principal investing projects and corporate finance advisory assignments in the United States, Europe and Asia. He holds a Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, in Economics and Political Science from Amherst College. show less…












Daniel Spitzer, Chairman & CEO, Mountain Hazelnuts


Since the early 1990’s, Daniel has founded and led companies in Asia that have successfully combined financial objectives with social and environmental goals, including Mountain Hazelnuts (MH) and Plantation Timber Products Group (PTP). Bhutan’s largest private sector employer, MH is planting 10 million hazelnut trees on mountain slopes, and in the process doubling household income of more than 10% of the Kingdom’s population.   show more…



Since the early 1990’s, Daniel has founded and led companies in Asia that have successfully combined financial objectives with social and environmental goals, including Mountain Hazelnuts (MH) and Plantation Timber Products Group (PTP). Bhutan’s largest private sector employer, MH is planting 10 million hazelnut trees on mountain slopes, and in the process doubling household income of more than 10% of the Kingdom’s population.  The trees sequester 1.5 mm MT of CO2-eq over the project life and remediates degraded ecosystems. MH’s shareholders include impact and institutional investors, such as IFC. ADB recently named MH as “Corporate Finance/Project Finance Deal of the Year”.  MH draws on the PTP model, which engaged 700,000 farmer partners growing trees on deforested mountains in Sichuan and vulnerable river regions, which served as raw material for the Company’s sustainable forest products. PTP built state-off-the-art factories, 1,000+ retail stores, and well-recognized brands to generate strong cash flow.  International Paper Group acquired PTP in 2004.  Daniel started his career in finance including four years each as Partner/Managing Director of a major private investment fund in Asia and Managing Director of a global merchant bank. He received a bachelor’s from University of California, Berkeley and a master’s from Stanford University. show less…













Derek Sulger, Partner, Lunar Capital


Derek Sulger is a Partner of Lunar Capital, a private equity investment manager focusing on control-oriented, operationally involved buyouts of leading Chinese consumer companies. He has more than twenty years of experience working with private equity-backed companies and investments in China. He is a member of Lunar’s Investment and Corporate Finance team and serves on the boards of several Lunar’s portfolio companies.
 show more…



Derek Sulger is a Partner of Lunar Capital, a private equity investment manager focusing on control-oriented, operationally involved buyouts of leading Chinese consumer companies. He has more than twenty years of experience working with private equity-backed companies and investments in China. He is a member of Lunar’s Investment and Corporate Finance team and serves on the boards of several Lunar’s portfolio companies. Derek is widely recognized as one of China’s most successful foreign entrepreneurs. Before moving to Shanghai in 1999, he worked with Goldman Sachs after graduating from Harvard University. show less…












Yinglan Tan, Venture Partner, Sequoia Capital


Tan Yinglan is a Venture Partner at Sequoia Capital and is the first hire by Sequoia Capital in Singapore, where he helped set up the Singapore office for Sequoia Capital. Sequoia Capital’s recent portfolio in Southeast Asia include Tokopedia, Gojek, Carousell, Appier, Pinkoi, and 99.co. Prior to joining Sequoia Capital, Yinglan was a member of the elite Singapore Administrative Service, where he served in a variety of positions in the Prime Minister’s Office (where he was part of a team that managed a S$360 million fund for innovation and enterprise), Ministry of Trade and Industry and Ministry of Defence.  show more…



Tan Yinglan is a Venture Partner at Sequoia Capital and is the first hire by Sequoia Capital in Singapore, where he helped set up the Singapore office for Sequoia Capital. Sequoia Capital’s recent portfolio in Southeast Asia include Tokopedia, Gojek, Carousell, Appier, Pinkoi, and 99.co. Prior to joining Sequoia Capital, Yinglan was a member of the elite Singapore Administrative Service, where he served in a variety of positions in the Prime Minister’s Office (where he was part of a team that managed a S$360 million fund for innovation and enterprise), Ministry of Trade and Industry and Ministry of Defence. Yinglan was also the founding Director of 3i Venturelab China, a joint-venture between private equity firm 3i (LSE:III) and INSEAD. During graduate school at Stanford, he had co-founded, raised angel funding and sold an online dating startup (which is still featured as a case study in Stanford University).

Yinglan has been named as a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader (2012 – 2017), a WEF Global Agenda Council member on Fostering Entrepreneurship (2011-2013), a WEF Technology Pioneer Selection Committee Panel (2015-2017), Top “40 leaders under 40” by Prestige Magazine (2015), one of 100 Leaders of Tomorrow by the St Gallen Symposium (2010), 100 Global Thinkers (2011) by think-tank Lo Spazio della Politica, a World Cities Summit Young Leader (2014) and a Kauffman Fellow. He also serves on the Singapore Government’s Pro Enterprise Panel headed by the Head of Civil Service. Yinglan is an Adjunct Associate Professor (Honorary) at National University of Singapore and a Strategic Research Innovation Fund Investment Committee Member at Nanyang Technology University, author of 3 books and was educated at Harvard, Stanford and Carnegie Mellon. show less…





 







Hamilton Tang, Managing Partner, SMC Capital (HK)


Hamilton Tang has more than 20 years of China and international investment banking, and entrepreneurial and private equity experience. He joined the Simon Murray group (“the Firm”) in 2000 and led its entry into the China private equity space in 2002/3.  He has since overseen this aspect of the Firm’s presence in China for the past 14 years and is the Managing Partner responsible for all the activities of SMC Capital China.   show more…



Hamilton Tang has more than 20 years of China and international investment banking, and entrepreneurial and private equity experience. He joined the Simon Murray group (“the Firm”) in 2000 and led its entry into the China private equity space in 2002/3.  He has since overseen this aspect of the Firm’s presence in China for the past 14 years and is the Managing Partner responsible for all the activities of SMC Capital China.  Previously, from 1996 to 2000, he was co-CEO of an Asia wide entertainment company that held interests in multiplex cinemas (including the largest theatre company in Hong Kong and the largest foreign cinema company in mainland China), ticketing, family amusement centers, and Chinese language film distribution and production. This entrepreneurial effort in creating a leading consumer business in China in the mid to late 1990’s has given Mr. Tang valuable operating experience and network.  Prior to that, he was Vice President at Morgan Stanley in the Investment Banking division in New York and Hong Kong. He received his Juris Doctor (1991) and Master of Business Administration (1990) from Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School, respectively, and a Bachelor of Arts (1985) from Harvard College. show less…













Ravi Thakran, Group President, LVMH South & Southeast Asia and Middle East; Chairman & Managing Partner, L Catterton Asia


Born in New Delhi, Mr Ravi Thakran has been the Group President of L LVMH South & Southeast Asia and Middle East since September 2007. He launched L Capital Asia (currently known as L Catterton Asia) in 2009 which manages over US$ 1.6 billion across two private equity funds, and over US$ 2 billion including co-investments. show more…



Born in New Delhi, Mr Ravi Thakran has been the Group President of L LVMH South & Southeast Asia and Middle East since September 2007. He launched L Capital Asia (currently known as L Catterton Asia) in 2009 which manages over US$ 1.6 billion across two private equity funds, and over US$ 2 billion including co-investments. L Catterton, formed in 2016 through the partnership of Catterton, LVMH and Groupe Arnault, is the largest consumer-focused private equity firm in the world, operating six distinct fund strategies out of seventeen offices located across five continents.

Prior to his time in LVMH, he had held senior management positions at the Swatch Group, Nike and the Tata Group. He holds an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad show less…












Mary Tran, Deputy Managing Director, Private Equity Investments, VinaCapital


Ms. Tran has 12 years working experience in investment banking, private equity, business start-ups, and operations management in Vietnam, China and the U.S.  Prior to joining VinaCapital’s private equity team as a Deputy Managing Director, Ms. Tran was previously VinaCapital’s Director of Strategy & Operations, overseeing the company’s strategy and operational activities across the front, middle and back offices, including business and product development initiatives.  show more…



Ms. Tran has 12 years working experience in investment banking, private equity, business start-ups, and operations management in Vietnam, China and the U.S.  Prior to joining VinaCapital’s private equity team as a Deputy Managing Director, Ms. Tran was previously VinaCapital’s Director of Strategy & Operations, overseeing the company’s strategy and operational activities across the front, middle and back offices, including business and product development initiatives.  Prior to VinaCapital, Ms. Tran was previously an Investment Officer at Vietnam Investments Group (VIG), a private equity firm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.  While at VIG, she spearheaded investment opportunity origination, investment analyses and due diligence, portfolio company management, fund macroeconomic and financial reporting, as well as fundraising initiatives for the company’s third fund.  Prior to VIG, Ms. Tran was an Operations Executive at Seaboard International, a former USD160m portfolio company of Industrial Growth Partners (IGP).  During her time at Seaboard, she was responsible for establishing and initially managing a low-cost country sourcing, assembly and testing subsidiary in Shanghai, China for the company’s oil & gas wellhead equipment manufacturing operation in the U.S.  Prior to Seaboard, Ms. Tran was an Investment Associate at IGP in San Francisco, U.S., a private equity firm with USD2.2b of AUM.  While at IGP, Ms. Tran successfully closed four LBO transactions totalling nearly USD300m and has taken active roles in identifying, structuring, executing, and monitoring investments.  Prior to IGP, Ms. Tran was an Investment Banking Analyst and Senior Investment Banking Analyst at Jefferies & Company in San Francisco, U.S., a global investment bank, where she provided debt and equity financing, as well as sell-side and buy-side M&A advisory services to middle-market companies.

Ms. Tran holds a Bachelor of Science Degree (BS) in Business Administration from the Walter A. Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley) in the U.S., and a Bachelor of Arts Degree (BA) in Anthropology from the College of Letters & Science at the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley) in the U.S. Ms. Tran holds FINRA Series 7 & 63 certifications. show less…












Denis Tse, Managing Partner, Asia-IO Advisors


Denis Tse is the Managing Partner of Asia-IO Advisors Limited. Most recently he was the Head of Asia – Private Investment with Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company. He has 15 years of private equity direct and fund investment experience in Asia, having worked with J.H Whitney, CDIB Capital, and HSBC Private Equity (Asia), where he became the first Kauffman Fellow from an Asian venture firm. show more…



Denis Tse is the Managing Partner of Asia-IO Advisors Limited. Most recently he was the Head of Asia – Private Investment with Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company. He has 15 years of private equity direct and fund investment experience in Asia, having worked with J.H Whitney, CDIB Capital, and HSBC Private Equity (Asia), where he became the first Kauffman Fellow from an Asian venture firm. Denis is one of Chief Investment Officer “2014 Forty Under Forty”, and was named one of “Asia’ 25 most influential people in private equity” by Asian Investor in 2013. He is the Chairperson of the Business Committee of the Advisory Council on Innovation & Technology to the Chief Executive of HKSAR. A Hong Kong native, Denis has an MBA from INSEAD and a BSc (Hon.) from Northwestern University. show less…





 







Pote Videt, Managing Director, Lombard


Pote Videt is a Managing Director of Lombard based in Bangkok.  Lombard is a leading international private equity investment manager with offices in Bangkok, Hong Kong and San Francisco, and extensive working relationships in Ho Chi Minh City, Manila, Shanghai and Taipei. Formed in 1985, Lombard has made more than 90 minority growth and control investments in Asia and North America. show more…



Pote Videt is a Managing Director of Lombard based in Bangkok.  Lombard is a leading international private equity investment manager with offices in Bangkok, Hong Kong and San Francisco, and extensive working relationships in Ho Chi Minh City, Manila, Shanghai and Taipei. Formed in 1985, Lombard has made more than 90 minority growth and control investments in Asia and North America. The firm’s investors include some of the world’s largest and most respected financial institutions, major pension funds and corporations, as well as family offices in Asia, Europe and North America.

Prior to joining Lombard in 2002, Mr. Videt was Managing Director of Credit Suisse First Boston responsible for Southeast Asia, and Managing Director of Goldman Sachs in Hong Kong.   In 1997, Mr. Videt  served as Deputy Minister of Commerce in the Thai Government, and was appointed to  the Council of Economic Advisors to the Prime Minister of Thailand in 2001.

Mr. Videt sits on the Boards of several companies in Southeast Asia, as well as on board of the Asian Corporate Governance Association.  He is former president of the Harvard Club of Thailand and trustee emeritus of the Asia Society – New York.  Mr. Videt graduated summa cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa from Yale University with a B.A. degree and holds an M.B.A. with distinction from Harvard Business School.
show less…





 







Joseph Wan, Operating Partner, Cinven HK


Joseph joined Cinven in 2008 and is a member of the Portfolio team, based in the Hong Kong office. In addition Joseph is part of the investor relations team looking after investors in Asia Pacific. show more…



Joseph joined Cinven in 2008 and is a member of the Portfolio team, based in the Hong Kong office. In addition Joseph is part of the investor relations team looking after investors in Asia Pacific.

Prior to Cinven, Joseph was Partner and Managing Director of The Boston Consulting Group in Hong Kong, where he was Head of Office. His primary sector focus was in consumer goods, retail and telecoms in Greater China/Asia. In addition, he has served many clients in banking, industrial goods and healthcare.

Joseph has a BSc in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.
show less…





 







Vivian Wan, Operating Director, TPG Capital


Vivian Wan is with TPG Capital as Operating Director. Vivian is based in the Hong Kong office and leads the Human Capital agenda (People, Pay, Performance) of TPG’s portfolio companies in Asia. Over the past few years, she has been working closely with over 10 portfolio companies across Asia to deliver the talent/organizations required to drive operations improvement and transformation. show more…



Vivian Wan is with TPG Capital as Operating Director. Vivian is based in the Hong Kong office and leads the Human Capital agenda (People, Pay, Performance) of TPG’s portfolio companies in Asia. Over the past few years, she has been working closely with over 10 portfolio companies across Asia to deliver the talent/organizations required to drive operations improvement and transformation.

Prior to joining TPG in 2011, Vivian held various HR leadership positions with Intel Corporation, including Asia Strategic Staffing Director and China Human Resources Director. During her five years with Intel, Vivian drove leadership pipeline building, countrywide workforce planning as well as organization development/right-sizing. Prior to Intel, she was a consultant with Heidrick & Struggles where she covered the private equity, high-tech, consulting and insurance industries. Additionally, Vivian was a management consultant with McKinsey & Company.

Vivian received her Doctor of Philosophy in Physics from St. John’s College, University of Cambridge and her MSc and MA from New Hall, University of Cambridge.
show less…





 







Frances Wang, Director, IDI Emerging Markets Partners


Frances is a Director of IDI Emerging Markets Partners with key focuses on fund raising, investor relations and communications as well as business developments.  Previously, she was a Director of China Renaissance Capital Investments, a greater China focused private equity firm, based in Hong Kong and managed its investor relations, fund raising and communications for 11 years. show more…



Frances is a Director of IDI Emerging Markets Partners with key focuses on fund raising, investor relations and communications as well as business developments.  Previously, she was a Director of China Renaissance Capital Investments, a greater China focused private equity firm, based in Hong Kong and managed its investor relations, fund raising and communications for 11 years.  Prior to that, she was an investment associate at InveStar, a Silicon Valley based venture capital firm.  Frances also obtained her operational management experiences by working in Shen-Tai, an international consumer products manufacturer and ANDA Networks, a Silicon Valley based telecom equipment manufacturer.  She holds a BA degree from University of California, Berkeley.  show less…





 







Piau-Voon Wang, Co-CIO, Noah Holdings (Hong Kong)


Senior global private equity specialist who has directly overseen the deployment of over US$3 billion through fund, direct, co-investment and secondary investments during a 23-professional-year career to date. As Co-CIO of Noah HK, Mr. Wang provides leadership, overall management and business development of the company, and takes the lead to develop Asset Management Business.  show more…



Senior global private equity specialist who has directly overseen the deployment of over US$3 billion through fund, direct, co-investment and secondary investments during a 23-professional-year career to date. As Co-CIO of Noah HK, Mr. Wang provides leadership, overall management and business development of the company, and takes the lead to develop Asset Management Business. Prior to Noah, Mr. Wang has spent highly successful 17 years at Adams Street as a Partner. Mr. Wang was awarded Bachelor of Accountancy, Second Class Honors of Nanyang Technological University. show less…













Benjamin Wiley, Partner, Sixpoint Partners


Mr. Wiley is a partner of Sixpoint Partners and focuses on our funds placement activities in Asia. He has lived and worked in Asia since 1986. He heads the firm’s origination efforts with funds based in Asia and holds key investor relationships in the Asian markets.  show more…



Mr. Wiley is a partner of Sixpoint Partners and focuses on our funds placement activities in Asia. He has lived and worked in Asia since 1986. He heads the firm’s origination efforts with funds based in Asia and holds key investor relationships in the Asian markets. After completing an undergraduate degree at Dartmouth in 1984 where he majored in Chinese, Mr. Wiley began his career with Morgan Stanley’s M&A group in New York. In 1987 he joined Merrill Lynch’s investment banking team based in Hong Kong. At Merrill, and later as at Asian Capital Partners, he was involved in corporate equity capital market initiatives and the creation and listing of a variety of country-specific investment funds for Taiwan, India and Indonesia. Mr. Wiley worked in Macquarie’s corporate advisory division from 2001 to 2009 and held senior positions in Singapore, Jakarta and Beijing and functional responsibility for advisory, fundraising and principal investment activities in the natural resources sector. During his time as the first President Director of Macquarie’s Indonesian entity the firm developed into one of the leading resources-focused advisory firms in Southeast Asia. Between 2009 and 2013 Mr. Wiley was Asia head for Standard Chartered Bank’s Metals & Mining Group for strategic clients. show less…













Dominik Woessner, Managing Director, Greenhill Cogent


Mr. Woessner is a Managing Director of Greenhill Cogent, part of Greenhill’s Capital Advisory group, and is primarily responsible for coverage and execution of secondary transactions for Asian clients. Prior to joining Greenhill Cogent in London in 2007, Mr. Woessner worked at Greenpark Capital (now part of StepStone), where he performed due diligence and analysis on secondary acquisitions. show more…



Mr. Woessner is a Managing Director of Greenhill Cogent, part of Greenhill’s Capital Advisory group, and is primarily responsible for coverage and execution of secondary transactions for Asian clients. Prior to joining Greenhill Cogent in London in 2007, Mr. Woessner worked at Greenpark Capital (now part of StepStone), where he performed due diligence and analysis on secondary acquisitions. Previously, Mr. Woessner spent four years at KPMG, where he advised private equity and corporate clients in the UK as well as in continental Europe.

Mr. Woessner holds a Master’s Degree in International Management from Thunderbird School of Global Management and a Bachelor’s Degree in Banking from Ravensburg University of Cooperative Education. He is also fluent in English and German and is a CFA charterholder.
show less…





 







Kenneth Wong, Partner, Primavera Capital


Kenneth Wong is a partner of Primavera Capital, a China based global investment firm. Kenneth is a member of the firm’s Investment Committee and co-chairs the firm’s Investment Portfolio Monitoring and Management Committee. Before starting Primavera Capital, Kenneth was a Managing Director in the Financial Institutions Group of the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs (Asia). show more…



Kenneth Wong is a partner of Primavera Capital, a China based global investment firm. Kenneth is a member of the firm’s Investment Committee and co-chairs the firm’s Investment Portfolio Monitoring and Management Committee. Before starting Primavera Capital, Kenneth was a Managing Director in the Financial Institutions Group of the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs (Asia).

Prior to his time at Goldman Sachs, Kenneth was a Director of the Investment Banking Division of UBS (Asia) specializing in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets. Kenneth started his career as a corporate lawyer in London.

Kenneth graduated with a Bachelor of Arts (law) from the University of Cambridge.
show less…












Wei Wu, Representative, Allstate Investments


As the representative at Allstate Investments HK Office, Mr. Wei Wu currently has the responsibility of coordinating Allstate investment activities in the region. He has been in Allstate Investments since 2000 with broad research and portfolio management experience spanning from US corporate to Sovereign/Emerging markets.  show more…



As the representative at Allstate Investments HK Office, Mr. Wei Wu currently has the responsibility of coordinating Allstate investment activities in the region. He has been in Allstate Investments since 2000 with broad research and portfolio management experience spanning from US corporate to Sovereign/Emerging markets.

Wei has a BS in Cell Biology & Genetics from the Peking University, PR. China, a MS in Biology from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and an MBA from Northwestern University.  He is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Chicago. show less…












Reijiro Yamamoto, Founding Partner, Integral Corporation


Mr. Yamamoto, a founding Partner of Integral has over 20 years of experience in investment banking activities including domestic and cross-border M&A, MBOs, LBOs, going-private transactions, debt-restructuring, workouts of multi-national insolvent companies and sales of non-performing loans in Japan, Europe and the US. show more…



Mr. Yamamoto, a founding Partner of Integral has over 20 years of experience in investment banking activities including domestic and cross-border M&A, MBOs, LBOs, going-private transactions, debt-restructuring, workouts of multi-national insolvent companies and sales of non-performing loans in Japan, Europe and the US. He is extremely knowledgeable on deal financing issues, having arranged, structured, negotiated financing for numerous transactions.

 Mr. Yamamoto began his career with Mitsui Bank (the current Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC)) in 1984. In 1990, he joined AT Kearney as a management consultant in Chicago and subsequently, he moved to London in 1991, where he engaged in Sakura Bank’s (currently SMBC’s) structured finance. After 7+ years in London, he returned to Japan in 1998 and joined Sakura Bank’s Mergers and Acquisitions Department (currently SMBC’s M&A firm) where he was in charge of the cross-border M&A group. In 2000, he joined Unison Capital, one of the first buyout funds in Japan. When he was with Unison Capital, he played a key role in the success of Unison’s first fund. He provided advisory services to his portfolio companies often taking on the director role at the companies in which the fund invested.

While at GCA, he structured and closed the MBO of World Co., Ltd., the largest MBO in Japan and also led a lot of landmark M&A deals of Japan such as a US$19 billion worth merger between Hankyu and Hanshin railway companies. He was also an investment committee of Fund I of Mezzanine Corporation, a 100% subsidiary of GCA and the first independent Mezzanine investment firm in Japan.
show less…





 







Dongao Yan, Senior Vice President, HQ Capital


Mr. Yan is a Senior Vice President of HQ Capital, a leading global independent alternative investment firm active in private equity and real estate since 1989.

Mr. Yan joined HQ Capital’s Hong Kong office in 2015. He covers investment and business development activities in China and Japan. show more…



Mr. Yan is a Senior Vice President of HQ Capital, a leading global independent alternative investment firm active in private equity and real estate since 1989.

Mr. Yan joined HQ Capital’s Hong Kong office in 2015. He covers investment and business development activities in China and Japan. Prior to joining HQ Capital, Mr. Yan was a Principal at FLAG Squadron Capital, an independent private capital asset management firm. He also led the China practice at a Swiss headquartered global management consulting firm, and managed business planning and operations engineering activities for FedEx Express in Northeast Asia. Mr. Yan began his career as a management consultant with Accenture in Tokyo and London. He received an MBA from IMD of Switzerland and a BEng from the Tokyo Institute of Technology.
show less…





 







Tommy Yip, Founding Partner, Unicorn Capital Partners


Tommy Yip is the Founding Partner of Unicorn Capital Partners, an alternative asset management firm specialized in investing and partnering with the leading technology and healthcare-focused venture capital managers in China and other key markets in Asia.  Unicorn is focused on generating superior returns for its partners by identifying and investing in high-performing and access-constraint venture capital opportunities. show more…



Tommy Yip is the Founding Partner of Unicorn Capital Partners, an alternative asset management firm specialized in investing and partnering with the leading technology and healthcare-focused venture capital managers in China and other key markets in Asia.  Unicorn is focused on generating superior returns for its partners by identifying and investing in high-performing and access-constraint venture capital opportunities.

Before founding Unicorn, Mr. Yip spent nine years (2005-2014) as Partner & Head of North Asia for Emerald Hill Capital Partners, an independent fund-of-funds focused on emerging private equity and venture capital mangers in Asia. He was responsible for investment origination and execution in North Asia (Greater China, Japan, and Korea), as well as due diligence and portfolio monitoring across all geographies in Asia.

Prior to joining Emerald Hill, Mr. Yip spent eight years (1998-2005) as Head of Research at the AVCJ Group, where he was specialized in research on funds, deals, exits, and investors in private equity in Asia.
show less…





 







Jianyi Zhu, Co-founder & Partner, ADV Partners


Jianyi Zhu (Kenichi Shu) is based in Hong Kong and has 19 years of experience in the finance industry with the last 16 years focused on private equity and value investments in Asia.

Prior to co-founding ADV, Jianyi was Managing Director and Head of Greater China for Mount Kellett Capital where he built a team of 17 professionals and was responsible for sourcing, structuring and execution of all investments in China in addition to being a member of the Global Investment Committee. show more…



Jianyi Zhu (Kenichi Shu) is based in Hong Kong and has 19 years of experience in the finance industry with the last 16 years focused on private equity and value investments in Asia.

Prior to co-founding ADV, Jianyi was Managing Director and Head of Greater China for Mount Kellett Capital where he built a team of 17 professionals and was responsible for sourcing, structuring and execution of all investments in China in addition to being a member of the Global Investment Committee. Previously Jianyi was Managing Director and Head of Greater China for Deutsche Bank’s Global Credit Trading Division, leading its private equity, structured finance and commodities businesses. He was a founding member of Goldman Sachs Asia Special Situations Group’s China Team where he led numerous landmark investments. Jianyi began his career in the investment banking division of Goldman Sachs Japan where he subsequently became part of the founding team of Goldman Sachs Principal Investment Group in Japan.

Jianyi holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Waseda University. He is fluent in English, Chinese and Japanese.
show less…





 







Sponsors of APEF 2018


Platinum Sponsors

 
 

 
 
Gold Sponsors
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
Silver Sponsors
 

 

 
 
Co-organised by
 

 












Market Screener

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






 



4-Traders Homepage  >  Market Screener Market Screener



Your Search

Country or Index Filter
 
Country
Index


- Select countries -

  All


   North America
   Canada   Mexico   USA

   South America
   Argentina   Brazil   Chile   Colombia   Peru

   Europe
   Austria   Belgium   Bulgaria   Croatia   Czech Republic   Denmark   Estonia   Finland   France   Germany   Greece   Hungary   Iceland   Ireland   Italy   Latvia   Lithuania   Luxembourg   Malta   Netherlands   Norway   Poland   Portugal   Romania   Russia   Serbia, Republic of   Slovakia   Slovenia   Spain   Sweden   Switzerland   Ukraine   United Kingdom

   Africa
   Botswana   Ghana   Ivory Coast   Kenya   Mauritius   Morocco   Namibia   Nigeria   South Africa   Tanzania   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe

   Middle East
   Bahrain   Cyprus   Egypt   Israel   Jordan   Kuwait   Lebanon   Oman   Qatar   Saudi Arabia   Turkey   United Arab Emirates

   Asia
   Bangladesh   China   Hong Kong   India   Indonesia   Japan   Kazakhstan   Korea, republic of   Malaysia   Pakistan   Philippines   Singapore   Sri Lanka   Taiwan   Thailand   Vietnam

   Oceania
   Australia   New Zealand 




Indexes


 - Select -  --- North America ---S&P 500DOW JONESNASDAQ 100NASDAQ COMP.RUSSEL 2000TORONTO TSX  --- Europe ---EURO STOXX 600EURO STOXX 50FTSE 100DAX 30MDAXSDAXTECDAXCAC 40SRD FranceAEX 25SMIBEL 20FTSE MIBATXIBEX 35PSI 20OSLO OBXOMX HELSINKIOMX STOCKHOLMOMX CONPENHAGENATHEX COMPPOLEN-WIGRUSLAND-RTS   --- Asia, Pacific ---NIKKEI 225TOPIXHANG SENGSHANGHAI COMP.KOSPI COMP.TAIWAN TWSETHAILAND SET50SENSEX 30SYDNEY ASX 200     --- South America ---IBOVESPAMEXICO      --- Middle East ---TEL-AVIV 25EGYPTE CASE 30



Basic filters
 

Capitalization(Mio $)








0
Max




Sectors

- Select -
 

   Energy


   Energy - Fossil Fuels


   Coal


   Coal

  Coal - NEC
  Coal Mining Support
  Coal Wholesale





   Oil & Gas


   Integrated Oil & Gas

  Integrated Oil & Gas



   Oil & Gas Exploration and Production

  Oil & Gas Exploration and Production - NEC
  Oil Exploration & Production - Onshore
  Oil Exploration & Production - Offshore
  Natural Gas Exploration & Production - Onshore
  Natural Gas Exploration & Production - Offshore
  Unconventional Oil & Gas Production



   Oil & Gas Refining and Marketing

  Oil & Gas Refining and Marketing - NEC
  Petroleum Refining
  Gasoline Stations
  Petroleum Product Wholesale





   Oil & Gas Related Equipment and Services


   Oil & Gas Drilling

  Oil & Gas Drilling - NEC
  Oil Drilling - Onshore
  Gas Drilling - Onshore
  Oil Drilling - Offshore
  Gas Drilling - Offshore
  Unconventional Oil & Gas Drilling



   Oil Related Services and Equipment

  Oil Related Services and Equipment - NEC
  Oil Related Services
  Oil Related Equipment
  Oil Related - Surveying & Mapping Services



   Oil & Gas Transportation Services

  Oil & Gas Transportation Services - NEC
  LNG Transportation & Storage
  Natural Gas Pipeline
  Oil Pipeline 
  Sea-Borne Tankers
  Oil & Gas Storage







   Renewable Energy


   Renewable Energy


   Renewable Energy Equipment & Services

  Renewable Energy Equipment & Services - NEC
  Wind Systems & Equipment
  Stationary Fuel Cells
  Photovoltaic Solar Systems & Equipment
  Thermal Solar Systems & Equipment
  Biomass Power Energy Equipment
  Waste to Energy Systems & Equipment
  Hydropower Equipment
  Wave Power Energy Equipment
  Renewable Energy Services
  Geothermal Equipment



   Renewable Fuels

  Renewable Fuels - NEC
  Biodiesel
  Ethanol Fuels
  Pyrolytic & Synthetic Fuels
  Biomass & Biogas Fuels
  Hydrogen Fuel







   Uranium


   Uranium


   Uranium

  Uranium  - NEC
  Uranium Mining
  Uranium Processing









   Basic Materials


   Chemicals


   Chemicals


   Commodity Chemicals

  Commodity Chemicals - NEC
  Plastics
  Paint & Coating
  Tanning & Softening Agents
  Explosives 
  Industrial Gas
  Commodity Chemicals Wholesale



   Agricultural Chemicals

  Agricultural Chemicals - NEC
  Fertilizer
  Pesticide
  Organic Fertilizer
  Agricultural Chemicals Wholesale



   Specialty Chemicals

  Specialty Chemicals
  Coloring Agent
  Cellular Fiber
  Adhesive 
  Advanced Polymer
  Epoxy
  Industrial Biotechnology Chemicals
  Specialty Chemicals Wholesale



   Diversified Chemicals

  Diversified Chemicals







   Mineral Resources


   Metals & Mining


   Precious Metals & Minerals

  Precious Metals & Minerals - NEC
  Silver Mining
  Platinum Mining
  Diamond Mining
  Semiprecious Gem Stones
  Pearl Cultivation
  Rare Earth Minerals



   Steel

  Steel - NEC
  Iron Ore Mining
  Coke Coal Mining
  Iron, Steel Mills & Foundries
  Metal Service Centers
  Metallic Rolling & Drawing Products
  Metal Merchant Wholesalers



   Aluminum

  Aluminum - NEC
  Primary Aluminum Production
  Secondary Smelting & Alloying of Aluminum
  Aluminum Rolling
  Aluminum Refining
  Aluminum Wholesalers
  Bauxite Mining



   Specialty Mining & Metals 

  Specialty Mining & Metals  - NEC
  Lead Ore Mining
  Copper Ore  Mining
  Nickel Ore Mining
  Zinc Ore Mining
  Nonferrous Metal Mining
  Nonferrous Metal Processing
  Specialty Mining & Metals Wholesale



   Gold

  Gold - NEC
  Gold Mining
  Gold Refining 



   Mining Support Services & Equipment

  Mining Support Services & Equipment - NEC
  Geophysical Surveying & Mapping Services
  Mining Support Activities
  Mining Machinery & Equipment Manufacturing



   Integrated  Mining

  Integrated  Mining





   Construction Materials


   Construction Materials

  Construction Materials - NEC
  Construction Material Processing
  Cement & Concrete Manufacturing
  Tile & Paving Material Manufacturing
  Rock Mining 
  Construction Material Wholesale







   Applied Resources


   Paper & Forest Products


   Forest & Wood Products

  Forest & Wood Products - NEC
  Timber Tract Operations
  Forest Nurseries & Gathering of Forest Products
  Logging & Sawmills
  Forest Support & Services
  Wood Products
  Wood Product Wholesale



   Paper Products

  Paper Products - NEC
  Paper Mills & Products
  Newsprint Mills
  Pulp Mills
  Paper Product Wholesale





   Containers & Packaging


   Non-Paper Containers & Packaging

  Non-Paper Containers & Packaging  - NEC
  Textile Container & Packaging
  Glass Containers & Packaging
  Metal Containers & Packaging
  Plastic Container & Packaging
  Wood Container & Packaging
  Container & Packaging Material Wholesale



   Paper Packaging

  Paper Packaging - NEC
  Paper Packaging Wholesale









   Industrials


   Industrial Goods


   Aerospace & Defense


   Aerospace & Defense

  Aerospace & Defense - NEC
  Arms & Ammunitions Manufacturing
  Commercial Aircraft Manufacturing
  Military Aircraft Manufacturing
  Aircraft Parts Manufacturing
  Military Vehicles Manufacturing
  Communication & Satellite Equipment
  Spacecraft Manufacturing
  Military Clothing & Accessories
  Aircraft Equipment Wholesale





   Machinery, Equipment & Components


   Industrial Machinery & Equipment

  Industrial Machinery & Equipment - NEC
  Industrial Parts & Components
  Industrial Machinery 
  Ball & Roller Bearings
  Testing & Measuring Equipment
  Pump & Pumping Equipment
  Air & Gas Compressors
  Welding & Soldering Equipment
  Industrial Process Furnace & Ovens
  Fluid Power Cylinder & Actuators
  Automatic Vending Machines
  Industrial Moulds
  Machine Tools
  Industrial Valve Manufacturing
  Industrial Machinery & Equipment Wholesale



   Heavy Machinery & Vehicles

  Heavy Machinery & Vehicles - NEC
  Construction Machinery
  Heavy Trucks
  Heavy Buses & Coaches
  Locomotive Engines & Rolling Stock
  Agricultural Machinery
  Commercial Landscaping Equipment
  Heavy Machinery & Vehicles Wholesale



   Electrical Components & Equipment

  Electrical Components & Equipment - NEC
  Batteries & Uninterruptable Power supplies
  Wires & Cables
  Electronic Component
  Lighting Equipment
  Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning Systems
  Electron Tubes & Insulators
  Switchgear
  Portable Motors & Generators
  Electrical Measuring & Testing Instruments
  Electric Equipment Wholesale



   Heavy Electrical Equipment

  Heavy Electrical Equipment - NEC
  Smart Grid & Electrical Transmission
  Elevator & Conveying Equipment
  Turbine Manufacturing
  Heavy Motors & Generators
  Industrial Electrical Switchgear
  Nuclear Generators & Components



   Shipbuilding

  Shipbuilding - NEC
  Ship Part Manufacturers
  Ship Repairing & Maintenance







   Industrial & Commercial Services


   Construction & Engineering


   Construction & Engineering

  Construction & Engineering - NEC
  Commercial Buildings
  Highway & Bridge Construction
  Railway Construction
  Smart Grid & Power Distribution Construction
  Civil Engineers & Architects
  Building Contractors
  Industrial Plant
  Water & Sewage Construction
  Land Division & Subdivision
  Gas Construction
  Electric Construction
  Nuclear Construction
  Telecommunication Construction





   Diversified Trading & Distributing


   Diversified Trading & Distributing

  Diversified Trading & Distributing





   Professional & Commercial Services  


   Environmental Services & Equipment

  Environmental Services & Equipment - NEC
  Purification & Treatment Equipment
  Waste Management, Disposal & Recycling Services
  Environmental Consultancy Services
  Environmental Biotechnology  
  Carbon Capture & Storage



   Commercial Printing Services

  Commercial Printing Services - NEC
  Specialized Printing Services
  Newspaper & Magazine Printing Services
  Book Printing Services



   Employment Services

  Employment Services - NEC
  Human Resources Consulting Services
  Outsourcing & Staffing Services
  Executive Search Services
  Online Job Portals



   Business Support Services

  Business Support Services - NEC
  Corporate Accounting Services
  Legal Services
  Management Consulting Services
  Security Services
  Educational Services
  Cleaning Services
  Data Processing Services 
  Commercial Equipment Rental
  Office Equipment & Supplies Rental
  Pest Control Services
  Maintenance & Repair Services
  Design Services
  Translation & Interpretation Services
  Testing Laboratories
  Call Center Services
  Exhibition & Conference Services
  Transaction & Payment Services



   Business Support Supplies

  Business Support Supplies - NEC
  Office Furniture
  Office Supplies
  Office Equipment Rental
  Office Supplies Wholesale



   Professional Information Services

  Professional Information Services - NEC
  Financial Information Providers
  Investment Support Tools
  Rating Agencies
  Trade & Business Publishing
  Legal & Tax Information Providers
  Education & Training Information Providers
  Journals & Scholarly Research
  News Agencies







   Industrial Conglomerates


   Industrial Conglomerates


   Industrial Conglomerates

  Industrial Conglomerates







   Transportation


   Freight & Logistics Services


   Air Freight & Logistics

  Air Freight & Logistics - NEC
  Freight Logistics
  Air Freight
  Courier Services
  Integrated Logistics Operators



   Marine Freight & Logistics

  Marine Freight & Logistics - NEC
  Marine Logistics 
  Inland Water Freight
  Deep Sea Freight



   Ground Freight & Logistics

  Ground Freight & Logistics - NEC
  Railway Freight Operators
  Freight Trucking
  Warehousing
  Truck Rental





   Passenger Transportation Services


   Airlines

  Airlines - NEC
  Regional Airlines
  Charter & Private Air Services
  Specialized Aviation Services
  Inter-Modal Passenger Transportation



   Passenger Transportation, Ground & Sea

  Passenger Transportation, Ground & Sea - NEC
  Commuting Services
  Charter Bus Services
  Rail Services
  Marine Passenger Transportation
  Commuter Ferry
  Taxi & Limousine
  Passenger Car rental





   Transport Infrastructure


   Airport Services

  Airport Services - NEC
  Airport Operators
  Duty Free Shops
  Airport Fueling Services
  Airline Catering Services



   Marine Port Services

  Marine Port Services - NEC
  Port Warehousing Services
  Port Operators
  Marine Cargo Handling Services



   Highways & Rail Tracks

  Highways & Rail Tracks - NEC
  Highway Operators
  Railway Operators
  Parking Lot Operators









   Consumer Cyclical


   Automobiles & Auto Parts


   Automobiles & Auto Parts


   Auto & Truck Manufacturers

  Auto & Truck Manufacturers - NEC
  Motorcycles & Scooters
  Automobiles & Multi Utility Vehicles
  Light Trucks
  Electrical (Alternative) Vehicles
  Luxury Vehicles
  Auto & Truck Wholesale



   Auto, Truck & Motorcycle Parts

  Auto, Truck & Motorcycle Parts - NEC
  Automotive Body Parts
  Engine & Powertrain Systems
  Automotive Batteries
  Automotive Systems
  Automotive Accessories
  Motorcycle Parts & Accessories
  Auto & Truck Parts Wholesale



   Tires & Rubber Products

  Tires & Rubber Products - NEC
  Tire & Tube Manufacturers
  Tire Retreading
  Industrial Rubber Products
  Rubber Plantation
  Tires & Rubber Products Wholesale







   Cyclical Consumer Products


   Textiles & Apparel


   Textiles & Leather Goods

  Textiles & Leather Goods - NEC
  Synthetic Fabrics
  Natural Fabrics
  Organic & Ecologically Produced Fabric
  Leather Goods
  Fur Goods
  Fabric Dyeing & Finishing
  Yarn Goods
  Cotton Farming
  Textiles & Leather Goods Wholesale



   Apparel & Accessories

  Apparel & Accessories - NEC
  Men's Clothing
  Women's Clothing
  Children & Infants Clothing
  Sportswear & Outdoors Clothing
  Jeans
  Knitwear
  Lingerie
  Hosiery & Sock
  Industrial Clothing & Uniforms
  Fair Trade & Ethical Clothing
  Luxury Clothing
  Theatrical Costumes
  Animal & Pet Clothing
  Luxury Accessories
  Accessories
  Jewelry
  Watches
  Handbags & Luggage
  Fashion Eyewear
  Apparel Wholesale



   Footwear

  Footwear - NEC
  Men's Footwear
  Women's Footwear
  Children & Infants Footwear
  Sports & Outdoor Footwear
  Luxury Footwear
  Functional Footwear
  Footwear Wholesale





   Homebuilding & Construction Supplies


   Homebuilding

  Homebuilding - NEC
  Residential Builders - Single Homes
  Residential Builders - Multifamily Homes
  Prefabricated Homes
  Sustainable & Energy Efficient Home Builders
  Retirement Home Builders
  Residential Architectural & Interior Design Services



   Construction Supplies & Fixtures

  Construction Supplies & Fixtures - NEC
  Construction Supplies
  Luxury Construction Supplies & Fixtures
  Doors & Window Frames
  Flooring & Interior Tile Manufacturers
  Plumbing Fixtures & Fittings
  Kitchen Cabinets
  Bathroom Fixtures
  Roofing Supplies
  Lighting Fixtures
  Construction Supplies & Fixtures Wholesale





   Household Goods


   Consumer Electronics




   Appliances, Tools & Housewares

  Appliances, Tools & Housewares - NEC
  Household Appliances
  Tools & Housewares
  Kitchen Appliances
  Cutlery & Flatware
  Appliance & Houseware Wholesale
  Luxury Appliances



   Home Furnishings

  Home Furnishings - NEC
  Carpets & Curtains
  Wallpaper
  Furniture
  Luxury Furnishing
  Antiques
  Home Furnishings Wholesale





   Leisure Products


   Toys & Juvenile Products

  Toys & Juvenile Products - NEC
  Dolls & Stuffed Toys
  Games, Toys & Children Vehicles
  Juvenile Safety Products
  Juvenile Furniture
  Juvenile Products & Accessories
  Toys & Juvenile Products Wholesale



   Recreational Products

  Recreational Products - NEC
  Sailing Yachts & Motorboats
  Bicycle Manufacturing
  Sporting & Outdoor Goods
  Musical Instruments
  Luxury Recreational Products
  Leisure Products Wholesale







   Cyclical Consumer Services


   Hotels & Entertainment Services


   Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines

  Hotels, Motels & Cruise Lines - NEC
  Hotels & Motels
  Cruise Lines
  Luxury Hotels 
  Resort Operators
  Bed & Breakfast
  Self-Catering Accommodation
  Campsite Operators



   Restaurants & Bars

  Restaurants & Bars - NEC
  Pubs, Bars & Night Clubs
  Commercial Food Services
  Quick Service Restaurants
  Mobile Caterers
  Banquet Halls & Catering
  Cafés



   Casinos & Gaming

  Casinos & Gaming - NEC
  Gambling & Gaming Machine Manufacturers
  Gaming Machine Operators
  Casinos
  Horse & Dog Race Tracks
  Lottery Operators



   Leisure & Recreation

  Leisure & Recreation - NEC
  Movie Theaters & Movie Products
  Theatres & Performing Arts
  Museums & Historic Places
  Travel Agents
  Amusement Parks and Zoos
  Gyms, Fitness and Spa Centers
  Adventure Sports Facilities & Ski Resorts
  Public Sport Facilities
  Professional Sports Venues
  Golf Courses
  Hunting & Fishing
  Marinas
  Guided Tour Operators





   Media & Publishing


   Advertising & Marketing

  Advertising & Marketing  - NEC
  Advertising Agency
  Media Buying Agency
  Signs & Advertising Specialty Producers
  Outdoor Advertising
  Direct Marketing
  Sales Promotions & Events Management
  Guerrilla Marketing
  Public Relations
  Digital Media Agencies
  Branding & Naming
  Market Research
  Marketing Consulting Services



   Broadcasting

  Broadcasting - NEC
  Television Broadcasting
  Radio Broadcasting 
  Cable Service Providers



   Entertainment Production

  Entertainment Production - NEC
  Movie, TV Production & Distribution
  Music, Music Video Production & Distribution
  Plays & Concert Production
  Entertainment Production Equipment & Services
  Copyright Management
  Adult Entertainment Production & Broadcasting



   Consumer Publishing

  Consumer Publishing - NEC
  Newspaper Publishing
  Magazine Publishing
  Book Publishing
  Directory Publishing
  Digital Publishing
  Adult Publishing



   Diversified Media








   Retailers


   Diversified Retail


   Department Stores

  Department Stores - NEC
  Retail - Department Stores
  Luxury Department Stores
  Internet & Mail Order Department Stores



   Discount Stores

  Discount Stores - NEC
  Internet & Mail Order Discount Stores
  Discount Stores with Groceries
  Discount Stores without Groceries
  Discount Stores with Gasoline
  Discount Stores without Gasoline





   Other Specialty Retailers


   Auto Vehicles, Parts & Service Retailers

  Auto Vehicles, Parts & Service Retailers - NEC
  New Car Dealers
  Used Car Dealers
  Motorcycle Dealers
  Automotive Parts & Accessories Retailers
  Tire Dealers
  Luxury Car Dealers



   Home Improvement Products & Services Retailers

  Home Improvement Products & Services Retailers - NEC
  Paint & Wallpaper Retailers
  Builder Merchants
  Nursery & Garden Centers
  Kitchen & Bathroom Retailers
  Home Décor Retailers
  Interior Design Services
  Luxury Home Improvement Product Retailers



   Home Furnishings Retailers

  Home Furnishings Retailers - NEC
  Furniture Retailers
  Floor Covering Retailers
  Soft Furnishing Retailers
  Luxury Furnishing Retailers
  Antique Dealers



   Apparel & Accessories Retailers

  Apparel & Accessories Retailers - NEC
  Footwear Retailers
  Jewelry & Watch Retailers
  Men's Apparel Retailers
  Women's Apparel Retailers
  Children & Infants Clothing Retailers
  Teen Fashion Retailers
  Handbags & Luggage Retailers
  Luxury Apparel Retailers
  Sports & Outdoors Retailers



   Computer & Electronics Retailers

  Computer & Electronics Retailers - NEC
  Computer Hardware & Software Retailers
  Consumer Electronics Retailers
  Mobile Phone Retailers



   Other Specialty Retailers 

  Other Specialty Retailers - NEC
  Luxury Beauty Supply Retailers
  Beauty Supply Shop
  Optical Goods Stores 
  Health Food Stores 
  Musical Instrument Retailers
  Hobby & Craft Product Retailers
  Toys & Games Retailers
  Book & Magazine Retailers
  Florists
  Office Supplies & Stationery Stores
  Gift, Novelty & Souvenir Stores
  Used Merchandise Stores
  Sporting Goods Stores
  Pet & Pet Supplies Retailers
  Adult Products Retailers









   Consumer Non-Cyclical


   Food & Beverages


   Beverages


   Brewers

  Brewers - NEC
  Craft & Micro Brewers



   Distillers & Wineries

  Distillers & Wineries - NEC
  Wineries
  Distilleries
  Malt producers



   Non-Alcoholic Beverages

  Non-Alcoholic Beverages - NEC
  Carbonated Soft Drinks
  Fruit Drinks
  Energy Drinks
  Bottled Water & Ice





   Food & Tobacco


   Fishing & Farming

  Fishing & Farming - NEC
  Grain (Crop) Production
  Poultry Farming
  Red Meat
  Vegetable, Fruit & Nut Farming
  Coffee, Tea & Cocoa Farming
  Sugarcane Farming
  Commercial Nurseries
  Commercial Fishing
  Aquaculture
  Fur Farming
  Animal Breeding
  Agriculture Support Services
  Organic Farming
  Animal Feed
  Agricultural Consultancy Services
  Fishing & Farming Wholesale
  Agricultural Biotechnology
  Hog & Pig Farming
  Beef & Veal Farming



   Food Processing

  Food Processing - NEC
  Flour Milling
  Bread & Bakery Product Manufacturing
  Breakfast Cereal Manufacturing
  Cookie, Cracker & Pasta Manufacturing
  Fruit & Vegetable Processing
  Animal Slaughtering & Processing
  Halal Animal Slaughtering & Processing
  Seafood Product Preparation & Packaging 
  Dairy Products
  Starch, Vegetable Fat & Oil Manufacturing
  Coffee & Tea
  Sugar & Artificial Sweeteners
  Chocolate & Confectionery
  Snack Food & Non-chocolate Confectionary
  Special Foods & Welbeing Products
  Food Ingredients
  Baby Food
  Ready-Made Meals
  All Other Food Manufacturing
  Frozen Food Manufacturing
  Pet Food Manufacturing



   Tobacco

  Tobacco - NEC
  Tobacco Farming
  Tobacco Stemming & Redrying
  Cigars & Cigarette Manufacturing
  Chewing Tobacco Products







   Personal & Household Products & Services


   Personal & Household Products & Services


   Household Products

  Household Products - NEC
  Laundry Supplies 
  Cleaning Supplies 
  Air Fresheners 
  Brooms, Brushes & Dustpans 
  Pet & Plant Protection Agents 
  Auto Cleaning Products 



   Personal Products

  Personal Products - NEC
  Cosmetics & Perfumes
  Luxury Cosmetics
  Sanitary Products
  Hair Accessories
  Birth Control Products



   Personal Services

  Personal Services - NEC
  Consumer Goods Rental 
  Accounting & Tax Preparation
  Personal Legal Services
  General Education Services
  Child Care & Family Services
  Consumer Repair Services
  Personal Care Services
  Funeral Services 







   Food & Drug Retailing


   Food & Drug Retailing


   Drug Retailers

  Drug Retailers - NEC
  Retail - Drugs with Grocery
  Retail - Drugs without Grocery



   Food Retail & Distribution

  Food Retail & Distribution - NEC
  Food Wholesale
  Supermarkets & Convenience Stores
  Beer, Wine & Liquor Stores 
  Vending Machine Providers
  Tobacco Stores
  Food Markets









   Financials


   Banking & Investment Services


   Banking Services


   Banks

  Banks - NEC
  Commercial Banks
  Retail & Mortgage Banks
  Money Center Banks
  Private Banks
  Islamic Banks



   Consumer Lending

  Consumer Lending - NEC
  Personal & Car Loans
  Consumer Credit Card Services
  Consumer Leasing
  Credit Unions
  Microfinancing



   Corporate Financial Services

  Corporate Financial Services - NEC
  Commercial Loans
  Import-Export Banks
  International Trade Financing
  Factoring
  Commercial Leasing





   Investment Banking & Investment Services


   Investment Banking & Brokerage Services

  Investment Banking & Brokerage Services - NEC
  Investment Banking
  Brokerage Services
  Inter-dealer Broker
  Islamic Investment Banking & Brokerage Services 
  Merchant Banks



   Investment Management & Fund Operators

  Investment Management & Fund Operators - NEC
  Investment Management
  Hedge Funds
  Collective Investment Fund Operators
  Wealth Management
  Venture Capital
  Private Equity
  Islamic Investment Management & Fund Operators



   Diversified Investment Services

  Diversified Investment Services



   Specialty Investment Services




   Financial & Commodity Market Operators

  Financial & Commodity Market Operators - NEC
  Securities & Commodity Exchanges
  Clearing, Settlement & Custodial Service
  Financial Technology & Infrastructure



   Diversified Financial Services 








   Insurance


   Insurance


   Multiline Insurance & Brokers

  Multiline Insurance & Brokers - NEC
  Islamic Insurance
  Insurance Brokers



   Property & Casualty Insurance

  Property & Casualty Insurance - NEC
  Property Insurance
  Insurance - Automobile
  Travel Insurance
  Casualty Insurance



   Life & Health Insurance

  Life & Health Insurance - NEC
  Life Insurance
  Health Insurance



   Reinsurance

  Reinsurance - NEC
  Life & Health Reinsurance
  Property & Casualty Reinsurance



   Insurance Brokers








   Real Estate


   Real Estate Operations


   Real Estate Development & Operations

  Real Estate Development & Operations - NEC
  Office Real Estate Development
  Retail  Real Estate Development
  Industrial  Real Estate Development
  Residential  Real Estate Development



   Real Estate Services

  Real Estate Services - NEC
  Office Real Estate Services
  Retail Real Estate Services
  Industrial Real Estate Services
  Residential Real Estate Services





   Residential & Commercial REIT


   Diversified REITs

  Diversified REITs



   Commercial REITs

  Commercial REITs - NEC
  Office REITs
  Retail REITs
  Industrial REITs



   Residential REITs

  Residential REITs



   Specialized REITs

  Specialized REITs - NEC
  Healthcare REITs
  Hospitality REITs
  Self-Storage REITs
  Timber REITs
  Mortgage REITs
  Islamic REITs







   Collective Investments


   Collective Investments 


   Investment Trusts

  Investment Trusts



   Mutual Funds

  Mutual Funds - NEC
  Islamic Mutual Funds



   Closed End Funds

  Closed End Funds



   Exchange Traded Funds

  Exchange Traded Funds - NEC
  Islamic ETFs
  Islamic Commodity ETFs



   Pension Funds

  Pension Funds



   Insurance Funds

  Insurance Funds







   Holding Companies


   Holding Companies


   Holding Companies

  Holding Companies - NEC
  Shell Companies









   Healthcare


   Healthcare Services


   Healthcare Equipment & Supplies


   Advanced Medical Equipment & Technology

  Advanced Medical Equipment & Technology - NEC
  Medical Diagnostic & Testing Equipment
  Medical Monitoring Systems
  Laser Equipment
  Medical Imaging Systems
  Medical Software & Technology Services
  Advanced Medical Equipment Wholesale



   Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution

  Medical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution - NEC
  Medical Supplies
  Medical Prosthetics
  Medical Equipment
  Medical Devices & Implants
  Medical Equipment Wholesale
  Glasses, Spectacles & Contact lenses
  Diagnostic & Testing Substances
  Veterinary Medical Equipment & Supplies
  Drug Delivery Systems





   Healthcare Providers & Services


   Healthcare Facilities & Services

  Healthcare Facilities & Services - NEC
  Hospitals, Clinics & Primary Care Services
  Residential & Long Term Care
  Ambulance & Emergency Services
  Doctor's Office
  Medical & Diagnostic Laboratories
  Veterinary Services
  Telemedicine Services
  Home Healthcare Services
  Alternative Medicine Facilities



   Managed Healthcare

  Managed Healthcare - NEC
  HMO Medical Centers







   Pharmaceuticals & Medical Research


   Pharmaceuticals


   Diversified Pharmaceuticals




   Generic & Specialty Pharmaceuticals




   Pharmaceuticals

  Pharmaceuticals - NEC
  Specialty & Advanced Pharmaceuticals
  Biopharmaceuticals
  Diagnostic & Testing Substances Manufacturers
  Veterinary Drugs
  Generic Pharmaceuticals
  Alternative Medicine





   Biotechnology & Medical Research


   Biotechnology & Medical Research

  Biotechnology & Medical Research - NEC
  Bio Therapeutic Drugs
  Bio Diagnostics & Testing
  Bio Medical Devices









   Technology


   Technology Equipment


   Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment 


   Semiconductors

  Semiconductors - NEC
  Integrated Circuits
  Memory Chips (RAM)
  Processors
  Semiconductor Wholesale
  RFID Systems



   Semiconductor Equipment & Testing

  Semiconductor Equipment & Testing - NEC
  Semiconductor Machinery Manufacturing 
  Semiconductor Testing Equipment & Service
  Semiconductor Equipment Wholesalers





   Communications & Networking


   Communications & Networking

  Communications & Networking - NEC
  Network Equipment
  Security & Surveillance
  Conferencing Tools & Systems
  VOIP Equipment & Systems
  Broadcasting Equipment
  Satellite  Systems & Accessories
  Fiber Optic Cable Manufacturing





   Electronic Equipment & Parts


   Electronic Equipment & Parts

  Electronic Equipment & Parts - NEC
  Biometric Products
  Advanced Electronic Equipment
  Display Screens
  Electronic Repair Services





   Office Equipment


   Office Equipment

  Office Equipment - NEC
  Commercial Document Management
  Office Technology Equipment
  Point of Sale Systems
  Scientific & Precision Equipment
  Office Equipment Wholesale





   Computers, Phones & Household Electronics


   Computer Hardware

  Computer Hardware - NEC
  Scientific & Super Computers
  Laptop & Desktop Computers
  Tablet & Netbook Computers
  Input Devices
  Computer Peripherals
  Servers & Systems
  Storage Devices
  Computer Hardware Component Assembly
  Consumer Document Management



   Phones & Handheld Devices

  Phones & Handheld Devices - NEC
  Phones & Smart Phones
  Portable Satellite Navigation
  Personal Music Players
  Electronic Books
  Mobile Device Component Assembly



   Household Electronics

  Household Electronics - NEC
  Photographic Equipment
  TV & Video
  Home Audio
  Consumer Electronic Wholesale







   Software & IT Services


   Software & IT Services


   IT Services & Consulting

  IT Services & Consulting - NEC
  Computer Programming 
  Computer Training 
  Technology Consulting & Outsourcing Services
  Testing Services
  Cloud Computing Services



   Software

  Software - NEC
  System Software
  Application Software
  Enterprise Software
  Mobile Application Software
  Mobile System Software
  Programming Software & Testing Tools
  Server & Database Software



   Internet Services

  Internet Services - NEC
  Search Engines
  Social Media & Networking
  E-commerce & Auction Services 
  Content & Site Management Services
  Internet Security & Transactions Services
  Internet Gaming









   Telecommunications Services


   Telecommunications Services


   Telecommunications Services


   Integrated Telecommunications Services

  Integrated Telecommunications Services - NEC
  Wired Telecommunications Carriers 
  Telecommunications Resellers 
  Internet Service Providers
  Telcommunications Network Infrastructure
  VOIP Services



   Wireless Telecommunications Services

  Wireless Telecommunications Services - NEC
  Alternative Communications Services
  Satellite Service Operators
  Wi-Fi & Wi-Max Providers
  Wireless Telecom









   Utilities


   Utilities


   Electrical Utilities & IPPs


   Electric Utilities

  Electric Utilities - NEC
  Renewable Utilities
  Fossil Fuel Electric Utilities
  Nuclear Utilities



   Independent Power Producers

  Independent Power Producers - NEC
  Fossil Fuel IPPs
  Renewable IPPs
  Nuclear IPPs





   Natural Gas Utilities


   Natural Gas Utilities

  Natural Gas Utilities - NEC
  Natural Gas Distribution





   Water Utilities


   Water Utilities

  Water Utilities - NEC
  Water Supply & Irrigation Systems
  Sewage Treatment Facilities
  Steam & Air-Conditioning Supply





   Multiline Utilities


   Multiline Utilities

  Multiline Utilities















General Rankings Filter
 
Investor Rating










Trading Rating











Fundamental Rankings Filter
 
Growth (Revenue) 










Valuation










Finances










Profitability










Earnings quality










Business Predictability










P/E ratio










Potential










Yield










Consensus










7 days EPS revision










4 months EPS revision










1 year EPS revision










4 months Revenue revision










1 year Revenue revision










More filters
Less filters


Technical Rankings Filter
 
STIM










Bollinger Spread










RSI










ST Timing










MT Timing










LT Timing










ST Trend










MT Trend










LT Trend










5-day price change










Change as of January 1










Volatility










Unusual volumes










More filters
Less filters








76 stocks match your search.Investor RatingTrading RatingGrowth (Revenue) ValuationFinancesProfitabilityEarnings qualityBusiness PredicP/E ratioPotentialYieldConsensus7d. EPS revision4m. EPS revision1y. EPS revision4m. Revenue rev.1y. Revenue rev.STIMBol. SpreadRSIST TimingMT TimingLT TimingST TrendMT TrendLT Trend5-day change1st Jan Change VolatilityUnusual Vol.- none -Investor RatingTrading RatingGrowth (Revenue) ValuationFinancesProfitabilityEarnings qualityBusiness PredicP/E ratioPotentialYieldConsensus7d. EPS revision4m. EPS revision1y. EPS revision4m. Revenue rev.1y. Revenue rev.STIMBol. SpreadRSIST TimingMT TimingLT TimingST TrendMT TrendLT Trend5-day change1st Jan Change VolatilityUnusual Vol.- none -Investor RatingTrading RatingGrowth (Revenue) ValuationFinancesProfitabilityEarnings qualityBusiness PredicP/E ratioPotentialYieldConsensus7d. EPS revision4m. EPS revision1y. EPS revision4m. Revenue rev.1y. Revenue rev.STIMBol. SpreadRSIST TimingMT TimingLT TimingST TrendMT TrendLT Trend5-day change1st Jan Change VolatilityUnusual Vol.- none -Investor RatingTrading RatingGrowth (Revenue) ValuationFinancesProfitabilityEarnings qualityBusiness PredicP/E ratioPotentialYieldConsensus7d. EPS revision4m. EPS revision1y. EPS revision4m. Revenue rev.1y. Revenue rev.STIMBol. SpreadRSIST TimingMT TimingLT TimingST TrendMT TrendLT Trend5-day change1st Jan Change VolatilityUnusual Vol.- none -Investor RatingTrading RatingGrowth (Revenue) ValuationFinancesProfitabilityEarnings qualityBusiness PredicP/E ratioPotentialYieldConsensus7d. EPS revision4m. EPS revision1y. EPS revision4m. Revenue rev.1y. Revenue rev.STIMBol. SpreadRSIST TimingMT TimingLT TimingST TrendMT TrendLT Trend5-day change1st Jan Change VolatilityUnusual Vol.- none -

CHINA YONGDA AUTOMOBILE SERVICES HL.. HKD      

DEUTSCH MOTORS INC KRW      

ZHONGSHENG GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED HKD      

INCHCAPE GBp      

GRAND BAOXIN AUTO GROUP LTD HKD      

MARSHALL MOTOR HOLDINGS PLC GBp      

CHINA ZHENGTONG AUTO SERVICES HLDG .. HKD      

D'IETEREN EUR      

HALFORDS GROUP PLC GBp      

DOGUS OTOMOTIV SERVIS VE TICARET A... TRY      

PENSKE AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. USD      

ASBURY AUTOMOTIVE GROUP, INC. USD      

BERMAZ AUTO BHD      

AUTOCANADA INC. CAD      

SUPER RETAIL GROUP LTD AUD      

AUTONATION, INC. USD      

AP EAGERS LTD AUD      

AUTOZONE, INC. USD      

VERTU MOTORS PLC GBp      

MONRO MUFFLER BRAKE INC USD      

SONIC AUTOMOTIVE INC USD      

AUTOMOTIVE HOLDINGS GROUP LTD AUD      

GT CAPITAL HOLDINGS INC PHP    - 

CAMPING WORLD HOLDINGS INC USD    - 

HOTAI MOTOR CO LTD TWD   -- 

NEXTAGE CO LTD JPY  - - 

DAH CHONG HONG HOLDINGS LTD HKD  - - 

VT HOLDINGS CO LTD JPY  - - 

HUBEI YICHANG TRANSPORTATION GROUP .. CNY -- --

UNITED MOTORS LANKA PLC ---- 

SPARKLE ROLL GROUP LTD. HKD ---- 

STERN GROEP EUR ---- 

MITRA PINASTHIKA MUSTIKA TBK PT IDR ---- 

CFAO GHANA LTD -----

ARTES SA TND -----

CYCLE & CARRIAGE BINTANG BERHAD -----

EUROSPORTS GLOBAL LTD SGD -----

ENL COMMERCIAL LTD -----

MECHANICAL LLOYD COMPANY LTD. -----

WILLPLUS HOLDINGS CORP JPY -----

BANGLADESH AUTOCARS LTD -----

MOTORICUS SA -----

R.T. BRISCOE (NIGERIA) PLC -----

SATHOSA MOTORS PLC -----

COLONIAL MOTORS PLC -----

NISAUTO HOLDING AD NIS -----

SAIGON GENERAL SERVICE CORP VND -----

CIE FRANCAISE DE L'AFR. OCCI. ET DE.. -----

AUTO HRVATSKA DD -----

RASAMNY-YOUNIS MOTOR CO. SAL -----

 

 1  2Next





 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave









PEGI Pan European Game Information - Advanced Search 













 
HOMEABOUT PEGIADVICEFACTSFAQSEARCHNEWSCONTACTLOGIN





N/A













































United Kingdom
SELECT COUNTRY




SEARCH












FAQ
You have questions about age rating? We have the answers. 
Read more...













Search a Game

    If you want to know what rating a specific game has been given, it can be easily found in the PEGI database. The database shows you the logo as well as the descriptors that apply to the game of your choice. The PEGI database covers all games so far classified under the PEGI system, which has been operating since 03/01/2003.

Searching will find you the rating based on the title, genre, organisation or platform: simply enter one or more key words, and click on the Search button. The result of your search will appear in a few seconds. You must enter at least two letters in the search field. An asterisk (*) behind the title of a game will mean that this game has previously been rated under the ELSPA and/or SELL system. 
  

Title: 

Rating: 

All
3 (4)
7 (6)
12 (11)
16 (15)
18

Genre: 
AllActionAdventureBoard / CardEducationalMusic / DanceOtherPuzzleRacingRPGSimulationSportsStrategy
Publisher: 
All10Tacle Studios AG10tons Ltd.11bit Studios s.a.1337+Senri LLC13AM Games17-BIT1bit garden limited1C Publishing EU s.r.o.2020 Venture20Q.net Inc.20th Century Fox Home Entertainment220 Southwood Dr, Lancaster, TX 7514624 Caret Games2Bit Studios Pty Ltd2D BOY2tainment GmbH2XL Games, Inc345 Games-MTV Networks34BigThings3909 LLC3D Avenue3D Realms Entertainment ApS3DIVISION s.r.o.4 Corner Games LLC46 To Shinjuku Medialab S.L.46 TO SHINJUKU MEDIALAB, SL.4am Entertainment Corporation Limited4Bit Games UB505 Games S.p.A6L6 INTERACTIVE (brand of KSCM Consulting70 Times 7 LLC704 Games Company7FX s.r.o.8 Bit Studio Ltd8-4, Ltd.8floor ltdA Crowd of MonstersAabs Inc.ABCiTY ApSAbove and Beyond TechnologiesABRAKAM SAAbstraction GamesAbylight S.L.AcclaimAcclaim Entertainment LimitedACE MADDOX ABAction Mobile Inc.Active Gaming MediaActivision Blizzard UK LtdActtil, LLC.Adrian Zingg, PolarityFlowAdventure’s Planet SRLAEIOWU LLCAeria Games Europe GmbHAerosoft GmbHAffinity Studios LtdAgainst GravityAGATSUMA ENTERTAINMENT Co.,LtdAgenius Interactive ASAgetec Europe LtdAidem Media Sp. z o. oAIM ProductionsAkaoni Studio S.LAkies GamesAksys GamesAkupara Games, LLCAlan Zucconi LTDAlawar Entertainment Inc.Alientrap Games IncAlliance Digital MediaAlten8 LimitedAlternative Software LimitedAltigi GmbHALTIGI GmbHAltigi GmbHAlvaro HerreroAmanita Design s.r.o.Amplitude StudiosANGRY MOB GAMESAnima Game Studio S.L.ANIMATOON STUDIO S.L.Ankama StudioAnnapurna Games, LLCAnother Indie Studio LimitedAnozor SARLAnt Games LtdAnuman Interactive SAApollo Medien GmbHaPriori Digital Ltd.Aqua Pacific LtdArberth StudiosArbor Hill Productions, LLC dba FullbrightArc System Works Co.,LtdArc-gen gamesArcade Distillery LLCArcatium Studios, S.L.ArchiactArmature Studio LLCArmor GamesArmy Game StudioARRAKIS nvARSGameArtematica Entertainment SrlArtifex Mundi S.AArtplant ASArturo Chaves MazaArxel GuildAscaron Entertainment GmbHAsobo StudioAspyr Media Europe LtdASSORIAAsteroid Base Inc.Astragon Entertainment GmbHAstragon Sales & Services GmBHAsylum EntertainmentAtari EuropeAtari United Kingdom LimitedAtari, Inc.Ateam Inc.Atlus U.S.A., Inc.Atom RepublicAtomicom LimitedAurora44 LtdAvanquest Deutschland GmbHAvanquest IbéricaAwesome Games Studio Sp. z o. o.Ayeware ABB2B GamesBackbone EntertainmentBadFly Interactive, a.s.Badland Games, S.LBAKNO LLCBam Entertainment Ltd.Bandai Namco Amusement Europe Ltd.BANDAI NAMCO ENTERTAINMENT EUROPE S.A.S.Barnstorm GamesBarunson Creative Co, LtdBase Games LtdBattlestar, LLPBayer Healthcare, LLCBBC WorldwideBBC Worldwide (Digital Entertainment & Games)BC Maritime Bell Services Ltd.Beat GamesBeatshapersBEAUTIFUN GAMES SLBedtime Digital GamesBegage LLCBeiZ OyBenjamin Lochmann New Media GmbHBenjamin Rivers Inc.Bergsala Lightweight ABBetaDwarf EntertainmentBEYONDTHEPILLARS SASBHV Software GmbHBiart Studio LLCBifrost EntertainmentBig Ant StudiosBig Ben Interactive UK LimitedBig Blue BubbleBig Blue Bubble IncBig Head Games Ltd.Big John GamesBig Pixel StudiosBig Sandwich Games IncBIGBEN INTERACTIVEBIGMOON ENTERTAINMENT EUROPE LTDBilly Goat Entertainment LtdBimboosoft Co., LtdBiP MediaBITBOX S.L (Tragnarion)bitComposer Entertainment AGbitComposer Interactive GmbHBitecore LtdBitFinity LLCbitforge LtdBithell GamesBITWEEN S.R.L.BITWEEN S.R.L.Black Delta Trading Pty LtdBlack Forest Games GmbHBlack Lab Game Tech Pty LtdBlack Market Games LtdBlast Entertainment LtdBlaze Games Ltd.BlazingCow LimitedBlindflug Studios AGBlitWorks, S.L.Blitz Games Studios LtdBlizzard Entertainment SASBloober Team SABLStream Sp. Z o.o.Blue Booth Studios (sole proprietorship)Blue Isle Studios Inc.Blue Label Entertainment SrlBlue Mammoth GamesBlue Monkey Studios, IncBluehole Ginno Games, Inc.Bluestone Interactive LimitedBodysoft LLCBOHEMIA INTERACTIVE a.s.Boiled Frog Gaming LimitedBongfish Interactive EntertainmentBoolat Limited Liability CompanyBorealys GamesBorn Ready Games Ltd.Bossa StudiosBplusBrain&Brain LLCBraingame Development GmbHBrainseed FactoryBrainy Studio LLCBrave Rock GamesBRAVO GAMES S.L.BreakfallBrett Taylor Interactive, LLCBRIGHT THINGS PLCBrightstar Entertainment LtdBroken Rules Interactive Media GmbHBroken Window Studios, LLCBrushfire Games LLCBubble Gum InteractiveBuff Studio Co., Ltd.Bulbware Sp. z o.o.BULKHEAD INTERACTIVE LIMITEDBULKYPIXBungarra Software Pty LtdBunnycopterBurda:ic GmbHBWM Software und Vertriebs GmbHByard Soft LtdBytewire LtdC2C GamesCakehat Pty LtdCalvino Noir LimitedCAMPO SANTO PRODUCTIONS LLCCanada Inc DBA Clever Endeavour GamesCAPASSO BALLESTEROS ITALO FELIPECapybara GamesCarre MultimediaCartoon Interactive Group, Inc. / Adult Swim GamesCartoon Network GamesCascade Game FoundryCastle Steps LLCCat Head Productions IncCat Trap StudioscatfishboxCAVE CO. , LTD.CCP hf.CD Projekt S.A.CDP.plCDV Software Entertainment AGcdv Software Entertainment LtdCE Europe Ltd.Cellar Door Games Inc.CENEGA S.A.Cerasus Media GmbhCFK Co, LtdChainsawesome GamesChainsawesome GamesChair EntertainmentChasing Carrots KGChequered Cow Games LtdCherrypop Games LtdChessBase GmbHChilled MouseChilled MouseChillingo LtdChoice ProvisionschrisDeneosCHUCKLEFISH LIMITEDCI Games S.A.Cimu Software Technology Company LimitedCINEMAX, s.r.o.Cipher Prime StudiosCircle Entertainment LtdCJ Games GlobalClapfoot Inc.Cliffhanger Productions Software GmbHClimax Studios LtdCloanto Italia srlCNG StudiosCoatsink SoftwareCobra MobileCococucumber Inc.Code Headquarters LLC.Code Horizon Sp. z o.o.CodemastersCog MonkeysCogg Games LimitedCogg Games LimitedCogniKizz SASCohort Studios LtdCold Beam Games LtdCollavier CorporationCollecting Smiles, Inc.COLOPL, Inc.ComonGamesCompañía de Medios Digitales (CMD) S.A.Complete-ITCompulsion GamesConfluence Composite de Concepteurs et Prestataires (C.C.C.P.)Connect 2 MediaConspiracy Entertainment EuropeConspiracy Entertainment Europe LimitedCoolCrazyAppsCooply Solutions LtdCorecell Technology Co, LtdCoresoft IncCornelsen Verlag GmbHCosmi Europe LtdCosmic PicnicCOTTON ON UK (PTY) LIMITEDCowboy Rodeo LtdCOWCAT / BRETON FABRICECrania GamesCRASS Infotech Private LimitedCrazy Monkey Studios BVBACrazy Viking StudiosCreat Studios, Inc.Creative AssemblyCreative Bytes Studios IncCreative MobileCreative PatternsCREMAGAMES SLCrescent Moon Games, LLCCrescent Moon Games, LLCCrimson Cow GmbHCROCODILE ENTERTAINMENT S.LCROCODILE ENTERTAINMENT S.LCrunching Koalas Sp. z o.o. Sp. KCrystal GamesCrystalline Green Ltd.Crytek GmbHCurvature Systems LtdCurve DigitalCW-GamesCyber Rhino StudiosCyberfront CorporationCyberPlanet Interactive Co., Ltd.CyberSports LtdCyberStep Communications IncCYBIRD Co., Ltd.CyproniaD2C Games, Inc.D3Publisher of AmericaD3Publisher of America, IncD3Publisher of Europe ltd (D3P E Ltd)Daedalic Entertainment GmbHDakko DakkoDan Fornace LLCDancing DotsDaniel Mullins Games LtdDaniel RileyDare to be DigitalDark Energy DigitalDarkArts StudiosData Design Interactive LimitedDaum Games Europe B.V.DAVID EROSA GARCIADavid José Lourenço AmadorDavid Márquez de la Cruz / CoderChildDavilex Games BVDaybreak GamesDead Drop StudiosDead MageDeck13 Interactive GmbHDeco Digital LtdDefiant developmentDEGICA Co.,Ltd.Delirium Studios Evolution S.L.DelRox BVDenda Publishers B.V.DEPORTED B.V. (Besloten VennootschapDepth First Games, LLCDesert Owl Games LLCDesi Network IncDestineer Publishing Corp.Destructive Creations J. Zieli?ski i Wspólnicy Sp.J.Destructive Creations J. Zieli?ski i Wspólnicy Sp.J.Destructive Creations J. Zieli?ski i Wspólnicy Sp.J.Destructive Creations J. Zieli?ski i Wspólnicy Sp.J.DETUNE LtdDevolver DigitalDevolver DigitalDevolver DigitalDHM InteractiveDibbit LtdDie Gute Fabrik, LLCdie Keure NV - Printing and PublishingDifferent TunaDigerati Distribution LLCDigital Chocolate LtdDigital Content, LLC dba Big John GamesDigital Dreams V.O.F.Digital ExtremesDigital Jesters LtdDigital Leisure Inc.DIGITAL LOUNGEDigital Reality Publishing Kft.Digital Smash, LLC.Digital Tales S.r.lDIGITAL TRIBE GAMES, LLCDimensional Wave LTDDirective Games LimitedDisco PixelDiscovery Concepts International LimitedDisky Communications Europe B.V.Disparity GamesDisparity GamesDisparity GamesDisparity GamesDisparity GamesDisparity GamesDisruptive Media Publishers LLPDissident Logic, LLCDK-GAMESDMD Enterprise Sp. Z o.o.Doctor Entertainment ABDolores Entertainment S.L.Dominique Grieshofer (IndividualDominique Grieshofer (Individual)DONTNOD ElevenDON’T NOD EntertainmentDotEmu SASDouble Damage Games IncDouble Eleven LimitedDouble Fine Productions Inc.Double Jungle S.a.S.Double Six Digital Publishing LtdDovetail GamesDR Studios LimitedDR Studios LimitedDreadbit LtdDreamCatcher EuropeDreamloop GamesDrinkBox Studios Inc.Drool LLCDrop Dead Interactivedtp entertainment AGDuckbridgeDusenberry Martin RacingDusk2Dawn Interactive LimitedDynamic Systems Group LtdE-CONCEPT DISTRIBUTIONE-Home Entertainment Development Company Ltd.E-One Studio Sdn. Bhd.E2 publishing s.r.l.EA Swiss SarleastasiasoftEasy Computing Publishing NVEasy InteractiveEasy Tiger Media LtdEasysolving di Claudio MarchesanEclipse GamesEdge of RealityEducamigos s.l.Egg BallEiconic Games LtdEidos InteractiveEko Software S.A.R.L.Electronic ArtsElectronic Arts FranceELEKTROGAMESElephant EntertainmenteLine MediaElonexEmme SAEmpire Interactive Europe Ltd.Empire of Sports AGEmpty Clip StudiosEn Masse EntertainmentEndeavor One, Inc.Endemol UK LtdEndforce LtdEndgame StudiosEnemy Technology LLCEngine SoftwareEnhance GamesENIGMA Software Production,SLEnjoy Gaming LtdEnjoyup Games, S.L.Enlight Software LimitedEnsenaSoft, S.A. de C.VEpic Games International S.à r.l., a Luxembourg Société à Responsibilité LimitéeEragionErdem SenEscape Hatch Entertainment, LLCEssential Applications Inc (GlobalFun)EUN Partnership AISBLEuroVideo Medien GmbHEUTECHNYX LIMITEDEutechnyx LtdeV Interactive LLCeV Interactive LLCEVERSIMEvgeniy KolpakovExcalibur Publishing LimitedExcite Hungary Kft.ExkeeEXOR Studios Wojciech lekki sp j.Experience IncExperimental Gameplay Group, LLC (DBA: Tomorrow Corporation, LLC)ExponeExpression Games LtdExtra Mile Studio LtdExtra Toxic GmBh&Co.KGEyebrow Interactive, LLCF4 GroupF4-ToysFabrik GamesFair Play LabsFallen Tree Games LtdFantage.com, Inc.Farmind LtdFarSight StudiosFarsky InteractiveFatalist Development AB / Expansive Worlds AB / Avalanche StudiosFatshark ABFDG Entertainment&Co. KGFeardemic sp. z o.o.FennecFox EntertainmentFennecFox EntertainmentFeral Interactive LimitedFermenter Games LLCFiaa GmbHFilaoFilematch Ltd T/A MicrovalueFinal Form LLCFinalBoss Games SLFinger Gun GamesFinish Line Games Inc.FIP-PublishingFire Hose Games, IncFiremintFiresprite LtdFishing Cactus SPRLFishing Planet LLCFishing Planet LLCFISHLABS Entertainement GmbHFiveXGames S.L.Flashbulb GamesFlashman GamesFlashpoint AGFlat Black FilmsFlexible Web SolutionsFlippflyFlying Mollusk, LLCFlying Wild Hog Sp. z o.o.Focus Home InteractiveFocus Home Interactive BeneluxFocus Multimedia LimitedForever Entertainment S. Aforeverloops OGForge Reply S.r.lFormagraphFOUR LIGHTS LLCfpsVisionary Software UG (haftungsbeschränkt)Frame InteractiveFrame InteractiveFrance Télécom DC / GOAFrancisco Calvelo MoreiraFrancisco Tellez de Meneses (sole vendor)Franzis Buch- & Softwareverlag GmbHFraoula d.o.o.Freedom Factory Studios, S.L.FreejamFreejam LimitedFreudenthal InstituteFrictional Games ABFrimaFrogmind OyFrogwares IrelandFromSoftware, Inc.Frontier Developments PLCFRONTLINE studiosFrozen Codebase LLCFrozenbyte, Inc.Fruitbat Factory, LtdFugazo Inc.FullFat Productions LtdFullPowerSideAttack.comFullscreen INCFun Punch Games, LdaFunbox Media LtdFuncom Inc.Funfia Inc.Funtank LLCFusion Labs LtdFuture LighthouseFuturemark OyFuturlab LtdFuzzy Wuzzy Games Inc.FX InteractiveG-Style Co., LtdG.rev LtdG4BOX INC.G5 Entertainment ABGabitasoft BVBAGAELCO MOVILES, S.L.Gaijin Entertainment CorporationGAIJINWORKSGalaxyTrail, LLCGalaxyTrail, LLCGamania Digital Entertainement (Europe) B.V.Gambitious BVGAME ARTS Co., Ltd.Game Capital B.V.Game Factory InteractiveGame OutletGame Republic, IncGameArt Studio GmbHGamebridge LtdGamecock Media Europe LtdGameforge 4D GmbHGameforge Berlin AGGamelabUKGameloft S.A.GameMill EntertainmentGameOn GmbHGamera Games SRLGames Factory Online BVGames Farm, s.r.oGAMESHASTRA INCGAMESinFLAMES UGGAMESinFLAMES UGGamesoft Pty LtdGamesRouter LtdGameTrust GamesGAMEVIL USA, Inc.Gamexpress Latin America CorporationGamious B.V.Gamious B.V.Gamious B.V.Gamious B.V.GamistryGAMMERANEST SLGAMMERANEST SLGammick Entertainment SLGarage 227 StudiosGaslamp GamesGateway InteractiveGattai GamesGavin KileyGazillion EntertainmentGazillion, IncGCC-Games Campus Cologen GmbHGearbox PublishingGelid GamesGENIAWARE SRLGenius Sonority Inc.Geobra Branstätter Stiftung & Co. KGGevo Entertainment Pte LtdGhost Time GamesGhostfire GamesGhostlight LtdGiant MargaritaGIANTS SoftwareGIE AnarteamGIGABYTE Co., Ltd.Giochi Preziosi HK LtdGizmondo Europe LimitedGlo IncGlobzGLU MOBILEGMX MediaGnomic Studios Pty LtdGod As A CucumberGoldmark Studios Inc.GolemLabsGoodbye Galaxy GamesGOST PUBLISHINGGrab, LLCGrandé Games GbRGranzella Inc.Green Hill LTD.Greenstreet Software LimitedGrendel GamesGrey Box, a division of Redux! Games, LLCGrey Box, a division of Redux! Games, LLCGriffin InternationalGrimm Bros, LLCgrimtale@parkesm.co.krGrinding Gear Games LimitedGRIP Digital s.r.oGroove Media Inc.Ground Shatter Ltd.GSC Game WorldGuGames DevelopmentGuidance Interactive HealthcareGun Media Holdings, Inc.GungHo Online Entertainment America, Inc.H2 Interactive Co., Ltd.h2f Informationssysteme GmbHHaemimont GamesHailstorm GamesHalfbrick StudiosHalfbrick Studios Pty LtdHammerhead Interactive Ltd.HAMSTER CorporationHanaho Games Inc.HandCircus LtdHands-On Mobile, Inc.Happion Laboratories LLCHappy Dance Games IncHarebrained Holdings, Inc. dba Harebrained SchemesHarmonix Music Systems, IncHaruneko EntertainmentHB Studios Multimedia LtdHB Studios Multimedia Ltd.HD Publishing BVHeadtrip GamesHeadup Games GmbH & Co. KGHeart Machine LLCHeathen EngineeringHeatwave InteractiveHeavy iron Studios, IncHeavy Spectrum LimitedHelix GamesHell-tech e.KHellfire Games Inc.Helliwood media & educationHello GamesHello There ABHenchman & Goon ASHenchmen StudioHex Entertainment LLCHi-Rez StudiosHidden Variable Studios, LLCHigh Horse Entertainment, LLCHinterland Studio Inc.Hip Interactive EUROPEHitcents.comHMH Hamburger Medien Haus Vertriebs GmbHHollow PondsHome Entertainment Suppliers Pty LtdHoneyslug LtdHonor Code, Inc.Hooded Gaming Ltd.Hoplite Research, LLCHopoo Games, LLCHotGen Ltd.Hothead Games, Inc.House House Games PTY LTDHousemarque OyHucast GamesHudson EntertainmentHUDSON SOFT CO., LTD.Huey Games LtdHullBreach Studios Ltd.HUMAN E.T GAMESHumble Bundle, Inc.Humble Hearts LLCHUUUGE GAMES Sp. z o. o.Hydestile Media & Creative LtdHydravision EntertainmentHyper Awesome Entertainment LLCHyper Hippo Productions Ltd.Hypersect LLCHörberg ProductionsI-Friqiya FZ-LLC  (known as I-Friqiya)I-IllusionsIce-Pick Lodge LLCIceberg Interactive BVIceBreaker USIceflake Studios OyIcon Games Entertainment LtdIDC/GamesIdea Factory International, Inc.IDEA GAMES a.s.Ideas Pad LtdiFree Studio LimitediFun4all sp. z o.o. (Ltd.)Ignition Entertainment LtdIllion America Inc.Ilusis Interactive Graphics, Inc.Image & Form International ABImaginarium Studios LimitedImagiNation s.c. ?ukasz Kubiak, Bartosz Moska?aImagiNation s.c. ?ukasz Kubiak, Bartosz Moska?aImagiNation s.c. Lukasz Kubiak, Bartosz MoskalaImmanitas Entertainment GmbHImmersive Games LimitedImpossible VisionsImpressionware srlImprobableIncaGold plcIncus Interactive Productions LLCIndependent Arts Software GmbHIndie Games ProductionsIndiehoundIndiePub Entertainment incInfernum Productions AGInfinitap GamesInfinite Dreams Inc.Infinite Dreams sp. z o.o.Infinite Interactive Pty. Ltd.Infinite Monkeys Entertainment Ltd.Infinite State GamesInfogrames EuropeInfogrames Iberica Distribucion, S.A.Infogrames UKINFOTRONIK GAMES LTDIngress Ventures BVInnova Co. S.a.r.l.InselGames Ltd.INTENIUM Console GmbHIntenium GmbHIntense Co., Ltd.Intercorona d.o.o.Intergrow Inc.International Business Alliance USA Inc.International développement système (ID6)Internet URL S.A.Internet URL S.A.INTERPLAY ENTERTAINMENT CORPInterplay Entertainment Corp.Introversion Software LimitedInvictus-Games Kft.InXile EntertainemntinXile entertainment inc.IN|Framez Technology Corp.IPACSIQ PublishingIREM SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INC.Iridium StudiosIron Galaxy Studios LLCISOPOD LABS, LLCiSquared Games LtdIVENT LTDJackbox Games IncJagex LtdJAKKS Pacific Inc.Jaleco Entertainment Inc.JANDUSOFT S.L.Játékszalon Kft.JBT Nordic License Scandinavia ABJDR DEVJelly Bridge Productions LtdJérôme LABBEJester Interactive Publishing LTDJet Set Games, Inc.JMJ InteractiveJoe RichardsonJohanna Grahn InteractiveJoindots GmbHJoju Games (legal name: Gril Productions Inc)JOSE VARELAJoWooD EntertainmentJoyBits LimitedJOYCITY CorporationJU Enterprise INCJuggernaut Games, LLCJuicy Beast Studio Ltd.Just A Game GmbHJust Add Water (Developments), Ltd.JV Games, IncK.E. Mathiasen A/SKaasa solution GmbHKABOKalicanthus Entertainment S.r.l.Kalio Ltda.Kalypso Media Digital LtdKalypso Media GmbHKANDO GAMESKarateka LLCKaxan Media Group, SAPI de C. V.Kazago Entertainmentkeen games GmbH & Co. KGKemco EuropeKeren Software LLC also known as UntameKeystone Game StudioKIDDINX Entertainment GmbHKiklopas S.A.Kiloo ApsKINGSTON UNIVERSITYKitfox Games Inc.Kiz Studios, DBA You42, Inc.Klei Entertainment Inc.klutzGamesklutzGames (no registered company) Timo FleischKnapNok Games ApSKOCH mediaKoch Media GmbH (Austria)Koch Media SLUKoei Tecmo Europe LtdKolesterol Cät InteractiveKolkom International LLCKonami Digital Entertainment BVKonami of Europe UKKONEKOKongregateKorner Entertainment SLKoth Studio SLKotobuki Solution Co., Ltd.Kotobuki System Co. Ltd. (Kemco)Krea Medie A/S (Ltd.)Krillbite StudioKritzelkratz 3000 GmbHKrome Studios Inckunst-stoff GmbHKWL ProductionsLA COSA Entertainment INC.Lace GamesLapland Studio Ltd.LARIAN DIGITAL NVLARIAN Studios Games LimitedLASNERSOFTLast Chance Media, LLC dba FinjiLastlimb LLCLaughing Jackal Ltdlbxgames GmbHLEADER S.P.A.Leader S.p.A.League of GeeksLEAP SACLegacy InteractiveLegendo Entertainment ABLEGO System A/SLeikir Studio SARLLemon Games S.L.Lemondo GamesLEON BROTHERSLesta Co LtdLeuvsionLevel 77 Pty Ltd trading as Blowfish StudiosLEVEL-5 abbyLEVEL-5 International America, Inc.Leveled Games LLCLewandowski Digital, LLC, dba Team2bitLEXICON EntertainmentLexis NumériqueLicensed 4U LtdLicomp EMPiK Multimedia LtdLienzoLienzoLifeLine Entertainment, SLLightbulb Crew SASLighthouse Interactive Game Publishing BVLightwood Consultancy Ltd (trading as Lightwood Games)liica, Ltd.Limbic Entertainment GmbHLimelight Software LimitedLion game Lion d.o.o.Little Orbit Europe, LTD.LITTLE WORLD STUDIOS SLLittle Worlds StudioLlamasoft LtdLMM CaNu Publicidad S.A (CaNu Arts)Load Inc.Lockpick EntertainmentLockwood Publishing LtdLog Games LtdLogic Artists ApSLOOT INTERACTIVELost in the Garden GmbhLucid Publishing LtdLudia Inc.Ludometrics LtdLudosity ABLudosity ABLuk Internacional SALumenox ehfLunatic Pixels S.L.M07games L.L.C.M2 Co., Ltd.M2HMad Dog, LLCMAD Works B.V.MadCatz Inc.MADE GmbHMadruga Works LimitedMadskull CreationsMAGES. Inc.Magic Design StudiosMagicalTimeBeanMAGIX AGMagnussoft Deutschland GmbHMail.Ru GamesMajesco Europe LimitedMamba Games LtdMarkt+Technik Verlag GmbHMarkus Tröszter1337studiosMarmalade game Studio LtdMarvelous Europe LimitedMass Creation Sp. z o. o.Mass Media Games, Inc.Mastertronic Games LtdMastertronic Group LimitedMastiff LLCMastiff, LLCMathieu ROGER GamesMatt Makes Games Inc.Mattel UK LimitedMaximilian AbstreiterMaximum GamesMaximum Games Ireland LtdMaximum Games LtdMC2Mechabit LtdMedia Sales & Licensing B.V.Media Sales and LicensingMediascape Co., Ltd.Mediatonic Ltd.Meerkat Gaming LLCMercury Games LimitedMERCURYSTEAM ENTERTAINMENT S.L.Mere Mortals LimitedMerge GamesMeridian4 (6197230 Canada Inc.)Messhof, llc.Metalhead Software Inc.Metanet Software Inc.Meteor Entertainment Inc.Metro3D Europe LtdMichaelArtsMicro Application SAMicroforum Ltd.MICRONET, S.A.MicrosoftMicrosoft FranceMicrosoft studiosMicrotime Interactive LimitedMidas Interactive Entertainment LtdMidBossMidBossMight and Delight ABMighty Rabbit Studios, Inc.Mighty Studios, LLCMilestone S.r.l.Milestone S.r.l.Milkstone Studios S.L.Mind Candy LtdMindfieldMindscape  S.A.Mindscape Northern Europe BVMindscape UKMiniclip (UK) Ltd.Minority Media IncMinority Media Inc.Misfits AtticMixedBag SrlMi’pu’mi Games GmbHMLB Advanced Media, L.P.MMM MultiMediaManufaktur GmbHMobigame SARLMobirate LtdMobisationMobot Studios, Inc.Mode 7 LimitedMoenovelMojang ABMojo Bones Ltd.Momentum Bilgisayar Yazilim A.S.mondokiddo SASMonkeyPaw Games, Inc.Monomi Park, LLCMonte Cristo MultimediaMoonbite Games, S.L.MoonFactory SCMoonpod Ltd.Morphicon LimitedMOSS Co., Ltd.Mossmouth, LLCMotiga, Inc.MOVING PLAYERMPS Multimedia Inc., DBA Selectsoft, SelectMSL INTENIUM B.VMTO USA, IncMTV Networks, a division of Viacom InternationalMuHa GamesMusic Instrument Champ ABMUTAN IncMuteki CorporationMy.com B.V.Myoubouh CorpNA.P.S. Team sncNabi Studios Pte Ltd.Namazu Studios LLCNAMCO BANDAI Games Inc.NAMCO BANDAI Partners S.A.SNAMI TENTOU MUSHI, LLCNANGOK SOFTWARE CO., LTD.Nano Games sp. z o.o.Natsume Inc.Natsume Inc.NCsoft Europe LtdND InteractiveNdemic CreationsnDreams LtdNDS Denmark A/SNecrophone Games Corp.NEMOPOLISNeocoregames LTDNeptune Interactive IncNetmarble EMEA FZ LLCNEULAND MULTIMEDIA GmbHNeutron Games GmbHNevernaut LLCNevrax SarlNEW VIDEO GAMES INTERNATIONAL AREANexon America Inc.NEXON Europe LimitedNEXON Europe S.à r.l.Next Dimension (IT) Limited t/a XS Games EuropeNextfloorNicalis, Inc.Nicolas Games SANicolas Pierre?Loti?ViaudNicolas Pierre?Loti?ViaudNight School StudioNighthawk Interactive LLCNiKo MaKi LLCNilo StudiosNinja EggNinja Kiwi Europe LimitedNinja Theory LtdNinja Theory LtdNinja Theory Ltd.NinjaBeeNintendo of Europe GmbHNIS America, IncNitrolic GamesNnoooNo GoblinNo Pest ProductionsNobilisNocturnal Entertainment Australia, Pty LtdNokia CorparationNomad Games LimitedNordcurrentNordic Games Publishing ABNordic License Toys AB i Lidingö ABNordisk Film Distribution A/SNostatic Software, LLCNoumenon Games ABNovaLogic Ltd.NovaLogic, Inc USANoviy DiskNTROY LTD.Nyamyam Ltd.Oasis GamesOasis Games Ltd.Object Vision Software AGOcean Media, LLCOddworld Inhabitants, Inc.odenis studioOetinger Media GmbHOffice Create Corp.Office Create Corp.OG International LtdOmni Systems LtdOn Line Fussball Manager GmbHONE MORE LEVEL S.A.One to One Development TrustOne to One Development TrustONIMEDIA SP. Z O.O.	Onteca LtdOpen Emotion StudiosOpenoko Entertainment  Sp. z o.o.OR1GO LLCOSAOOther Ocean Group, Inc.Other Ocean InteractiveOuterlight LtdOutright GamesOutsider GamesOutso LtdOver The Moon GamesOver the Top Games, SL	ovos realtime3D gmbHOwlchemy Labs IncOXiAB Game StudioOxygene SrlOYUN STUDYOSUP.M. Studios S.r.l.P1 Sports Ltd.P2 Games LimitedPadaone Games, S.L.Paladin Studios B.V.PAN Vision Distribution ABPanic Button, LLCPanini s.p.a.Pantheon Publishing LtdParadox InteractiveParamount Digital EntertainmentPARKESM CO., LTDParticularParticularPastagamesPavel TovarysPavilion Distribution LtdPD Design Studio Ptd LtdPelfast, Inc.Penny Black Studios LTDPentadimensional Games SLPerfect World Entertainment Inc.Performance Designed Products LLCPerpetual - EuropePETA Deutschland e.V.Peter Lu and Lea SchönfelderPewter Games StudiosPhantagram Co., Ltd.Phantom 8 Studio UG (haftungsbeschränkt) & Co.KGPhenomedia Publishing GmbHPHL Collective LLCPhoenix Games (Holland) BVPhoenix Global SoftwarePhosphor Games, LLCPinnacle Entertainment LtdPINPIN TEAM SARLPiranakingPixel Cream S.L.Pixel FederationPixel Hero GamesPixel TalesPixel ToysPixelBomb Games LimitedPixellorePixelNAUTSPIXELNEST STUDIO SARLPixolane OyPixonauts KGPLANET NEMO ProductionsPlay It LtdPlayata GmbHPlaydeadPlaydekPlayerthree LimitedPlayEveryWarePlayful Entertainement IncPlaylogic Games B.V.Playmous, Inc.Playmous, Inc.Playmous, Inc.Playniac LimitedPlayrise Digital LtdPlaysaurus Inc.Playstos S.r.l.plazz entertainment AGPlug-In-DigitalPM StudiosPocketwatch GamesPointsoftPolyarc, Inc.Polygon ToysPolyKid, LLCPolytron Corporation Inc.PomPom Software LtdPop SandboxPopCap Games, IncPoppermost ProductionsPositive Gaming Europe ABPouncingKitten Games, LLCPower Up S.r.l.Powerhead GamesPowerhoof Pty LtdPQUBE LtdPrelusion Games ABPress PlayPrideful Sloth Pty LtdPrison Lab s.r.o.Prodigy Designs TradingProfessor Why S.AProgressioProject Three Interactive BVPromcast LimitedPromotion Software GmbHProSieben Sat. 1 Digital GmbHProSiebenSat.1 Games GmbHPsycatic SoftwarePsyonixPsytec Games LtdPub Company SrlPUMO Co., Ltd.Pygmy StudioPyxel Arts Digital Entertainment S.L.Q Entertainment IncQ-Games LtdQuality Games Online LtdQubicGames sp z o.o.QUByte InteractiveQuestion LLCQuirkatR8 Games LtdRaceRoom Entertainment AGRadial Games Corp.Radiation Burn LimitedRage GamesRAGEQUIT CORPORATIONRagtag Developments LtdRain AsRainbow Media Pte LtdRAINBOW S.P.A.Raptus GamesRatalaika Games S.L.Ratloop Asia PTE LtdRaveganRavensburger Digital GmbHRaw Fury ABRazor Sharp Studios LimitedRC KnightRCMADIAXREAL GAME MACHINE SRLRebellion Interactive LimitedRebusmindRecoil Games OyRECOTECHNOLOGY S.LRed Barrels Inc.Red Hare StudiosRed Herring GamesRed Hook StudiosRed Katana (legal name Lucid Dreams SRL)Red Mile EntertainmentRed Phantom Games LimitedRedback Sales LimitedRedBedlam LtdRedlynx LtdRedOctaneredspotgamesReef Entertainment LimitedReflexive Entertainment, IncRelentless SoftwareRELEVO VIDEOGAMES S.L.Relic EntertainmentReload Studios incReloaded GamesRemedy Entertainment Ltd.REMIMORYRenegade Kid LLCReptile Games V.O.F.responDESIGNReto-Moto ApSRetro AffectRetro Computers LimitedRetroid Interactive ABRetromite LLCReverb Triple XPRight Square Bracket, Left Square Bracket IncRimlight Studios s.r.l.Ringzero Game Studio Co., Ltd.Ripstone LtdRising Star Games LtdRiverdeep Interactive Learning LimitedROBLOX CorporationRobot EntertainmentRock Hippo Productions LtdROCKFISH Games GmbHRogueCode (PTY) LTDrokapublish UGrolling media trading as roll7Ronimo GamesRooster TeethRORTOS SRLROTTEN MAGE (PTE.) LTD.ROURKE LTD.Rovio Mobile LtdRTL Games GmbHRubicon Mobile, LtdRunestone Games LimitedRust0 Games OyRusty Bolt BVBAS.A.D Software Produktions- und Vertriebs GmbHSabarasa Entertainment SRLSABARASA INCSaber InteractiveSaffran ProdSammy Europe Ltd.Sanoma Media Netherlands B.VSanuk Games SARLSanuk Software Co., Ltd.Sarepta studio ASSaros (International) Pty LtdSaros (International) Pty LtdSassybotSaturnine GamesSavannahSC2X/Mad Monkey StudioSchell GamesSchell GamesSchulenburg Software Development UGSCI Games LtdSEAVEN STUDIOSecond Order Ltd.Secret Sorcery LimitedSeed Studios LdaSEGA CorporationSEGA Europe LtdSEGA of America, Inc.SeithCGSemaphoreSerenity Forge LLCSerious Parody LtdSG DiffusionSG Interactive, INC.Shanblue Interactive S.L.Shanghai Kena Information Technology Co., Ltd.Shanghai Lusion Computer Software Co. Ltd.Sheffield Hallam University Enterprises Limited (SHUEL)Shin'en Multimedia GmbHShindo S.A.S.	Shining Gate SoftwareSileni StudiosSilicon CarneSimBin Studios ABSimogo ABSINGAPORE-MIT GAMBIT Game LabSingOn LtdSinister Cyclops Game Studios LTDSixense Entertainment Inc.Ska StudiosSkandivania ANSSKH Apps LLCSkonec EntertainmentSkydance Interactive LLCSKYL-COM LTDSlam Games Ltd.Slick Entertainment Inc.Slitherine Software UK LtdSmack Down ProductionsSME Dynamic Systems LtdSMG StudioSmileBoom Co.Ltd.Smiling Buddha Games, LLCSmobile Inc.Snail Games USASnap Finger Click LtdSnapDragon Games GmbHSniper EntertainmentSNK PLAYMORE CORPORATIONSnow Castle ASSOEDESCO PublishingSOEDESCO PublishingSoepel B.V.Softplanet Sp. z o.o.Sold Out Sales & Marketing LimitedSolus GamesSoma GamesSomequest Sp. z o. o.SOMI Inc.Sonic Powered Co, LtdSonySONY BMG MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT GmbHSony Computer Entertainment EuropeSouthPeak InteractiveSpace Lizard Studio LTDSpaces of Play UG (haftungsbeschränktSparpweedSpearhead GamesSpicysoftSpike Chunsoft Co., Ltd.Spike Chunsoft Co., Ltd.Spiky Fish Games , LLCSpin Master StudiosSpiral House Ltd.Spiral Summit Games, LLCSPLSpringloaded PTE. LTDSpry FoxSquare Enix LtdSquarehead Studios LtdSTAEDTLER Mars GmbH & Co. KGStage 2 StudiosSTAIRSStarbreeze Publishing  ABStarbreeze Publishing ABStarGush EntertainmentSteel Crate Games, Inc.Steel Penny Games, Inc.Stellar Entertainment SoftwareStellarVR LimitedStickmen LimitedSTIMTECH LIMITEDStimtech LTDStirfire PTY LTDStolen Couch Games B.V.Stonehill Online Software DesignStorm in a TeacupStorm in a TeacupStorm in a TeacupStorm in a TeacupStormBASIC S.L.Stormcloud Games LimitedStormcloud Games LimitedStoryline TeamStrangely Named StudioStudio 100 NVStudioMDHR Entertainment Inc.Subatomic StudiosSubatomic Studios, LLCSubmarineSumo DigitalSunflex Europe GmbHSunlight Games GmbHSuper Icon LimitedSupergiant Games, LLCSUPERHOT Sp. z o.o.Surprise Attack Pty LtdSurviosSVRVIVE Studios ABSWING! Entertainment Media AGSwitchblade Monkeys Entertainment Inc.SYSTEM 3 LTDSystem Era Softworks LLCSystem Era Softworks LLCTAB Austria Industrie- und Unterhaltungselektronik GmbH & CoKGTACS Games LimitedTag Games LimitedTailteann Games ltd.Taito CorporationTake two InteractiveTake2 Interactive Software Europe ltdTakusan WorksTama Global, S.L.Tammeka LtdTantalus Media Pty LtdTanukii Studios LtdTapwaveTargem GamesTarsier StudiosTASUKE Co., Ltd.TATE MULTIMEDIA S.ATDK Recording Media Europe S.A.Team CherryTeam CherryTeam Frizz, inc.Team Meat LLCTeam PeskyTeam Stendec GbRTeam17 Digital LimitedTeam6 Game Studios BVTeamworks Productions LimitedTechland SP. Z.O.O.Techtonic Games Inc.Tecmo IncTecmo, Ltd.TELEagri Media GmbHTelltale GamesTension Graphics AB/PlaygroundSquadTEQUILA WORKSTerrible Toybox, Inc.Teseo y el Minotauro, S.L.U.TESSLOFF VERLAGTETRIS ONLINE IncTeyonTGC – The Games Company Worldwide GmbHThe BehemothThe Code Monkeys LtdThe Farm 51 Group S.A.The Fighter CollectionThe Fox SoftwareThe Fyzz Facility LimitedThe Game AtelierThe Game BakersThe Game Creators LtdThe Game Room Inc.The Gaming PubThe Good Mood Creators LLCThe Men Who Wear Many Hats LLCThe Molasses FloodThe Quantum Astrophysicists Guild, IncorporatedThe Toy:Lobster Company LtdThe Unnamed Fiasco TeamThe Unnamed Fiasco TeamThe Voices Games LtdThe Walt Disney Company LtdThekla, Inc.THEM corporationthePharmacy Media BVThinkFast StudioThomas Happ Games LLCTHQ IncTHQ NordicTHQ WirelessTHREAKS GmbHThree Fields Entertainment LimitedThree Sprockets Pty LtdThreye Interactive Pvt LtdThrough Games V.o.F.Thunder Cloud Studio LtdThunder Lotus GamesThylacine StudiosTiconblu srlTicToc Studios LLCTicToc Studios LLCTiger Games LimitedTiger StyleTikGames, LLCTiki Games, Inc.Tikipod LtdTilting Point Spotlight LLCTime of Virtual Reality Technology Co., LtdTimeGate Studios, Inc.Tiny Horse Games LLCtinyBuild GAMEStinyBuild GAMEStinyBuild GAMEStinyBuild GAMESTitus InteractiveTitus Interactive StudioTivola Publishing GmbHTom Create Co., LtdTomislav Simundic Marketing ConsultingTomy UK Ltd.Top RatedToptronics ABToptronics OyTopWare Interactive AG.Toro Games S.LTotal Monkery LtdTower Studios LtdTower Up StudiosToxic GamesToylogic Inc.Tozai Inc.TradewestTradewest Games LtdTrandscendSense Technologies IncTranscendSense Technologies Inc. dba Brace Yourself GamesTRANSPOSIA NVTreefortress IncTrend Redaktions- und Verlagsgesellschaft gmbHTrend Redaktions- und Verlagsgesellschaft mbHTrendy EntertainmentTreva Entertainment GmbhTriangle Service Corp.Triangle StudiosTribute Games Inc.Trion Worlds IncTripwire Interactive LLCTriumph Studios B.V.Troxit Services LimitedTruant Pixel, LLCTubby Games Ltd.Tumbleweed Interactive DATurtle CreamTV4 ABTwisted Dragon Media LLCTwo Tribes Publishing B.V.U-Play OnlineU-PLAY online SLUber EntertainmentUbi Soft EMEAUbi Soft Entertainment - UKUbi Soft SpainUBIQUITOUS ENTERTAINMENT Inc.UBIQUITOUS ENTERTAINMENT Inc.UBIQUITOUS ENTERTAINMENT Inc.Ubisoft B.V.Ubisoft EMEAUbisoft FranceUBISOFT MARKETING and COMMUNICATIONUbisoft UKUfi TtdUFO Interactive Games INCUFO Interactive Games, Inc.UKIYO Publishing LimitedUltra Ultra ApsUMIX STUDIOSUnfinished PixelUnited Independent Entertainment GmbHUnited Publishing Interactive Ltd.United Soft Media Verlag GmbH (USM)Unknown Worlds Entertainment, Inc.Unruly Attractions LimitedUpfront PromotionsUpjers GmbH&Co. KGUppercut Games Pty LtdUppercut Games Pty LtdUrbanscan LimitedUtopian World of Sandwiches LtdV7 ENTERTAINMENT INC.Valcon Games LLCValve CorporationVanilla Live Games Softwareentwicklungs Gmbh	Vblank Entertainment IncVector Unit IncVEEMEE LLPVersus Evil LLCVertex Pop Inc.VERTICE GAMES COMERCIO DE JOGOS E SERVICOS DE DESENVOLVIMENTO LTDA ­ MEVertigo GamesVile Monarch Sp. z o. o. Sp. k.Villa Hirschberg Online GmbHVirgin PLAY, S.A.Virtual Air Guitar Company OyVirtual Air Guitar Company OyVirtual Play GamesVirtual Toys S.L.VirZOOM IncVision Games PublishingVITEI SwedenVitrex Multimedia Grosshandel GmbHVivaio-Games SARLVivendi Games Ireland LtdVivid Games S.A.VIVID HELIX INC.VlambeerVogster EntertainmentVogster Entertainment, L.L.C.VooFoo StudiosVooFoo StudiosVorpal Games LTDVostok Games. Survarium Inc.VoxlerVS Digital GmbHvTime LimitedW!GamesWacom Europe GmbHWahoo StudiosWales Interactive LtdWalfrido Abejón Garcia “Trading as” Rainy Night CreationsWalkOn media publishing GmbH & Co.KGWalt Disney Home EntertainmentWalt Disney Internet GroupWander MMO Pty LtdWar Drum Studios, LLCWarChest Ltd.WarDucks LTDWargamingWarlock Arts Yaz. San. Tic. Ltd. Sti.Warner Brothers Entertainment UK LtdWastelands InteractivewatAgame ApSWaterMelon CoWayForward Technologies, Inc.WAYWARDXS Entertainment SRLWebzen Dublin LimitedWebzen Inc.Wee Man StudiosWeirdBeard B.V.Wendros ABWest Coast EntertainmentWest Coast Software LimitedWHA Entertainment IncWhale Rock GamesWhiptail Interactive (Europe) S.L.White Paper GamesWhite Park Bay Software Ltd.White Room Games LimitedWhite Room Games LimitedWHIZZ-BIZ LIMITEDWildbit Studios, S.L.Wildcard Properties LLC (D.B.A Studio Wildcard)WillplusWinking Skywalker Entertainment Limitedwinterworks GmbHWired Productions LtdWitch Beam Games Pty LtdWizarboxWizards of the Coast LLCWobbly Tooth LtdWobbly Tooth LtdWoodsy StudioWozniak and Carpendale, LLCwww.handy-games.com GmbHWZO Games Inc.X1SoftwareXALOC STUDIOS S.LXaviant, LLCXaviant, LLCXendex Holding GmbHXformXGen StudiosXGen Studios IncXibalba StudiosXibalba StudiosXicat InteractiveXIM IncXINESS Co., Ltd.Xing InteractiveXona Games Inc.XPEC Entertainment Inc.XS Games LimitedXSEED GamesXsolla (USA), Inc.Yacht Club Games, L.L.CYANIM STUDIO, S.L.Yash Future Tech Solutions Pvt LtdYECK EntertainmentYGGDRASIL STUDIOYnnis InteractiveYoostar Entertainment GroupYooStar Ltd.Young Horses, Inc.YoYo Games Ltd.YSBRYD GAMES WORLDWIDE LIMITEDYUKE’S CO,. LTD.YUKE’S Company of AmericaYULLABY SARLYummyYummyTummy, IncZachtronics LLCZadbox EntertainmentZALLAG S.A.SZANRAI INTERACTIVE, LLCZeboyd Games, LLCZeboyd Games, LLCZefxis A. &. D. BendilasZEN Studios LtdZen United LtdZeNfA Productions LLCZeniMax Europe Limited/Bethesda Softworks EuropeZepetto co.ZeptoLab UK LimitedZeptoLab UK LimitedZeroscale Games GmbHZillion WhalesZinkia EntertainmentZoink ABZombie StudiosZoo Entertainment Europe LimitedZordix ABZuinq Studio S.L.Zushi Games
System: 
AllArcadeMobileNew Nintendo 3DSNintendo 3DSNintendo DSNintendo DSi - DSiWareNintendo SwitchNintendo WiiNintendo Wii UPCPlaystation 2Playstation 3PlayStation 4PlayStation VitaPlug and PlaySony PSP - PSP GOSuper Nintendo Entertainment SystemXBox 360Xbox OneOther
Country: 
AllAustriaBelgiumBulgariaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkEstoniaFinlandFranceGreeceHungaryIcelandIrelandIsraelItalyLatviaLithuaniaLuxembourgMaltaNetherlandsNorwayPolandPortugalRomaniaSlovak RepublicSloveniaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandUnited Kingdom
 





Search Result




 


Valkyria Chronicles SEGA Europe Ltd
The content of this game is suitable for persons aged 16 years and over only.It contains: Realistic looking violence

  	  		System: PlayStation 4
  	  		Genre: Strategy
  	  		Releasedate: 2016-06-16







 


Valkyria Chronicles SEGA Europe Ltd
The content of this game is suitable for persons aged 16 years and over only.It contains: Realistic looking violence

  	  		System: PC
  	  		Genre: Strategy
  	  		Releasedate: 2014-11-13







 


Valkyria Chronicles II SEGA Europe Ltd
The content of this game is suitable for persons aged 16 years and over only.It contains: Realistic looking violence - 

  	  		System: Sony PSP
  	  		Genre: RPG
  	  		Releasedate: 2010-09-09







 


Valkyria Chronicles SEGA Europe Ltd
The content of this game is suitable for persons aged 16 years and over only.It contains: Realistic looking violence

  	  		System: Playstation 3
  	  		Genre: Strategy
  	  		Releasedate: 2008-11-14





 1 1 Sites | 4 Items









© PEGI S.A. All rights reserved.



SELECT COUNTRY



 България



Nederlands
Deutsch
Français


 Belgique

 Česká republika


 Κύπρος
 Danmark
 Eesti


 España
 Ελλάδα
 France


 Ireland
 Íslandi
 דינת ישראל


 Italia
 Latvija
 Lietuva





Deutsch
Français


 Luxembourg

 Magyarország
 Malta


 Nederland
 Norge
 Österreich


 Polska
 Portugal
 România





Deutsch
Français
Italiano


 Schweiz

 Slovenská
 Slovenija


 Suomi
 Sverige
 United Kingdom


 Republic of Singapore




